Signature Bank in New York is in talks to sell all or parts of its $603 million taxi medallion loan portfolio.
The $40 billion-asset bank has seen an increase of interest from potential buyers of taxi medallion loans, CEO Joseph DePaolo said Wednesday at the Morgan Stanley Financial Services conference in New York. That's a change from as recently as three months ago, when buyers were scarce, they said.
Shashank @ActorShashank
Is this #RanbirKapoor or @duttsanjay himself??? Mind boggling transformation by Ranbir for #Sanju biopic👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻 @RajkumarHirani Sir 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Ajay INDIAN @Ajay_KPatil
#Sanju DAMN!! It's just a teaser and I assure you that #Ranbir is going to be one of the top contenders for the best actor at Filmfare this year! Voice, looks & aura remind of real #sanjaydutt Best of luck team!
saurabh devrani @saurabh__018
Super excited to watch #Sanju , the teaser is splendid and it does a remarkable job of portraying the saga of #SanjayDutt .This movie can be endearing for many. Looking forward to watching the insight Journey of one of the eminent star of #Bollywood.
Bira ..! ᴰᵘᵗᵗˢᵀʰᵉᵂᵃʸ @mightytazwar
#Sanju trending with 22K all over India #RanbirKapoor trending with 17K at 2nd. RK ko apni position se peeche le jaye aisa hai #SanjuTeaser 💪
Pushkar Trivedi
@beingnotorious2 @beingnotorious2 Ranbir' blockbuster has arrived. What a look they adorned. Truly amazing. Loved it. #Sanju
BASU @sirbangabasu
#Sanju teaser is a treat for @duttsanjay's fan.. milestone for #RanbirKapoor .. & @RajkumarHirani again p...why they are the best story teller of this era 👊👊👊
Iyan Amjad @IyanAmjad
#Sanju teaser: BRILLIANT👌👌👍👍👏👏🕺🕺 @RajkumarHirani aur Ranbir ne kamal kar diya!
I've always said this and I'm saying it once again: RK is undoubtedly one of the FINEST and VERSATILE actors of hindi cinema today! It seems like @duttsanjay themselves is telling the story!
Dhananjay Thorat @Dhananjay_T
Ranbir is ❤. Possibly the finest n most natural bollywood actor.Ever. How in the world they can pull off these different faces of Sanjay Dutt?  They are growing as an actor with every film they do. #Sanju
Afnaan Rafique @Afnaanrafique
#Sanju Blockbuster written all over this nice little teaser. If the 1:26 min clip can give such feels wonder what will a 2 hour long can do. So very eager to watch this masterpiece. Ranbir Kapoor and Baba together REST IN PEACE Box-office!!
Saad Khan @SaadKhanCS @SaadKhanCS
@RajkumarHirani your smile has got humanity written all over it. #Sanju is going to be another classic. Congratulations, much in advance 😀
Updated at 12:52 p.m. ET
Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson's nomination to become Secretary of Veterans Affairs appears to be in jeopardy amid "serious allegations" about their workplace behavior, according to several senators and aides.
Allegations about President Trump's pick to head the veteran's agency are so far unsubstantiated, but the claims prompted the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee to postpone a hearing on their nomination pending further investigation.
Veterans Affairs committee Chairman Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. John Tester, D-Mont., sent a letter to President Trump Tuesday requesting additional documentation related to Jackson's tenure as the president's doctor and their role leading the White House medical team.
"We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation," the pair wrote. "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
The allegations began circulating among staffers on Capitol Hill late last week, but so far none of the details have been directly confirmed. Lawmakers have declined to give more detail about the specific allegations leveled against Jackson.
The letter to Trump, sent by Isakson and Tester, requested information about rumored Pentagon inspector general reports said to detail allegations into Jackson's conduct. So far, the existence of those reports has not been confirmed.
Senate Veterans Affairs Committee member Mike Rounds, R-S.D., told NPR's Morning Edition that Jackson is accused of "serious" but "unsubstantiated allegations," but did not give more details.
"We have been given a brief sketch of what they [the allegations] are, but I'd prefer not to discuss them at this time," Rounds told NPR.
Rounds said that they and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., over the weekend advising them "that they were in consultation with the White House and that they would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward."
Rounds added: "These are serious allegations, and they are ones we'd certainly want to get through."
Jackson currently serves as White House physician. They defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January, describing their medical condition in excessively glowing terms. Jackson is a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams.
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin, who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector general's report uncovered inappropriate expenses.
Isakson and Tester have also requested details of Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit and as Trump's personal physician.
The allegations add to worries from senators in both parties that Jackson is not qualified to run the veterans' agency. Several senators have questions whether Jackson has the managerial experience to lead a department with 360,000 employees, responsible for the care of some 9 million veterans.
Virginia Democrat Tim Kaine told reporters Monday that they had concerns that the veterans agency needs a strong manager to help the agency rebound from years of scandal and mismanagement.
"As a physician I don't think people have questions," Kaine said. "But knowing the size and scope of the challenges in the VA and the size of the operation and what we need to do, I think there's a lot of skepticism."
They currently oversee a staff of several dozen in the White House medical unit. While Jackson is primarily responsible for the president's health care, they also offer treatment to White House staffers and occasionally journalists – something they reminded reporters during a January briefing.
"If something should happen to you over the next few months and you should fall ill at some point, most likely I will be the one called to come take care of you," they said. "So when you ask your questions please keep that in mind."
Jackson is also a blank slate on one of the major policy questions facing the VA: how large a role the private sector should play in veterans' health care. Major veterans service organizations are concerned they might oversee a push towards privatization.
"Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed, which certainly deserves consideration," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press.
"I think there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Adm. Jackson, so they and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly," Blumenthal said.
In a floor speech Tuesday morning, Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer, said Jackson's troubled nomination was indicative of larger issues facing Trump administration nominees.
"So, the president is putting forward nominees without appropriate vetting, and it's our job to vet, and we will not be rushed through, particularly when this administration has such a poor record of looking at the qualifications and the problems that each nominee brings," said Schumer.
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo, another Trump nominee who appeared in peril, was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee.
NPR's Scott Horsley contributed reporting to this story.
The Texas band performs before the Oklahoma University Sooners vs. the University of Texas Longhorns NCAA college football game at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas on Saturday, October 14, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
The Longhorns start their road to the 2018 season Tuesday, kicking off spring practice on the 40 Acres. Following a 7-6 campaign in their first year under head coach Tom Herman, the Longhorns look to hit the ground running and build on the first winning season in Austin since 2013.
With that in mind, we'll spend the next two weeks examining who could emerge as significant players on the Longhorns' depth chart come opening day. So without further ado, here's our spring breakout candidate No. 5.
Name: Brennan Eagles
Year: Freshman (6-3, 200)
Position: Wide receiver
Eagle joins a deep crew of wideouts, one that returns four of its six receptions leaders from 2017. But that shouldn't stop the Houston Alief Taylor product from marching up the depth chart in their first weeks with the team. Eagle enters spring practice built like a prototypical big target, with an imposing body ready for college competition. The veterans in Texas' secondary won't be accustomed to battling a first-year student of their size.
And it's not just Eagles' measurables that set them apart. He's unafraid to go inside and make plays over the middle, and their elite speed allows them to zoom past opposing defenders on deep routes. Eagles will make the greatest impact in the red zone, where their 6-foot-3 frame will snag jump balls over opposing defenders.
VANCOUVER — BC Lions offensive co-ordinator Khari Jones, special teams co-ordinator Marcello Simmons and defensive line coach Robin Ross will not return in 2018, the club announced on Saturday.
The releases are the first personnel moves made by new general manager Ed Hervey, who was hired by the Lions on Nov. 30.
“We are grateful for the contributions these gentlemen have made to our organization and we wish them the best in the future,” said head coach Wally Buono.
The moves come after a disappointing season that saw the Lions finish last in the CFL's West Division at 7-11 with Buono in a dual coach/GM role.
BC had an encouraging 5-2 start to the 2017 season but injuries and inconsistent play saw the team spiral to a 2-9 finish to miss the playoffs for the first time since 1996.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
When Guy Hands' Terra Firma bought record label EMI in 2007, their private equity model so dismayed some artists that several — including The Rolling Stones — walked away. Ten years on, their model for Four Seasons care homes has proved no more successful — despite its clientele's movement being more Zimmer than Jagger.
Monday's eleventh-hour attempt by Four Seasons to defer an interest payment, and avoid administration, only highlights how inappropriate a private equity approach has been. It has resulted in the future care of 17,000 elderly residents being decided, just two weeks before Christmas, by a row between a heavily indebted Four Seasons and its creditor: distressed debt fund H/2 Capital Partners. As former pension minister Baroness Altmann put it: “Hedge funds [are] playing financial football, while fate of elderly care home residents hangs on debt restructurings.”
Terra Firma says it requested to be involved in the talks on a debt standstill with H/2, which were declined. But the very fact the situation has deteriorated to this point shows how Mr Hands' model has failed. Terra Firma wrote down its investment in the Four Seasons business two years ago, incurring a £450m loss. Now, it cannot even hand over the keys to 343 care homes to creditor H/2 because of a row over which properties are linked to its expensive debt.
This debt — some £525m worth — stems from the acquisition of Four Seasons by Terra Firma, part funded by high-yield bonds. These not only gave Four Seasons heavy debt costs, but also meant creditors would be unlikely to see advantage in any restructuring. Now, H/2, which bought the debt cheaply when Four Seasons was in difficulty, would arguably have more to gain from administration, if that meant it could take on only the better performing properties.
Terra Firma's use of high-yield debt-funding looks even more reckless in the light of multiple cost pressures: local authorities cutting payments; the living wage; pension contributions; and agency fees to cover staff shortages. Not all could have been foreseen but they still demonstrate how loading up a narrow-margin business with high fixed-cost debt is hopelessly flawed.
It is not as if there weren't warning signs. In 2009, Four Seasons' former Qatari owners were hit by the downturn and handed the business back to lenders with £1.5bn of debt. In 2011, Rival Southern Cross collapsed.
With no apparent irony, Terra Firma suggests it cannot hand over an indebted Four Seasons' to H/2 without a reassurance that the business will be run responsibly. Those sensitive to both irony and cynicism may also note that Mr Hands is currently trying to raise new funds. A high-profile administration will only remind investors of past failures. At EMI, their attempt to cut costs on “fruit and flowers” met with sniggers from those cognisant of the music industry euphemism. An outcome that means literal cuts to fruit and flowers at 300 care homes will be no laughing matter.
matthew.vincent@ft.com
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo (44) follows through on an hits an RBI double as New York Mets catcher Travis d'Arnaud watches during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo (44) runs past New York Mets catcher Travis d'Arnaud after hitting a home run during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
By MIKE FITZPATRICKAP Baseball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Anthony Rizzo has taken quite a liking to the leadoff spot.
One night after hitting a leadoff homer in their first career start atop the batting order, the Chicago Cubs' 240-pound first baseman did it again. Rizzo drove Matt Harvey's first pitch over the left-center fence at Citi Field for their 15th home run of the season Wednesday, prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout.
"I am statistically the greatest leadoff hitter of all-time," Rizzo said after the game. "I would like to retire there just to talk smack to everyone that tries to do it."
Chicago rookie Ian Happ followed with their seventh homer for a 2-0 lead over the New York Mets, who later rallied for a 9-4 victory.
Rizzo was asked about television broadcasters mentioning that they predicted their leadoff homer against Harvey before the game.
"I think that's kind of bogus that they bring out what we talk about in the dugout a lot. That's between me and my teammates and they're putting that on TV," they said. "We talk all the time here, just saying, 'Hey, it's going to be 1-0, it's going to be 1-0 again. But you can't ever predict a home run off a pitcher, especially Matt Harvey, so to put it out there, I'm not too thrilled with all that. But I was saying it before the game, messing around, being loose."
The previous night, Rizzo launched Zack Wheeler's second pitch a projected 462 feet to center, sparking a 14-3 rout of the Mets. Happ hit a grand slam off Wheeler in the second inning.
Looking to energize their slumping team, manager Joe Maddon batted Rizzo first on Tuesday - making the All-Star slugger the seventh Chicago player to hit at the top of the lineup this year.
The defending World Series champions entered Tuesday with a .306 on-base percentage from the leadoff spot, which ranked 24th in the majors.
"You just go with it. It's fun," Rizzo said Wednesday. "Obviously you go back-to-back there, it gets the clubhouse really loose. Just statistically, by the books, to lead off the game, I'm the best there ever was. Right now."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
While some groups have opted for a farewell ballad ( 2NE1 , Sistar) or by quietly going their separate ways ( 4Minute , Rainbow), the T-ara girls bring a bouncy, summery single that stands up to their past dance tracks with "What's My Name." Despite the fun feel of the glitch-pop production, the girls serve a heavy dose of melancholy as they argue and plead with a lover who has completely changed who they used to be. While the lyrics are romantic, one could argue this could also be T-ara talking to their fans and hoping they still continue to support and recognize the girls even if this is the last time they'll be seeing them in their current group.
While the accompanying music video is a gorgeous and vibrant affair with Eunjung, Hyomin, Jiyeon and Qri, lamenting on an ex, the standout visuals are the constant allusions to T-ara's lost two members. Boram and Soyeon, two of the six members in the group's original (and what would be their final) lineup, departed the outfit just weeks before the release of "What's My Name" due to contract expirations with T-ara's current record label. Yet, the ladies are honored when viewers see a row of six pencils become four, six school desks are seen with two seats flipped over, and six bottles with messages are left next to a fountain. It's clear that despite the two members' early departure, there's a bond between the six girls as rumors continue to swirl that the sextet may reunite and continue under a different company or management.
"What's My Name" is the title track from T-ara's new EP marking what is said to be their last release after nearly eight years together. The group debuted in 2009 with the single "Lie" and later blew up with their choreography- and hook–focused dance jams. The group scored a slew of chart-toppers from 2009 through 2012, and added two singers, before an alleged bullying scandal with the new members that has still yet to be proven true rocked the group in the summer of 2012 and saw the group's Korean popularity decline as they slowly whittled down to the original six-member lineup. Despite their stumble in the K-pop world, the group found continued popularity overseas in Japan and especially in China where the group is considered one of the biggest foreign acts. T-ara's international fanbase was truly felt last year when their "Tiamo" won Fuse's inaugural K-Pop Top 40 Video Countdown where their fans, known affectionately as Queen's, named them the top K-pop video of 2016.
Listen to Fuse's K-pop podcast K-Stop discuss the news of T-ara losing two members ahead of their comeback below at the 46:30 mark and look out for our hosts to review their new release on next week's episode:
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) — Police in Greensboro say a 19-month-old buy was injured in their own backyard after two dogs attacked the child.
Spokeswoman Susan Danielsen said in a statement that police were alerted to the incident after the mother called 911 Tuesday morning. Danielsen said when officers arrived, they saw two large pit bulls lying beside the boy. An officer shot and killed one of the dogs after it moved away from the toddler.
The other dog fled but was captured.
Danielsen said it's not clear who owns the dogs. They said the toddler was taken to Brenner's Children's Hospital in Winston-Salem. They said the boy is in serious condition, but their status is not life-threatening.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) leaves the field after a NFL football game between the Washington Redskins and the Dallas Cowboys at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Thursday, November 30, 2017. The Cowboys won 38-14. John F. Rhodes / Special Contributor)
Despite a two-game winning streak, the Cowboys are still in 10th place in the NFC playoff standings. ( You can check out the full standings here .)
According to the New York Times' playoff machine, the Cowboys have roughly a 6 percent chance to earn a wild-card berth. If the Cowboys were to win out, their chances jump to about 60 percent for a wild-card spot.
So whom should Cowboys fans should root for this week ? Here's the upcoming slate of games that could affect the Cowboys:
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m. (ROOT FOR BEARS)
Sunday, Dec. 17
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m. (ROOT FOR PANTHERS)
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m. (ROOT FOR RAMS)
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m. (ROOT FOR BUCS)
Dallas fans should be rooting for the Bears to beat the Lions on Saturday and the Rams to take down Seattle on Sunday. Dallas fans will likely also be rooting for Carolina to beat the Packers. Cowboy fans also should hope for Tampa Bay to beat Atlanta. Green Bay and Atlanta have the head-to-head tiebreaker over Dallas.
Here's a deeper look at the playoff picture.
Top four
1. Philadelphia Eagles (11-2)
2. Minnesota Vikings (10-3)
3. Los Angeles Rams (9-4)
4. New Orleans Saints (9-4)
Wild card
5. Carolina Panthers (9-4)
Akshay Kr. Yadav @AKY_SRKFan
#Sanju is the best film I have seen in a theater. #RanbirKapoor disappears into the character of #SanjayDutt. The film is an honest portrayal of a very controversial man. Big Salute to @duttsanjay for sharing their honest story whole heartedly & it just shows the man they are."
Venugopal @venug4sap58
"#Sanju one of the best movies seen in a long time. Ranbir's transformation is total and brilliant performance. And Vicky is the kind of actor that hindi cinema needs desperately. Great job Hirani!!!"
Priya Gupta @priyagupta999
"Ranbir...Being saying it for 7 years, May be now you will agree with me. You are our finest actor & now a bonafide superstar!!! Your portrayal as #Sanju is outstanding!!! My Best Actor Award going to you..Wanted to hug you after seeing the film!!! @RajkumarHirani @RanbirKapoorFC"
Subhash Ghai @SubhashGhai1
"Hats off n Full marks to writers @abhijatj904 n writer plus director editor @RajkumarHirani for designing a perfect screenplay of #Sanju out of a very complexed story of @duttsanjay with their two selected chapters of drug victim n jail for arms thru father n a friend prospective."
Sweta Sharma @ginni2209
"@vickykaushal09 You are the soul of #sanju. Thank you for making it worth watching."
Megha Shah Desani @MeghaShahDesani
"#Sanju, a film that leaves u wanting 4 more..@duttsanjay please don't stop the story, that's how I felt when the movie stopped reeling. Leave aside the bad stories of ur life, there is so much good to learn from this film: Good Parenting, Friendship,Value of Life, Courage."
Richard Rekhy @richardrekhy
"Saw the movie #Sanju . Hats off to #RajkumarHirani for making such an outstanding movie. #RanbirKapoor played the role of Sanjay Dutt to the hilt it came so naturally. Pedigree of the Kapoor heritage was stamped all over. Loved the last song #BabaBoltaHaiBasHoGaya."
The Revenge @TheRevenge121
"Through #Sanju, Ranbir Kapoor has raised the bar to that level where only they can reach. None of their contemporaries can even touch that bar. Now RK's performance in #Brahmastra awaits... #RanbirKapoor."
Facebook shut down as many as 30,000 fake accounts in the past week — but that's unlikely to hurt the multi-million-dollar spam industry.
In fact, since Facebook's post-election housecleaning, it's become even more lucrative for spammers to pump out "inauthentic accounts." The asking price on the black market for 1,000 fake accounts used to be $20, but security changes by the social network giant only succeeded in driving up prices.
"If you go to the underground markets where they sell fake Facebook accounts, you can buy 1,000 of these for $300 to $400," Damon McCoy, a New York University computer science professor specializing in cybercrime, told NBC News. "In terms of economics of replacing these 30,000 accounts, they took down something, but perhaps not as much as you might think."
Fake social media accounts are pumped out by programmers in places like Russia, or are registered manually by humans in “farms” in countries like India, where labor is cheap. Jason Alden / Bloomberg via Getty file
The flurry of account closing — all "users" were based in France — was an attempt by Facebook to head off interference in the French presidential election, following fierce criticism for the network's role in the proliferation of "fake news" during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
"We've made improvements to recognize these inauthentic accounts more easily, by identifying patterns of activity — without assessing the content itself," said Facebook in a statement. "For example, our systems may detect repeated posting of the same content, or an increase in messages sent."
"Going forward, the advances we have made to our detection systems will help us ... keep our platform safe," the statement continued.
Spam Farms
Prices for other fake social media accounts — which, like fake Facebook accounts, are created either automatically by programmers in places like Russia, or are registered manually by humans in "farms" in countries like India, where labor is cheap — remain low. At time of writing, one Russian account-selling site asked only $900 for 20,000 Twitter accounts with confirmed email addresses.
Related: As Many as 48 Million Twitter Accounts Aren't People, Says Study
Spammers are getting smarter as well, squeezing more money out of each individual account by moving to harder-to-detect money-making methods, like advertising revenue from the spread of false news stories.
But perhaps of greater concern are the geopolitical effects spam can now cause, said Marcus Rogers, director of Purdue University's Cyber Forensics Lab.
"For pretty much any election right now, there's this big concern there's going to be manipulation by what we would consider to be spammers and the fake news folks," Rogers said, citing allegations of cyber interference in the 2016 election and concerns over similar interference in the upcoming French presidential elections.
Traditional email spamming, which focused on selling counterfeit pharmaceuticals and scams targeted at individuals, never had that sort of impact, Rogers noted.
The Return of Email Spam
New avenues like social media had, for years, reduced the amount of spam over classic "attack vectors" like email, Rogers said. But research shows email spam is reemerging and refocusing.
Guests in the Facebook Lounge ahead of the first Republican presidential debate at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio on Aug. 6, 2015. Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg via Getty file
In technology conglomerate Cisco's 2017 Cybersecurity Report, researchers found a resurgence of email spam, which had risen to levels not seen since 2010. The spam — much of it pushed by botnets, networks of computers controlled by malicious software, usually without the owners' knowledge — accounted for 65 percent of email.
Still, global email spam volume falls short of its 2010 highs, said Jaeson Schultz, a threat researcher with Talos, Cisco's security research arm. But even at the lower volume, Talos blocks roughly 20 billion email threats each day.
"Spam, I think, is going to exist in all of these platforms," Schultz said.
But email spam has reemerged with a new focus. Now, spammers are frequently targeting businesses instead of individuals, according to the Cisco report.
These attacks often mirror classic phishing scams, where a spammer will send an email, posing as someone else, and ask a corporate executive to initiate a wire transfer, often to an international bank from which the funds are unrecoverable, McCoy said.
Related: Facebook Plans to Use Tech to Stop the Spread of Revenge Porn
Other spammers are moving away from illegal activity, into gray markets, McCoy said. Instead of attempting to sell counterfeit drugs, spammers will push unproven herbal remedies, which are most often legal, or at least unregulated. They've also taken to hiring attorneys to draw up user agreements for their would-be victims.
Keeping Up
It's not likely spam will go away anytime soon, Rogers said. Like with viruses, which have afflicted consumers and the tech industry for the last 30 years, there may not be a permanent solution to spam, and the industry might have some catching up to do.
"I would say we're about a year, year and a half behind," Rogers said. "And that's being optimistic."
While Rogers, McCoy, and Schultz all agreed that some advances against spam had been made, cooperation within the tech industry is still the key to long-term success.
"We all need to get together to be able to share information and try to combat these attacks with the idea that these folks that are trying to come in one door might try another door," Schultz said. "When you combine your resources, you really can make a difference in the security of the internet for everyone."
Brr… South Florida some areas woke up into the upper 40's this Monday!
Brr… it was chilly for South Florida. This is how we woke up this morning! pic.twitter.com/HuO2UC8jiT — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) December 11, 2017
Look for another reinforcing front to cross through dry Tuesday night into Wednesday morning. This will keep the sweater weather going through Friday ahead of yet another cold front. However, look for high pressure to slowly slide to east and into the western Atlantic Ocean over the weekend. That will allow the wind to swing off the ocean and temperatures to moderate back to seasonal values.
Have a wonderful day South Florida and make it a safe one!
Vivian Gonzalez
Meteorologist, AMS Certified
WSVN Channel 7
The prototypes will be considered for the border wall proposed by President Donald Trump.
President Donald Trump's border wall prototype project cost the San Diego County Sheriff's Department (SDSO) more than $700,000 in overtime pay, the department told NBC 7 on Thursday.
In a records request to the county, NBC 7 learned the Trump Administration's proposed border wall prototypes project cost the county $1,613,112.38. Of that total, the Sheriff's Department spent $1,429,831.
Here is where the money went, according to the County:
Salaries and Benefits $1,479,448.36 Regular $715,170.16 Overtime $764,278.20 Services and Supplies $11,101.00 Fence, K-rail & Signage $118,092.66 Environmental Consultant $2,114.78 PDS Permits $2,355.58
The records request also said SDSO staff worked roughly 10,000 overtime hours at an estimated cost of $761,000.
Money for SDSO staffing comes from the department's routine operations department, SDSO spokesperson Director Lt. Karen Stubkjaer said.
Stubkjaer said the department did not create any extra jobs as a result of the project and stressed the cost has not impacted regular patrols.
"The cost associated with staffing for the Sheriff's Department has not impeded routine operations or jeopardized the safety of the community," Lt. Stubkjaer said.
In January, NBC 7 learned the border wall prototype project cost the San Diego Police Department (SDPD) about $278,000 in overtime and other expenses for patrol in Otay Mesa.
Since their candidacy, President Donald Trump has promised to build a border wall. In late September, the administration began constructing eight prototypes in Otay Mesa.
Each prototype stands approximately 30-feet tall and 25-feet wide. There are four prototypes made entirely of concrete and four from non-concrete materials.
Construction on the wall prototypes was completed in late October.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while their Wildcats teammate Wenyen Gabriel has decided to turn pro.
The Wildcats are still awaiting Jarred Vanderbilt's decision on whether the first-year student forward will return to school or remain in the draft.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on their social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds in 37 games as a first-year student in 30 starts.
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on their Twitter account that after receiving positive feedback, their dreams of being a professional "are that much closer to reality." They averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season.
Lady Gaga is canceling their remaining Joanne world tour dates due to severe pain. The singer previously postponed the same tour dates in September 2017, and she's now made the "tough decision" to cancel them altogether.
On Saturday morning, Gaga shared a statement on their Insta that read, “Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted their ability to perform live. As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of their Joanne World Tour.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Feb 2, 2018 at 11:10pm PST
“Last night, with strong support from their medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road,” the singer continued. “She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that they cannot perform for their European fans, who have waited so patiently.”
“She is in the care of expert medical professionals who are working closely with them so they can continue to perform for their fans for years to come."
Ticket holders can request refunds starting Tuesday, Feb 6.
In Gaga's Netflix documentary, Five Foot Two, they spent a lot of time dealing with the pain from fibromyalgia, a painful disorder, which causes widespread muscle pain and tenderness, as well as fatigue, sleep, memory, and mood issues.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
When they initially postponed the concert dates, they posted an Instagram that read, “I have always been honest about my physical and mental health struggles … As I get stronger and when I feel ready, I will tell my story in more depth, and plan to take this on strongly so I can not only raise awareness, but expand research for others who suffer as I do, so I can help make a difference… I'm a fighter. I use the word suffer not only because trauma and chronic pain have changed my life, but because they are keeping me from living a normal life.”
The man who murdered a 3-year-old girl in Charlotte County will spend the rest of their life in prison.
Keith Wilson, 46, was sentenced Monday after being found guilty in October of second-degree murder.
Pilar Rodriguez went missing in 1999. Them body has never been found.
Detectives caught a break in the case in 2013 when one of Wilson's relatives came forward, admitting they saw the body of a young child in Wilson's trunk and remembered Wilson talking about the murder.
Wilson was the boyfriend of Pilar's babysitter, Melissa Harding-Jones, who pleaded guilty in 2013 of playing a role in Pilar's death.
Harding-Jones faces 30 years in prison when she's sentenced next month.
Pilar was from Hollywood, Florida, and had traveled to Charlotte County with Harding-Jones to visit Wilson.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
Photo: PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jonathan Davis is ready to go it alone.
The Korn frontman has detailed their forthcoming full-length solo debut, Black Labyrinth, set for release on May 25.
Related: Korn's Jonathan Davis Shares New Solo Song ‘What It Is'
“There's a level of enlightenment I want to achieve,” Davis explained in a press statement about the album, which was inspired by the Ganzfeld Experiment, a technique used in parapsychology which are used to test individuals for extrasensory perception.
“With all of the bulls— going, everyone is stuck on their f—ing cell phones,” Davis continued. “This takes us way out of that. No matter how hard you try to fight bad things in your life, life will be what it is. It's up to you to accept that, combat it, and move forward, or it's up to you to be in denial. Then, it becomes a thorn in your side until you finally deal with it. This is it. Just deal with it.”
See the album track list and a preview video featuring snippets from the album below.
Davis will support the new album with a tour, which launches April 6 in Portland, OR. See the full tour itinerary below.
Jonathan Davis – Black Labyrinth Track List
1. “Underneath My Skin”
2. “Final Days”
3. “Everyone”
4. “Happiness”
5. “Your God”
6. “Walk On By”
7. “The Secret”
8. “Basic Needs”
9. “Medicate”
10. “Please Tell Me”
11. “What You Believe”
12. “Gender”
13. “What It Is”
Jonathan Davis Tour Dates
4/6 – Portland, OR @ Crystal Ballroom
4/7 – Seattle, WA @ Showbox
4/9 – Vancouver, BC @ Commodore
4/10 – Spokane WA @ Knitting Factory
4/12 – Sacramento, CA @ Ace Of Spades
4/13 – Los Angeles , CA @ Belasco
4/14 – Tucson, AZ @ KFMA Day 2018
4/16 – San Diego, CA @ House Of Blues
4/18 – San Francisco, CA @ Fillmore
4/20 – Tempe, AZ @ UFEST 2018
4/21 – Albuquerque, NM @ Sunshine Theater
4/22 – Denver, CO @ Ogden Theater
4/24 – Dallas, TX @ Gas Monkey Live
4/25 – Houston, TX @ Warehouse Live
4/26 – Oklahoma City, OK @ Diamond Ballroom
5/1 – Kansas City, MO @ Truman Theater
5/4 – Milwaukee, WI @ The Rave
5/5 – Detroit, MI @ The Majestic
5/6: Chicago, IL @ House Of Blues
5/8 – Cincinnati, OH @ Bogart's
5/9 – Cleveland, OH @ House Of Blues
5/11 – Portland, ME @ Aura
5/12 – New York, NY @ Irving Plaza
5/14 – Orlando, FL @ The Plaza Live
5/15 – Atlanta, GA @ Variety Playhouse
5/17 – Silver Spring, MD @ Fillmore
5/18 – Boston, MA @ House Of Blues
SWIPE LEFT!👉🏽👉🏽 Would you have lied for your friend or told the truth? 😩
A post shared by @ thegossipwhisperer on Feb 1, 2018 at 6:09pm PST
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami/AP) — Harvey Weinstein, one a big time Hollywood movie producer, is getting their day in court.
It will be one of many.
Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein “another step closer to accountability.”
The announcement came hours after Weinstein's lawyers said he'd decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare them and “political pressure” made an indictment unavoidable.
A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesperson said the 66-year-old film producer, who has denied the allegations, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday. With a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not, their request for more time was denied, the statement said.
“Finally, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein,” the statement said.
Vance said in a statement that the Weinstein camp's “recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable.”
“We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand,” Vance said.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, they were due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and their lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said Tuesday that Weinstein was “confident he's going to clear their name” in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation “absurd,” saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case, former actor Lucia Evans, has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Residents and county officials held a candlelight memorial, Friday night, in memory of a 2-year-old boy who was fatally shot in Southwest Miami-Dade.
Carnell Williams-Thomas was killed by a stray bullet while playing in the courtyard of the Arthur Mays Villas in the Goulds neighborhood, located near Southwest 214th Street and 114th Court, Dec. 15.
Miami-Dade Commissioner Dennis Moss, Miami-Dade Police Director Juan Perez and community residents attended the memorial, held at the site of the shooting.
The boy's mother, Dorothy Williams, asked the public for help. “Please just help me 'cause I need this. I need to know what happened to my son,” they said. “To the person who did this — I know, I know it's killing you inside. I know it is because they were a baby.”
The shooter remains at large.
“Trust me when I tell you that we will make an arrest,” said Perez. “Our detectives are committed, they're dedicated to this case. This is all they do — They sleep this, they eat this, they breathe this.”
If you have any information on this shooting, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Gifts and balloons were placed near the mailbox of the home where a baby's desiccated remains were found in a piece of luggage during a drug raid. Twitter user @JoeGalliNews Twitter screenshot
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
At the request of 16th District Attorney Jennings Jones, TBI agents joined U.S. General Services Administration Office of Inspector General detectives Sept. 11 to investigate a theft allegation. During the investigation, agents developed information in July, an individual employed at a car dealership in Murfreesboro fraudulently used credit cards intended to pay for repairs to a U.S. government vehicle. Agents were able to identify the suspect as Bruce Jamar Orr, 27, of Mt. Juliet.
Agents arrested Orr on Friday in Hendersonville. They were booked in at the Sumner County Jail and has a hold on the Rutherford County charge of theft of less than $1,000. Their bond amount wasn't immediately available.
Richard Jefferson wants even more passion from the Cavaliers faithful during the 2017 postseason
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo: ‘It was a victory just get to get out there' Price after Arroyo's start: ‘I anticipate he'll be more crisp next time out' Welsh: Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed their NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
05/30/18 – 6:49 P.M.
The Findlay-Hancock Public Library wants to make sure kids keep reading now that school is out. Director Jeff Winkle explained that reading during the summer can help kids out.
Jeff Winkle
Winkle said that they will kick off the SummerRead Program on Monday.
Jeff Winkle
The kick off will be from 9:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. at the library. Aside from reading they will have several fun and engaging programs available to children.
You can get more information and check out the summer programs at findlaylibrary.org
LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) -
WHO: Whitepages Pro CEO Rob Eleveld and Senior Manager Spencer McLain will lead a session and roundtable, respectively, detailing global consumer identity data strategies to speed good customer orders through the eCommerce queue at MRC London 2017 being held in London, UK, March 24-26, 2017.
WHAT: Now that a majority of consumers can now be linked to a mobile phone number, merchants have a powerful new opportunity to use mobile data as a means to verify customer authenticity. In a session at MRC titled "Mobile as a Unique Identifier," Eleveld will detail ways retailers can leverage mobile data in their fraud strategies. Attendees will learn which mobile phone risk signals are strong indicators of fraudulent orders, how to create linkages between a mobile phone and additional identity data elements, and more.
McLain will expand on this strategy in the roundtable titled "Other Data Sources." He'll join experts from Trust Vesta and Ravelin to explore complementary data sources for fraud platforms that augment real-time or manual order reviews. Attendees will learn the benefit of a layered identity evaluation process.
Brand name retailers such as GoPro, Microsoft and Under Armour trust Whitepages Pro (booth #26) global consumer identity verification data to help ensure that customer orders are legitimate.
WHEN: The "Mobile as a Unique Identifier" session and the "Other Data Sources" roundtable are both being held Wednesday, April 26, 2017 at 14:15-15:00 BST.
WHERE: MRC London (March 24-26), Park Plaza Westminster Bridge, London, UK
About Whitepages Pro
Whitepages Pro provides businesses with global identity verification solutions that help companies identify legitimate customers, prevent fraudulent transactions, and smooth new customer account creation. The Whitepages Pro Identity Graph database, which includes more than 5 billion global identity records, delivers unparalleled coverage, accuracy, and performance in identity verification. Businesses of all sizes including Microsoft, Western Union, Under Armour, Priceline, and American Airlines use Whitepages Pro data to mitigate risk and improve the customer experience.
Whitepages and Whitepages Pro are registered trademarks of Whitepages, Inc. All other trade names, trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Now he's hoping the judge says, “No jail for you.”
see also 'Soup Nazi' exec arrested for tax evasion No tax for you! The chief financial officer for the...
The chief financial officer of Soupman Inc., a Staten Island-based chain made famous by “Seinfeld,” pleaded guilty on Monday to a nearly $600,000 tax-evasion scheme.
“I failed to collect and account for and pay for taxes,” Robert Bertrand, 63, admitted in Brooklyn federal court, laughing nervously.
The CFO was busted last May for depriving the United States of $593,971.52 in Medicare, Social Security and federal income-tax payments by failing to report cash earnings or the fact that Soupman employees were compensated with stock awards.
Bertrand appeared on edge as they pleaded guilty to one count of a 20-count indictment and waived their right to appeal.
When Judge Pamela Chen asked if he'd consumed alcohol the day before, they responded, “Yes,” but only “glasses of wine yesterday, not last night.”
Bertrand agreed to pay $78,518.18 in restitution — the amount they personally benefited from, federal prosecutors said.
They recommended they be sentenced to 24 to 33 months behind bars — but that won't be determined until April 12, 2018, when he's due back in court.
Bertrand, who lives in Norwalk, Conn., had previously pleaded not guilty to all counts, but reached a deal in November.
They were accused of not collecting taxes on more than $2.8 million in cash and stock compensation between 2010 to 2014.
“The United States was fleeced out of more than half a million dollars through the defendant's corporate misdeeds,” Bridget Rohde, acting US Attorney for the Eastern District, said in a statement at the time.
“Tax crimes like those alleged in the indictment hurt every American citizen.”
Bertrand has worked for Soupman — which was first named Soup Kitchen — since 2004.
The chain of soup shops became famous in 1995 when the “Soup Nazi” episode of “Seinfeld” aired, creating the catch phrase, “No Soup for you!”
Al Yeganeh opened the first shop in 1984 on West 55th Street, and the eatery became a hit.
Soupman now licenses the name and Yeganeh's recipes.
In June 2017, Soupman filed for bankruptcy protection, listing debts of approximately $11.8 million.
KALIBO, Aklan – The Friends of Flying Foxes (FFF) appealed to stop any activity that may destroy the remaining roost of endangered fruit bats in Barangay Yapak at the northern part of Boracay.
“They are rare. They are endemic species [of bats] in the Philippines,” said FFF president Julia Lenvik.
The area where the roost is located was bought by Mabuhay Maritime Express Transport, Inc. from Boracay Property Holdings, Inc.
Last June, a roost near the Puka Beach had been bulldozed, Lenvik said.
Mabuhay Maritime Express Transport, Inc. has a pending application for a permit to cut trees in the area, said Forester Jonne Adaniel of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) in Aklan.
The application was endorsed to the DENR regional office in Iloilo City on May 22 for review and approval, Adaniel added.
However, Mabuhay Maritime Express already trimmed trees, said Malay vice mayor Abram Sualog.
Leo Perania of Mabuhay Maritime Express Transport, Inc. said trees along the road were cut after the DENR's onsite tree inventory.
Only the locational clearance – an Environmental Clearance Certificate prerequisite – was issued to the company, said Municipal Planning and Development Office chief and zoning administrator Alma Belejerdo. (Aklan Forum Journal/PN)
TAMPA -
A new season of theater, dance, music and learning is underway at the Straz Center in downtown Tampa.
The premiere performing arts center on the eastern shore of the Hillsborough River is the epicenter for outstanding performances by professionals and amateurs.
“We inspire students to dream, reach, create and discover,” said Matthew Belopavlovich, the lead theater teacher at the Straz Center's Patel Conservatory.
The conservatory in an arts learning center for more than 70,000 students on stage, in classrooms and in the community each year. It offers classes in music, theater and dance, said Belopavlovich, who also teaches outreaches and is directing Peter Pan Jr.
Classes range from drumming at MacDill Air Force Base to screenwriting to taking a theater outreach class a Pepin Academy.
Applications are available by emailing communityprograms@strazcenter.org or go to the community programs on the PatelConvervatory.org website.
Anyone who want to take a class at Patel Conservatory also can apply for a scholarship. The center offers merit and need based scholarships.
Applications are open through April 6.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
KEY WEST, FLA. (WSVN) - Hundreds of couples spread the love on Valentine's Day by recreating an iconic kiss in Key West.
More than 250 couples gathered for Tuesday's kiss-in in front of the “Embracing Peace” sculpture depicting the famous photo of a sailor kissing a woman in New York City's Times Square, on Aug. 14, 1945, at the end of World War II.
Participants copied the kiss, locking lips and posing together to celebrate the holiday.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
With a record-setting hockey team comes a lot of fans, human and otherwise.
Last week, FOX5 met Bark-Andre Furry, named after Golden Knights goalie Marc-Andre Fleury.
On Wednesday, FOX5 talked to another social media sensation: the VGK Flamingo.
From a peaceful perch to the cold, hard ice, the former lawn ornament has a new purpose in life. Now the flamingo has a voice and mind of its own, thanks to Golden Knights season ticket holder Drew Johnson.
Johnson first threw the flamingo on the ice after a big victory against the Calgary Flames.
“After that Karlsson had a hat trick, Fleury had a shutout,” they said. “It was one of the best games of the year.”
And it's continued to be good luck through the playoffs.
Hey @VGKFlamingo thanks for chatting with us! More on this rising star ahead of Game 3 #vegasborn @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/GJoxojWL0x — Tiana Bohner (@FOX5_Tiana) May 16, 2018
“Players who touch the flamingo, Tuch, Haula, after they picked it up, they've scored the next goals,” they said.
A transplant from Nashville, Johnson said they got the idea after seeing how other fans cheered on their teams.
“When you see the great NHL teams, they have fans that people know, supporters that people follow,” Johnson said. “When you see Bark-Andre Furry and the Wolverine, it just makes people more excited, more engaged about the team.”
And FOX5 had to ask Johnson, ‘Why a flamingo?'
“It really encapsulates Vegas,” they said. “It's pretty hard to throw a showgirl over the glass so I thought a flamingo would be more appropriate.”
Known as the Victory Flamingo, they have a big following on Twitter and even their own stuffed animal.
Johnson is happy to see fans embrace the plastic bird.
“That's the best part. It's not mine. It's everybody's,” they said. “We see five or six people throwing it after every game.”
But they have one more big dream for their fowl friend.
“My ultimate goal is for the flamingo to drink out of the Stanley Cup,” they said.
Johnson said they do not get the flamingo back after they toss it on the ice. So they bought more than 100 plastic birds for future games.
The VGK flamingo does travel and will be at Game 5 in Winnipeg.
You can follow them on Twitter here: https://twitter.com/VGKFlamingo
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Share On more Share On more
If you've been watching this season of The Bachelor, you have been introduced to Bekah Martinez.
Bekah is us listening to Bekah's impersonation of Krystal! #TheBachelor
Them main defining aspects on the show, so far, have been that they give great reactions to all the drama...
And the fact that at age 22, they are much, much younger than the bachelor, 36-year-old Arie Luyendyk Jr.
But apparently, the drama in Bekah's personal life is much more complicated. In November, they were reported missing by their mother in California, and is still currently listed as missing on the attorney general's website
The bizarre story unfolded after the North Coast Journal published a cover story this week called "The Humboldt 35: Why does Humboldt County have the highest rate of missing persons reports in the state?" It examined why Humboldt has, according to the newspaper, "the highest per-capita rate of people reported missing in California."
The story was accompanied by a slideshow of all 35 people currently listed as missing in the county. One of them was Bekah, reported missing on Nov. 18, 2017.
Humboldt County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that Bekah's mother called deputies on Nov. 18 and filed a missing person's report for their daughter.
The mother told them they had last spoken to their daughter on Nov. 12.
"Martinez told their mother that they were going to work on a marijuana farm and would see them in seven to eight days," officials said in a statement.
Sheriff's officials said they followed "all leads" and the proper "procedure" to find Bekah. They also tried to contact Bekah and people who may know her, but were not successful.
On Dec. 12, Bekah's mother told officials they had heard from their daughter, who said they were on their way home.
However, sheriff's officials said they were still unable to contact Bekah, and so did not take them off the missing persons list.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Ryan Gosling is launching their new production company with a film starring their frequent collaborator Emma Stone.
The Notebook hunk has teamed up with their The Nice Guys producer Ken Kao to establish their own firm, Arcana, and they've snagged forthcoming period drama The Favourite as their first release.
The movie, from The Lobster director Yorgos Lanthimos, features Ryan's La La Land co-star Emma, alongside British actores Rachel Weisz and Olivia Colman.
The film, which is currently in production in the U.K., is based on the reign of Queen Anne, with The Night Manager star Colman portraying the former British monarch.
Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara penned the script for the project, which will be co-produced by Ceci Dempsey for Scarlet Films, and Ed Guiney and Lee Magiday for Element Pictures, according to Deadline.com.
#RyanGosling and Ken Kao (The Nice Guys) have formed a new film and TV production company called Arcana https://t.co/g0wrB31lZM — Deadline Hollywood (@DEADLINE) June 14, 2017
Ryan and Emma also previously starred together in Gangster Squad in 2013 and 2011's Crazy, Stupid, Love.
Meanwhile, Gosling and Kao, who also worked together on Terrence Malick's recent release Song to Song, have also picked up the screen rights to ghostly graphic novel The Underwater Welder, by Jeff Lemire, which is currently in development.
Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. (NYSE:ETP) announced that:
“Dakota Access, LLC (“Dakota Access”) has received an easement from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (“Army Corps”) to construct a pipeline across land owned by the Army Corps on both sides of Lake Oahe in North Dakota. The release of this easement by the Army Corps follows a directive from President Donald Trump to the Department of the Army and the Army Corps to take all necessary and appropriate steps that would permit construction and operation of the Dakota Access Pipeline, including easements to cross federal lands. With this action, Dakota Access now has received all federal authorizations necessary to proceed expeditiously to complete construction of the pipeline.”
The Dakota Access Pipeline consists of approximately 1,172 miles of new 30-inch diameter crude oil pipeline from North Dakota to Patoka, Illinois, and the Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline consists of more than 700 miles of existing pipeline that has been converted to crude oil service from Patoka to Nederland, Texas. The two pipelines (together, the “Bakken Pipeline”) are expected to be in service in the second quarter of 2017.
"The estimate is 60 days to complete the drill and another 23 days to fill the line to Patoka," a spokesperson for ETP stated. When completed, the pipeline will effectively reduce the breakeven for about 500,000 b/d of Bakken crude production by about $5/b. I expect that will stimulate production in that basin.
October production
Continental Resources (NYSE:CLR) December presentation (page 8) provides a chart that shows that its ND Bakken uncompleted wells can earn a 100% ROR with WTI prices in the low $40s. The average cost of completing DUCs is $3.5 million, as compared to full costs of $6.0 million. CLR's updated guidance says that it has 175 DUCs in the Bakken and had two simulation crews working, but planned to double that to 4 crews by end-2016. "The projected year-end Bakken uncompleted well count of 175 excludes approximately 15 wells that will have been stimulated by year-end 2016, but not produced with first sales until 2017."
EIA production data for October showed an increase in production in North Dakota of 72,000 b/d over September. It was the first meaningful increase since crude production had peaked there.
CLR completion crews
Continental Resources (NYSE:CLR) has stated that about 70% of its drilling budget there will be devoted to completing DUCs, which have a much lower breakeven than completing new wells. CLR has estimated that it can earn a 100% ROR on completing 'Drilled but Uncompleted' wells (DUCs) with WTI at $50/b.
Check back to see my next post!
Best,
Robert Boslego
INO.com Contributor - Energies
Disclosure: This contributor does not own any stocks mentioned in this article. This article is the opinion of the contributor themselves. The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice. This contributor is not receiving compensation (other than from INO.com) for their opinion.
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released their new single, “Free 99,” she's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of their Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney, Chris Young and Kip Moore. After a busy 2016, the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what's to come.
“2017 looks so fun,” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily. “I'm so excited, we're booking a bunch of shows right now. I love traveling. We're playing Stagecoach [Festival] this year, which is a dream come true for me. I love California. I'm a cowgirl at heart. So we're doing that, then I'm releasing an EP. Just new music and lots of performing.”
With 2017 in full swing, NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about them and to find out a few of their favorite things.
Favorite color?
Blue.
Favorite ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough.
Favorite flower?
Tulip. No lily.
Favorite song?
Right now, I love to listen to Jon Bellion.
Favorite movie?
The Holiday.
Favorite item of clothing?
Yoga pants.
Favorite drink?
Margarita.
Favorite food?
Mexican food.
Favorite actor/actor?
Julia Roberts.
Favorite board game?
Cards Against Humanity. Fave.
Favorite number?
Eight.
Favorite day of the week?
Sunday.
Favorite season?
Summer.
Favorite sport?
Football, just because of nachos.
Favorite scent?
Whatever lotion I'm wearing. Rose something.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
Britain's ‘booziest duck' that was last seen nursing injuries from a barroom brawl has now been pulled over by police – after being spotted in a CAR.
The bow-tie wearing bird named Star has become a local celebrity for waddling into their local pub and downing pints.
The alcohol-loving avian, whose favourite past-time is swigging ale from a glass, has got into trouble with their boozing in the past.
Last year they were seriously injured when a dog took exemption to their intoxicated antics.
But Star has now finally come to the attention of Devon and Cornwall Police who pulled them over on Saturday after they were spotted sat on the front seat.
Star and their owner Barrie Hayman, 71, were sent on their way by a bemused officer – but not before police took pictures to tweet about their unusual encounter.
Alongside the image of Star, Sgt Harry Tangye tweeted: “Officer stops a car with a duck wearing a tie, a dog and an old man in it.
“That's it. It happened. Really. It did.”
After seeing the images, eagle-eyed viewers instantly recognised Star due to their distinguishable attire.
The bird is such a regular sight in local taverns in their home town of Chumleigh, Devon, some have even given Star their own stool.
But there were fears their drinking days were behind them after an altercation with a dog after returning from their favourite watering-hole The Old Courthouse Inn in April last year.
Star came to blows and lost out to pooch Meggie – which also belongs to Star's owner Barrie – who had reportedly become tired of their drunken antics.
Grandfather-of-one Barrie said at the time: “Star pushed their luck too far and Meggie snapped – splitting Star's bottom beak right down the middle.”
Barrie, a former scuba diving instructor in Australia, lives with wife Sue, and plucked Star from the incubator in 2011 when they were just days old.
As a chick Barrie walked round with Star in their top pocket but after they grew up they developed a taste for real ale and now often goes down to the local with their owner.
Star is so well known they have a book written about them and even has their own Facebook page under the name Star Hayman.
It reads: “I am an Indian Runner Duck. My daddy is my best friend. I love wriggly worms and I follow my dad everywhere. I watch TV with him, especially rugby, and I even share their beer.”
Category: News
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The man accused of groping a young actor and then shoving them onto the subway tracks at a Greenwich Village station last week has been ordered held without bail.
Kimani Stephenson, 24, was remanded at their Manhattan arraignment Sunday night on charges of attempted murder, assault and sex abuse for the attack on Bonnie Currie, 22.
They allegedly grabbed the petite starlet's breast and crotch as they waited for a train at the 14th Street-Sixth Avenue station. After the alarmed woman told them to “F–k off,” they tossed them onto the tracks, authorities said.
There was no oncoming train, and two men lifted the shaken woman from the tracks to safety.
Currie suffered a fractured wrist, a dislocated shoulder and extensive bruising, the criminal complaint states.
Cops tracked Stephenson to a Lower East Side housing project after a neighbor recognized them from a surveillance photo and called in an anonymous tip.
Intel scraps annual IDF event as it looks beyond PCs
Don't book your tickets or hotel for this year's Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco
Credit: James Niccolai
After 20 years, Intel is scrapping its marquee annual Intel Developer Forum event, where tech enthusiasts gathered to load up on the chipmaker's news and technologies.
IDF started off in 1997 as a small event in Palm Springs, California. The show was later moved to San Francisco and vastly expanded during a boom in the PC market.
But with the PC market slowing down, the attraction of IDF has also dwindled. Intel's future isn't tied to PCs but instead to areas like data centers, autonomous cars, modems, the internet of things, and manufacturing.
Last year, IDF events were held in San Francisco and Beijing, and neither will happen this year. An event was scheduled this year from Aug. 15 to 17 in San Francisco, according to a calendar for Moscone Convention Center, but it has been canceled.
In lieu of IDF, Intel will instead hold small events, workshops, and participate in trade shows to highlight its technologies and connect with customers. Intel has a big presence every year at shows like CES, Computex, and Mobile World Congress.
Apple iPhone launches in the past have upstaged IDF San Francisco. From 2012 to 2014, iPhone launches around the time of IDF became the main topic of conversation on the show floor.
In 2011, IDF clashed with Microsoft's Build Conference being held in Anaheim, California, and Windows 8, Windows RT, and ARM chips were part of the conversation at Intel's show.
To avoid a clash with Apple's iPhone launches and other shows like TechCrunch Disrupt, Intel eventually moved IDF to mid-August in 2015.
Major PC, chip, and data-center announcements were a staple of the show, but such announcements have dwindled in the last few years.
Over the final years, IDF started losing its technical edge and became more of a marketing vehicle for the company as it expanded into wearables, drones, cool gadgets, and other devices. The company used the show to send a message that it was more than a technology company.
Intel in 2013 scrapped a popular third-day opening keynote by former CTO Justin Rattner, who showed off future-looking technologies like a solar-powered PC. It was replaced by keynotes that didn't touch on deep technology.
Privately, attendees grumbled that Intel was losing its core audience of engineers and technology specialists with its grand show of cool devices.
Intel will be able to connect to developers via trade shows and workshops, which are more targeted, a company spokesperson said.
1
A federal bill passed last June that prohibits discrimination based on gender identity or expression had been hotly contested by critics who called it a drastic restriction on free speech rights.
Now, just five months after it became law, Bill C-16 has its first big controversy — and it shows how the legislation is being misinterpreted in practice.
Lindsay Shepherd, a 22-year-old teaching assistant in communication studies at Wilfrid Laurier University, was disciplined this month by faculty for showing first-year students clips from a debate on pronouns and gender. The debate, aired on Ontario's public broadcaster TVO, involved University of Toronto professor Jordan Peterson, who's become internationally known for railing against gender-neutral pronouns as radical left-wing indoctrination.
Shepherd was called into a meeting with their supervising professor, Nathan Rambukkana, as well as another professor and an official from the university's diversity and equity office. In a recording, Rambukkana is heard telling a tearful Shepherd that they created a “toxic climate” for students by showing parts of Peterson's argument, and compared it to “neutrally playing a speech by Hitler.”
But Rambukkana goes further, telling Shepherd she's also in violation of the legal regime created by C-16.
“These arguments are counter to the Canadian Human Rights Code ever since, and I know that you talked about C-16, ever since this passed, it is discriminatory to be targeting someone due to their gender identity and gender expression,” they say.
The recording caused an outcry not only from Peterson's side, who see this as confirmation of their free speech concerns, but also from academics and legal experts who smacked their heads when they heard how C-16 was being wrongly invoked to censure Shepherd.
Here, for the record, is what Bill C-16 does and doesn't do when it comes to debates on transgender issues.
It only criminalizes extreme speech
C-16 added gender identity and expressions as a category for what counts under Canada's hate-crime laws, which include calling for genocide or wilfully inciting hatred toward an identifiable group. The categories of colour, race, religion, national or ethnic origin, age, sex, sexual orientation and mental or physical disability were already on the list of identifiable groups.
The threshold for a conviction under these laws is high, and charges can only be laid with the approval of a province's attorney general.
The bill also added the targeting of gender identity and expression as an aggravating factor in sentencing. This means that if you're convicted of an offence such as assault, the sentence can be made harsher if there's evidence you were motivated by hatred or prejudice on this basis.
It changes the federal human rights code, but this doesn't apply to university classrooms
C-16 added gender identity and expression as grounds for discrimination under the Canadian Human Rights Act, but this applies to people employed by or receiving services from federally-regulated industries, such as banks or the public service. In other words, not a university.
“The faculty member who first says that it is now contrary to Bill C-16 fails to understand the reach of the federal human rights act,” said University of Toronto law professor Brenda Cossman, who has extensively studied the legislation.
Universities instead fall under provincial codes — but the Ontario Human Rights Code has included gender identity and expression for five years now, long before Peterson gained fame for their arguments.
Could presenting Peterson's argument violate the Ontario Human Rights Code?
Nobody knows for sure, but it would be a stretch.
A workplace, housing or service provider covered by the provincial code could be forced to pay a fine or change their practices if found to be discriminating on the matter of gender identity or expression. But it's unclear how the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario would rule on a case involving pronoun use.
The Ontario Human Rights Commission, which is separate from the tribunal and focuses on education, has a policy guideline saying that “refusing to refer to a person by their self-identified name and proper personal pronoun” could constitute gender-based harassment.
But the commission also says cases involving pronouns and free speech require a balancing act.
“The Supreme Court has also found that some limits on free speech are justifiable to protect people from harassment and discrimination in social areas like employment and services,” says a document posted online. “On the other hand, decision-makers have said that freedom of expression is much less likely to be limited in the context of a public debate on social, political or religious issues in a university or a newspaper.”
Cossman strongly doubts that showing some clips as part of an academic debate would lead to a discrimination finding.
“It is hard to imagine that a court would make such a finding,” they said. “The point of showing the video was to discuss the content of the ideas, and a court would have to balance the rights to non-discrimination with the values of academic freedom and freedom of expression.”
• Email: bplatt@postmedia.com | Twitter: btaplatt
/ Front page / News
SUICIDE still remains a taboo subject and people still do not realise the extent to which it affects Fijians.
These are the words of Lifeline Fiji's program director Jeremiah Merekula in relation to the recent statistics by the National Substance Abuse Advisory Council (NSAAC) on suicide cases.
The statistics revealed that there were 124 cases of suicide recorded in 2015, with 107 attempted suicide cases.
For 2016, 102 cases were recorded for suicide and 104 for attempted suicide.
Mr Merekula said Lifeline Fiji maintained its call for attention on these alarming statistics.
"We run a 24/7 toll free crisis helpline and we know the number of calls we get hence we are not surprised by the figures as it is reflective of the number of people calling our helpline," they said.
"We continue to lose Fijians to suicide in Fiji and there is a need for increased awareness on services available and emotional wellbeing for Fijians."
According to the statistics, since 2011 to March this year, a total of 627 suicide cases had been recorded with a further 694 cases recorded for attempted suicide in the country.
"The numbers are high globally and Fiji is considered to have one of the highest rates," Mr Merekula said.
"The numbers are so high because there is absence of help seeking behaviour in Fijians and supportive community-based structures and lack of awareness on emotional wellbeing and warning signs along with copying mechanisms.
They said the organisation was working with preschool students and primary school students to promote help seeking behaviour from a very young age along with raising their awareness on warning signs of emotional distress.
"Along with this we are expanding our programs with parents to enable parents to identify warning signs and also to address emotional issues of their children and also themselves," Mr Merekula said.
Statistics show that 56 suicide cases and 97 attempted suicide cases were recorded in children from 2011 to March this year.
People seeking help can contact Lifeline Fiji on 132454.
Seacoast Banking Corp. of Florida and one of its investors, CapGen Capital Group III, are planning a secondary offering of the bank's common stock.
Seacoast in Stuart and CapGen did not disclose how many shares would be sold or how much could be raised in the offering. CapGen, which was a vocal critic of Seacoast's management through part of last year, owns almost 20% of the bank.
1. Oregon is back: On Wednesday, Oregon put the nation on notice.
The Ducks rallied late to knock off No. 2 UCLA on Matt Court thanks Dillon Brooks, Eugene's resident all-american, hitting a game-winning three with 0.7 seconds left. Two nights later, with No. 22 USC coming to town, Brooks looked every bit the part of an all-american, as they scored 28 points on 10 shots, hitting all four of their threes as the Ducks steam-rolled the Trojans, who had entered Friday night undefeated.
That was Oregon's statement, their warning to the rest of the country that their early season struggles and health issues were behind them.
I was as high as anyone on the Ducks back in September, but I was in the same boat as everyone else after they lost to Baylor and lost to Georgetown and struggled to beat the likes of Boise State and Alabama and UConn. I wasn't going to believe in the Ducks as a title contender until they proved they can be a title contender.
They did that this weekend.
Which means that I'm back on board.
2. The ACC was really weird this weekend: And it doesn't look like that is going to change anytime soon.
Let's start with the obvious: Each of the top four teams in the league took a loss during the first week of conference play. No. 6 Louisville lost at home to No. 12 Virginia, who proceeded to lose at home to No. 20 Florida State. No. 5 Duke got blown out at Virginia Tech, a lot that should tell you there are more issues in Durham than just Grayson Allen's tripping problems. No. 9 North Carolina lost at Georgia Tech, who, along with Boston College, were supposed to be the league's bottom-feeders this season.
Should I mention that Boston College blew out Syracuse on Sunday?
And frankly, this is probably going to be the norm in that conference this season. The teams we all thought were going to struggle to win more than a couple of league games, Boston College and Georgia Tech, both look much more dangerous than they did a month ago. Duke, the juggernaut that was supposed to truck-stick everyone opponent they faced, is clearly at a crossroads of their season. UNC, UVA and Louisville all have flaws. Florida State and Notre Dame are beatable.
The kicker? There are 12 teams in the league that are good enough to push for an at-large berth. It's the most cliché piece of coach-speak there is, but there are no easy games or off-nights in the ACC this season.
RELATED: Player of the Week | Team of the Week | Five Takeaways
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
3. Is Louisville the best team in the league?: I know this sounds crazy five days after Louisville got embarrassed at home by Virginia, but the thing to remember with Louisville is that Virginia is just about the worst possible matchup for them. Styles make fights in college hoops, and what Louisville does well gets taken away by what Virginia is the best in the country at.
And considering that, in the last two weeks, Louisville sandwiched that loss to Virginia with a win over Kentucky and a win over Indiana in Indiana, it's hard to ignore the fact that this team is peaking. Quentin Snider played the best game of their career in the win over Kentucky. Donovan Mitchell played the best game of their career in the win over the Hoosiers. Deng Adel was very good in both. The early-season struggles of those three players is why there are doubts about the Cardinals.
Should I mention that as Louisville is starting to peak, Duke is a mess and North Carolina is losing to Georgia Tech?
Honestly, I think the correct answer is that there isn't a “best team in the ACC”, but Louisville has as good of a chance to win the regular season title as anyone.
4. The Big Ten was weird this weekend, too: It wasn't quite as weird as the ACC was, but after the first week's worth of Big Ten games it's pretty clear that the league is going to be tougher to peg than we thought. It starts with Nebraska, who entered league play having lost six of their last eight games and who will enter next week having won at Indiana and at Maryland, two teams that look like they'll be in the NCAA tournament in March. Then there is Minnesota, who had a 12-1 record during non-conference play and proceeded to lose to an under-manned Michigan State team at home in overtime before beating No. 15 Purdue on the road in overtime.
Wisconsin is quiet clearly the best team in the Big Ten, but before this weekend, I think most observers would have told you that Purdue and Indiana aren't all that far behind the Badgers. Maybe that's wrong.
5. Is it time to start calling Villanova the favorite to win it all?: Our Travis Hines was in Omaha for that game and penned an excellent column on this very subject. I won't totally repeat it here, but I will say this: The freshmen at Duke, Kentucky and UCLA have been as hyped as any freshmen class in recent memory; rightfully so, those dudes are awesome. Baylor has been celebrated because of the fact that no one saw this coming. North Carolina is North Carolina and played the most entertaining game of the year in the most watched game of the year against Kentucky.
And all the while, Villanova just keeps winning.
Yes, they're the reigning champs. Yes, they have a National Player of the Year favorite on their roster. Yes, they're No. 1 in both polls.
But they never seem to be the trendy team, the popular pick to win it all, the favorite among the “experts” in this business. It may be time to change that, because if Villanova's win at No. 10 Creighton taught us anything, it's that know team in the country understands how to win better than the Wildcats. They're cool, calm and collected in pressure moments. They don't rush. They don't panic. They don't force shots.
They execute.
They just win.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Jerica Starkweather, left, and Randall Lorenz met for the first time in January in Eagle. Because of similarities in their DNA, the two think they are related. Darin Oswald doswald@idahostatesman.com
The U.S. antitrust trial against AT&T Inc.'s proposed takeover of Time Warner Inc. opened with clashes over whether the Justice Department should be allowed to introduce internal company documents that it claims contain “startling” admissions.
U.S. District Judge Richard Leon is weighing arguments from the department's antitrust division and AT&T about the standards for allowing the documents as evidence in the trial, which began Monday in federal court in Washington.
The dispute could be key to the government's argument that the Time Warner takeover should be blocked on antitrust grounds. In merger lawsuits, antitrust officials often rely on emails and internal memos, known as “hot docs,” in which employees make damaging statements that support the government's case that a deal is a threat to competition.
Justice Department attorney Eric Welsh told the judge on Monday that the emails in question contain “startling” admissions by employees and that it was up to the companies to “explain away” what is said in them.
Opening Arguments
The conflict over the exhibits is occurring before opening arguments that are scheduled for Wednesday. At the trial, expected to last up to eight weeks, the Justice Department will try to make its case that AT&T's $85 billion takeover of Time Warner should be blocked because it will lead to higher prices for consumers. It is the first major antitrust case brought under President Donald Trump and its outcome could influence how the U.S. reviews mergers of any two companies in similar industries.
A government loss could open the floodgates to a wave of such tie-ups, known as vertical mergers. It will also mean a thumbs up or down for AT&T's answer to the mounting threat the pay-TV industry confronts in online video giants such as Netflix Inc. and Amazon.com Inc.
If the grand design of AT&T's Chief Executive Officer Randall Stephenson prevails, the telecom company will emerge as an entertainment giant, with movies, TV and news to feed its 119 million mobile, internet and video customers. Stephenson and Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes are expected to testify.
Read more: Why More Than Just AT&T-Time Warner Deal Is on Trial: QuickTake
AT&T attorney Daniel Petrocelli pushed back against the department's move to introduce the company documents, saying the government needs to meet the standards for introducing them at trial. Many are from low-level employees with little authority, they said, citing 18 government-offered records that they said were generated by a recent business school graduate with no say over the deal.
Welsh and Petrocelli also clashed over whether the court should consider documents detailing DirecTV's opposition to Comcast Corp.'s acquisition of NBCUniversal, also a tie-up between a content company and a distributor. Comcast acquired NBCUniversal under a settlement agreement with the Justice Department years before DirecTV was sold to AT&T.
Petrocelli told Leon that AT&T can't be held accountable for statements made by DirecTV before it was acquired. They said the Justice Department only named DirecTV as a defendant in the Time Warner case for the purpose of introducing the contested documents.
“DirecTV has no business being a defendant in this case,” Petrocelli said. “They're not acquiring anything. They're not selling anything.”
Harmful Effects
Welsh said statements made by DirecTV about the harmful effects of the Comcast deal undercut AT&T's position that the Time Warner deal should be approved.
While Leon didn't rule on the issue, they told the government's lawyer, “You must distinguish between what you want and what you need,” adding, “Do you need this? Because it may be more trouble than it's worth.”
The trial will feature testimony from AT&T competitors who will discuss negotiations with Time Warner for programming, the importance of content from the company's Turner Broadcasting division, which includes CNN, and their concerns that AT&T's takeover will raise costs, Welsh said.
Petrocelli dismissed those views as prognostication. “It's all speculation about what could happen,” they told Leon.
The case is U.S. v. AT&T Inc., 17-cv-2511, U.S. District Court, District of
Columbia (Washington).
Dallas Cowboys cornerback Orlando Scandrick (32) during warmups prior to the start of a game against the Arizona Cardinals at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona on Monday, September 25, 2017. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
Sources told SportsDay's Brandon George on Monday that Scandrick has signed a two-year deal with the rival Washington Redskins worth up to $10 million.
Orlando Scandrick is gone from the Cowboys, but he's staying in the NFC East.
Former Cowboys CB Orlando Scandrick wasn't free long after Dallas released them Saturday at their request. He's signing a 2-year, $10 million deal today with the Washington Redskins, per source. So Dallas will still see a lot of him.
Scandrick was released Saturday, a move they asked the Cowboys to make.
Scandrick had requested their release a week ago, asking to be put on the open market before free agency began at 3 p.m. Wednesday.
The Cowboys didn't release them immediately in hopes of possibly gaining some type of compensation for Scandrick in a trade.
The Cowboys plan to designate Scandrick a post-June 1 cut, so that will free up $3 million in salary cap space this year, a source said, but he'll count $1.6 million against the cap in 2019. The Cowboys can't use the $3 million in cap space until June.
Scandrick was signed for two more seasons through 2019. They were owed base salaries of $3 million and $4 million over the next two seasons, with salary cap hits of more than $5 million in both 2018 and 2019.
Scandrick, 31, has spent their first 10 seasons in the NFL with the Cowboys, establishing themselves as a starter in 2013. Scandrick was the Cowboys' best cornerback in recent seasons, especially strong in the nickel role.
But the Cowboys went young at the position last year, using their second- and third-round picks to draft Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis, respectively. That, in addition to their decision this offseason to move starting safety Byron Jones back to cornerback, didn't leave much room for Scandrick.
The Cowboys used a fifth-round pick to draft Scandrick out of Boise State in 2008. Ever since then, they played with a chip on their shoulder because they felt overlooked and undervalued. They finish their Cowboys' career with 406 tackles, eight interceptions, 63 pass breakups and 11 1/2 sacks.
Scandrick said in December they thought the Cowboys had fully committed to Awuzie and Lewis and saw the writing on the wall, saying they didn't want to all of a sudden play limited snaps or even be inactive.
Wales made a flying start to the NatWest 6 Nations as they blew Scotland away 34-7 in Cardiff.
The Scots, without a win in the Welsh capital since 2002, never recovered from conceding tries inside the first 12 minutes to Wales scrum-half Gareth Davies and full-back Leigh Halfpenny.
Halfpenny claimed a second touchdown after half-time and added four conversions and two penalties for a 24-point haul, before wing Steff Evans' try secured a five-point maximum as Scotland's recent resurgence came to a grinding halt.
Substitute back Peter Horne scored a consolation 79th-minute try for Scotland that Finn Russell converted, but the damage had long been done.
Wales' triumph marked Warren Gatland's 10th anniversary as head coach in style, although bigger challenges now await in the shape of reigning Six Nations champions England at Twickenham next weekend, then Ireland at the Aviva Stadium.
Despite their injury troubles, Wales hardly missed a collective beat.
They repeatedly rocked Scotland back on their heels through outstanding performances from the likes of lock Cory Hill, flankers Aaron Shingler and Josh Navidi, plus Rhys Patchell on their first Test start as fly-half.
Scotland, in contrast, lost all the the key battles, struggling up front and not being able to shackle Wales' broken-field runners on what was a sobering occasion for them.
Attacking forces like full-back Stuart Hogg and centre Huw Jones could not get into the game, and Wales were never seriously troubled on an afternoon when scoreline emphatically summed up their degree of dominance.
Wales launched their Six Nations campaign minus nine injured front-line players - a list of absentees that included star names like Sam Warburton, Jonathan Davies, Taulupe Faletau, Dan Biggar and Rhys Webb - while Scotland had major front-five issues, being without their leading props and second-row talisman Richie Gray.
Wales's Josh Adams is tackled by Byron McGuigan of Scotland
The home side struck first through a 60-metre breakaway score when Gareth Davies caught their opposite number Ali Price's pass and sprinted clear.
Wales then sacrificed a kickable penalty for an attacking scrum, and then making it pay as they exposed Scotland defensively and Halfpenny claimed their first Wales try for five years, before their conversion made it 14-0 after 12 minutes.
Wales began the second period in untroubled mode, as two Halfpenny penalties during a five-minute spell took them 20 points clear before Scotland boss Gregor Townsend made a triple substitution, including an appearance for scrum-half and former Test captain Greig Laidlaw.
Dejected Scotland players
But it made no difference to the overall picture as Halfpenny went over for their second try, adding the conversion to end things as a contest and confirm Townsend's Six Nations coaching debut as one to forget.
Steff Evans then sealed the deal through a spectacular diving one-handed finish, with Halfpenny's conversion ending Scottish misery and sending Wales to London next Saturday in confident mood.
The fate of a Hawick school is to be sealed this week.
A full meeting of Scottish Borders Council on Thursday is to consider a report recommending the closure of St Margaret's RC Primary School.
Councillors are advised that the primary should shut and its pupils switch to other non-denominational schools nearby.
The Buccleuch Terrace site has capacity for 100 children, but its current roll is 14, with no pupils enrolled in primary one for the current academic year.
During consultation over the move, parents said they were happy with the learning provision at St Margaret's but voiced concerns regarding the challenges their children faced with integration into the wider community.
An officers' report concludes that while closing the school would mean there is no longer any denominational education provision in Hawick, there would be education and inclusion benefits for children attending their local catchment school.
The council has drawn up a programme to provide religious instruction for the St Margaret's pupils.
If you're already a subscriber, you're all set! Simply log in or register to access.
Returning Members:
Already have a subscription, but don't have a login?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption White nationalists gathered on Friday at the University of Virginia, ahead of the "Unite the Right" rally on Saturday
Far-right white nationalists who attended rallies this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, did not cover their faces as they marched around with lit torches, chanting slogans like "you will not replace us".
But they are now facing an online backlash, as Twitter users identify and denounce them.
Petitions have been launched to have them kicked out of universities and sacked from their jobs.
Cole White, one of those who attended the rally has now reportedly been fired by their employer - the Top Dog hotdog restaurant chain in Berkeley, California.
The sacking came after they were identified by Yes, You're Racist, a Twitter user who has been publicly naming and shaming those who attended the rally under the hashtag #ExposetheAltRight.
Meanwhile, Peter Cvjetanovic, a 20-year-old student who was captured in one of the most widely shared photos, has defended their right to attend the "Unite the Right" rally, which centred around opposition to the removal of a statue of Civil War General Robert E Lee.
The rally descended into violence between white supremacists and counter-protesters.
Image copyright Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Image caption Peter Cvjetanovic: "I'm not an angry racist"
One woman was killed when a car drove into a crowd of counter-protesters, and US President Donald Trump has come under criticism for failing to explicitly condemn white extremist groups, including neo-Nazis.
Mr Cvjetanovic, who was also identified by Yes, You're Racist on Twitter, told local Nevada TV station KTVN Channel 2 that they understood an image of them that spread widely "has a very negative connotation".
They added: "But I hope that the people sharing the photo are willing to listen that I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Marissa Blair, a friend of the victim, says the Charlottesville car attack was an "act of terror"
The self-described white nationalist said they attended the march to send a message that "white European culture has a right to be here just like every other culture". People like him, they said, "just want to preserve what we have".
They say they have received death threats.
Soon after they were identified on Twitter, a photo surfaced appearing to show them with Dean Heller, a Republican Senator from Nevada, alongside other students.
Mr Heller then distanced themselves from the controversy.
Mr Cvjetanovic is an undergraduate student at the University of Nevada, Reno, which is now facing calls to expel him. A petition has gathered 6,500 signatures.
The university has released a statement, which did not name him, but said "racism and white supremacist movements have a corrosive effect on our society".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Vigils and marches were held on Sunday in different US cities
It noted, however, that the university respects the peaceful exchange of different views and civil debate.
The calls to have the white nationalist protesters - many of whom were young men - punished for their role in the rally is likely to add fuel to debates about free speech, especially on university campuses.
Mr Cvjetanovic says that if the university expels them it would be a "clear violation" of their first amendment rights.
The fall-out from the events in Charlottesville has also seen web hosting company GoDaddy expel neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer, after it ran an article denigrating Heather Heyer, the woman who was killed on Saturday.
In a related development, so-called Anonymous hackers appear to have taken control of the Daily Stormer website.
A post on the website's front page says it was hacked "in the name of Heather Heyer a victim of white supremacist terrorism" and will be shut down "permanently".
Meanwhile, a brand of "tiki torches" has distanced itself from marchers who wielded the outdoor lamps.
"We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way," TIKI Brand said in a Facebook post.
UK employment hits record high at end of 2016
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gonzaga outfielder and cleanup hitter Branson Trube, a Mountain View High grad, rounds first base during the West Coast Conference baseball tournament last week in Stockton, Calif. Kyle Terada West Coast Conference
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An adventurer, author and fundraiser is embarking on their latest project to help others with mental illness.
Kelsall's intrepid Alex Staniforth will be leading a new outdoor experience weekend aimed at supporting those facing mental illness by encouraging them to move ‘mind over mountains'.
Based in Cumbria's Lake District National Park, their project will bring the benefits of hill-walking to managing mental and physical health challenges, allowing people to ‘step back and return home more resilient and confident'.
The organisers believe that by climbing mountains, everyone can put their ‘minds over mountains' with ‘no pressure, no expectations, no worries'.
Alex points out that one in four people in the UK now experience a mental health condition each year according to the charity Mind.
Those taking part will walk two of the best-loved UK mountains, Skiddaw and Blencathra, whilst staying at the highest bunkhouse in the British Isles, the YHA Skiddaw Bunkhouse at 1.550 feet which is three and a half miles from the nearest road, only accessible on foot and without mains electricity.
The inclusive weekend will also feature coaching, workshops, talks and outdoor team activities all aimed at developing mental resilience and confidence to boost mental wellbeing.
Alex will be joined by fellow Kelsall resident and coach Chris Spray who will run workshops on an alternative therapy which seeks to help people with their self-awareness and effective communication.
The group will also take away outdoor survival skills and mindfulness from Cheshire outdoor bushcraft instructor Mike Henshall.
Alex, 22, says they are continuing their work to support those with mental health after a record-breaking challenge last year saw them climb all 100 UK county tops in a self-titled challenge ‘Climb The UK' of walking, cycling, running and kayaking over 5,000 miles in 72 days.
In raising over £25,000 for Young Minds UK they also won the Pride of Britain Granada Reports ‘Fundraiser of the Year'.
Openly sharing their own struggle with depression, anxiety and eating disorders, Alex said: “Outdoor challenges have been the solution to my own mental health battles so I'm very excited to be working with Adventure Uncovered to help others harness the power of the outdoors for themselves.
“We couldn't have a better place for this than the stunning Lake District. Mental illness can feel like an uphill battle but one I believe can be fought with uphill effort.”
Adventure Uncovered founder James Wight commented:“We're delighted to be working with Alex, a true leader and role model at only the age of 22, especially as I am connected to Cheshire through my own family.
“The weekend promises to be not only adventurous and physically challenging but also supporting more conversations and openness around mental health and social awareness in a comfortable and compassionate environment.”
Places are limited to 20 on a first-come-first-served basis. To sign up or find more details, visit www.adventureuncovered.com/mind-over-mountains .
Alex has made two attempts to climb Mt Everest and completed numerous endurance challenges. Their debut book ‘Icefall' on their attempts to climb Everest was published in March 2016.
Little old lady remembers the fourth
Last Updated: June 29, 2018 at 5:20 pm
This day used to be a time of watermelon eating contests and fireworks and picnics with ham and deviled eggs. And everybody's house had a flag flying in the yard. Now, it is just another day to go to the lake and ride the kids on inner tubes and skis.
Respect for the flag and love of our country is not something taught in the schools anymore. It is true we are called the “melting pot” of nations to the world, but when others cross our shores, they should want to feel the same enthusiasm for our way of life and the symbols we use to show it.
In this vein, I offer my thoughts in my poem about the love of my country:
“They stand beside me in the shadows of the hallways of my past. These bits and pieces of my DNA.
They guard me from the sorrows and yet teach me of the pain, that loss of life that freedom costs. For whom we pray.
And my great-grands taught me about the love of land and life, the heart's sacrifice for freedom land.
For this land's people shall still feel the same strong courage of the freedom loving heart. And so we stand.
As the music swells and the flag flies high, there shows my heart's love, our Stars and Stripes.
Just that alone.
The Red and White with Blue of sky ripples high.
No matter where our feet may move, these colors stand for sweet America, our home.”
I pray that the holiday is a safe one, for all, and that someone, somewhere, is helping our children and strangers from a foreign land learn what freedom truly means and how to love America.
Many years ago, a lovely singer on the radio, Miss Kate Smith, used to sing as their goodbye the following song:
“God bless America, land that I love,
stand beside them and guide them
through the night
with the Light
from above…….from the mountains,
to the prairies, to the oceans white with foam,
God bless America, our home sweet home.”
To all who are feeling patriotic this holiday, I offer the same to you.
GOD BLESS AMERICA.
God loves you and so do I.
HDFC Bank to organize Digital Literacy Camps in 100 colleges in Odisha
Report by Odisha Diary bureau, Bhubaneshwar: HDFC Bank Ltd., to organize Digital Literacy Camps in 100 colleges in Odisha. As part of the initiative, HDFC bank to educate more than 15,000 college students in Odisha on the benefits of going cashless by conducting transactions through digital mode.
As part of this awareness initiative, HDFC Bank officials will demonstrate through a presentation the various transactions that can be easily, quickly, and safely conducted through NetBanking, Mobile Banking, USSD, PoS, and apps such as HDFC Bank's Mobile app, UPI, and PayZapp. The awareness programme will also cover the best practices, tips, and tricks, to be followed while conducting transactions through the digital channels.
In the state of Odisha, HDFC Bank has Payment Gateway partnerships with over 25 government and educational institutions, where residentscan pay taxes, fees, utility bills, and donations, among other things using any debit and credit card. These include Odisha State Road Transport Corporation, Odisha Tourism Development Corporation,National Institute of Technology, Government ITI College, Shree Jagannath Temple Trust, Nandankanan Zoological Park, various Municipal Corporations, Schools, Universities, and Recreation Centres.
HDFC Bank is happy to reach out to college students in Odisha. College students are quick learners. If educated on how to transact using digital channels, they can adapt quickly and also teach several others, thus helping people of Odisha #GoDigital,” said Mr. Debashis Senapati, Zonal Head - Odisha, HDFC Bank.
HDFC Bank has a suite of products to help customers #GoDigital. Customers can use PayZapp, Mobile Banking app, NetBanking, Missed Call Mobile Recharge, and Phone Banking, among others. HDFC Bank's Netbanking portal and official mobile app allow customers to perform over 205 and 85 different types of transactions, respectively. The Bank's PayZapp is a complete payment solution that allows customers to top-up mobile phone, transfer money instantly, pay utility bills,buy grocery, movie tickets,and even big-ticket purchases such as foreign holidays.This is in addition tothe Bank's ‘Missed Call Mobile Recharge' offering, which allows customers and their family to recharge mobile by giving just a missed call.
Other digital offerings of HDFC Bank include instant personal loan at ATMs,10 seconds personal loan on netbanking, and 30 minute paperless auto loan using Biometric technology.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The State Department says it has received “a handful of reports” from American citizens who say they've experienced symptoms similar to those in attacks of U.S. government workers in Havana. But the U.S. isn't vouching for those reports.
The United States last week issued a travel warning that urges American travelers to stay away from Cuba. The warning said attacks on government personnel have occurred in Havana hotels and the U.S. can't make sure that Americans who stay at hotels wouldn't be harmed.
A State Department official says in the days following the travel warning, some citizens reported having similar symptoms after traveling to Cuba. The official says the U.S. government has “no way of verifying” whether they were harmed by the same attacks that have targeted government employees.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Households offered first time-of-use energy tariff
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Booth Number: 5580, Level 1
HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - The Weirds, a new toy line and brand that revels in the unique, different and original, announced today that it will be showcasing The Weirds' products at this year's Toy Industry Association Toy Fair in New York City, February 18-21. The fun will be on display in Booth 5580, Level I in the Pop Stop Section of the show. Every product in The Weirds line-up celebrates the differences in one another, and encourages everyone to, "Embrace Your Weird."
"At last year's Toy Fair, we launched the concept of The Weirds and introduced our toys to an incredible audience. This year, we are not only back with our Weirds characters, we are growing our brand and creating impact with the announcement of two major partnerships -- with Sentai Filmworks and the Bruce Lee Foundation," said The Weirds' owner and creator Chris Hawley. "It's been an amazing year of growth and we will continue the momentum with Sentai and the Bruce Lee Foundation in celebrating and encouraging individuality and uniqueness!"
At the 2016 Licensing Show in Las Vegas, The Weirds brand was named a finalist in License Global Magazine's, "One to Watch" Brand Award. At Toy Fair, The Weirds will be highlighting awesomely odd plush characters, each retailing for $29.99. Each character is designed with bright, hard-to-miss colors, fun patterns, and -- most importantly -- diverse personality traits.
Character Details:
El Loco and Guapo: When not in the ring, Mexican wrestlers El Loco and their tag team partner, Guapo the mustache, like climbing Mt. Everest, Bigfoot hunting, and zip-lining.
When not in the ring, Mexican wrestlers El Loco and their tag team partner, Guapo the mustache, like climbing Mt. Everest, Bigfoot hunting, and zip-lining. Ms. E: This girly girl of the group loves Monster trucks and Grilled Cheese Sandwiches. In fact, they once held the world record for most sandwiches eaten in one sitting -- 29!
This girly girl of the group loves Monster trucks and Grilled Cheese Sandwiches. In fact, they once held the world record for most sandwiches eaten in one sitting -- 29! Bonez: The mega-chill Weird is not much for exercise or excitement. They like to spend their days on the couch watching '90's sitcoms, playing games on their phone, and checking out local bands.
The mega-chill Weird is not much for exercise or excitement. They like to spend their days on the couch watching '90's sitcoms, playing games on their phone, and checking out local bands. Fab Ric: Ric's made from ... well ... fabric. Not just any ol' fabric, it's totally colorable. Create your very own, one-of-a-kind Weird with this blank canvas!
The Weirds plush characters, along with other branded merchandise, including an original 40+ page coloring book with a fold-out poster, T-shirts, buttons, and stickers, will be available at Toy Fair, various independent retailers, as well as online at TheWeirds.com, with support from Sentai Filmworks.
In January 2017, The Weirds announced its partnership with Sentai Filmworks and the Bruce Lee Foundation. The partnership with The Bruce Lee Foundation is a collaborative effort to educate and encourage kids on the importance of being themselves in today's world. Sentai Filmworks supports The Weird through social media and their website.
For more information:
Toy Fair Booth : 5580, Level 1 in the Designer toy Pop Stop section
: 5580, Level 1 in the Designer toy Pop Stop section The Weirds: website, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube channel.
About The Weirds
The Weirds are a collection of original characters that are anything but normal. They're awesomely odd, born to promote individuality. The Weirds world is simple -- be unique, be different, be you ... be Weird! Weird people are the risk takers, the explorers and the innovators. Our message that "Normal is lame, embrace your weird" is one that many people, and kids believe ... so let's celebrate it. Let your weird roam the countryside and crazy dance when your favorite song comes on. Let it make odd faces in the mirror while fixing your hair. You've got it in you...set it free! So join the movement, and let's ALL get WEIRD! For more information, visit www.theweirds.com.
DETROIT (AP) — A doctor was charged Thursday with performing genital mutilation on two young Minnesota girls who traveled to Michigan with their mothers, the first federal prosecution of what the government describes as “horrifying acts of brutality.”
Dr. Jumana Nagarwala was arrested after the 7-year-olds identified them as the person who performed procedures on them in February at a clinic in suburban Detroit, according to the FBI.
Nagarwala heard the allegations during a brief appearance in U.S. District Court and was returned to jail to await another hearing Monday. Prosecutors want to keep them locked up without bond.
Defense attorney Shannon Smith declined to comment to reporters. In a court filing, the FBI said many more girls have told investigators that Nagarwala performed procedures on their genitals.
“Despite their oath to care for their patients, Dr. Nagarwala is alleged to have performed horrifying acts of brutality on the most vulnerable victims,” said Kenneth Blanco, acting U.S. assistant attorney general.
Female genital mutilation of minors is illegal in the U.S. unless there's a legitimate health reason. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Detroit said it's the first case of its kind to be prosecuted in federal court.
The FBI said Nagarwala, 44, is a member of a cultural community that believes in the practice but that they denied performing it when interviewed by agents.  They are charged with genital mutilation, making false statements and other crimes.
A winter glove belonging to one of the 7-year-old girls was found at the Livonia clinic. The parents of that child told investigators they took them to Michigan to see Nagarwala “for a ‘cleansing' of extra skin,” FBI agent Kevin Swanson said.
The government didn't disclose the name of the suburban clinic. Nagarwala apparently doesn't work there regularly.
The World Health Organization said the practice of removing or injuring female genital organs has no known health benefits. Yet it has been performed on more than 200 million women and girls in 30 countries, according to the group.
“It reflects deep-rooted inequality between the sexes and constitutes an extreme form of discrimination against women. It is nearly always carried out on minors and is a violation of the rights of children,” WHO says on its website.
Nagarwala, a 1998 graduate of Johns Hopkins medical school in Baltimore, has been placed on leave at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit where they are an emergency room doctor. Online records show no history of discipline by state regulators.
“The alleged criminal activity did not occur at any Henry Ford facility. We would never support or condone anything related to this practice,” hospital spokesperson David Olejarz said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KINSTON, N.C. (WNCT) – The Lenoir County Sheriff is looking for a person of interest in an August 2nd armed robbery of the Bonus Spins Internet Cafe.
It's located on Highway 258 N.
Major Ryan Dawson said Christopher Donnel Brinson has outstanding warrants and is wanted by the sheriff's office.  They are from Goldsboro and wanted for robbery with a dangerous weapon and possession of a firearm by a felon.
On August 7th, detectives arrested Raymond Barnes of Wilson, charging them with conspire to commit robbery with a dangerous weapon, robbery with a dangerous weapon and accessory after the fact.
Barnes was arrested by Wilson Police and the US Marshal's Service, and placed under a $50,000 bond.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- A Shawnee Mission School will soon become a center for families with troubled kids.
The Shawnee Mission School District plans to open a therapeutic day school in the Former Arrowhead Elementary School at 66th and Santa Fe Drive this summer.
Several school districts across the metro run therapeutic day schools, but this will be the first one in the Shawnee Mission School District
"I want to say first of all, we believe all means all," Deputy Superintendent Kenny Southwick said. "So we are going to provide high-quality programs in the Shawnee Mission School District for our brightest students, and we are going to provide the highest quality for the lowest kids who have challenges as well, and everyone in between."
Currently, many students with severe emotional or mental health issues are placed outside of the school district for help. The deputy superintendent says this can be both expensive and make it difficult for parents to be involved.
"As we work with students, we are primarily going to focus obviously on the educational needs that they have, the social and emotional needs that they have," Southwick said. "We want to wrap around therapy not only around those students, but also around their families in the community that they live in."
The proposal will transform this building to accommodate between 60 to 70 students.
"The day they come in we are writing an exit plan," Southwick said. "It's not a terminal placement. So we sit down and say here's where we are here's where we want to be and we're going to start to work and get those kids ready so they can be back into the mainstream school."
Plans started in 2014 to focus not just on educational needs, but also social and emotional.
Administrators say they will help students at all grade levels, but their goal is to get the kids ready to be back into the mainstream school.
Currently there are about 300 students at Arrowhead Elementary School. They will all be moved to the new Crestview Elementary school off Shawnee Mission Parkway.
The U.S. Drought Monitor map shows most of Texoma in a severe drought as of December 5, 2017. (Western Regional Climate Center)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) -- Forecasters say windy, dry conditions could create dangerous wildfire conditions for much of Arkansas and northern Oklahoma on Monday.
A red flag warning is in effect through 6 p.m. Monday. That means that fires can spread rapidly, and people should avoid any outdoor burning.
The National Weather Service in Little Rock says wind gusts of 20 mph or more are possible Monday. That, combined with low humidity levels and drought conditions in the state, raises the risk of wildfires.
Unseasonably warm temperatures are also expected with some areas predicted to reach the low 70s on Monday.
In Oklahoma, the red flag warning is in effect for approximately the northern third of the state. Forecasters there say wind gusts of 30 mph or more are possible.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Following a spirited run at Bay Hill, Tiger Woods remains the favorite in the latest update for the 2018 Masters.
The Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook lists Woods at 8/1 odds, in line with their figure when they shot up the board on Thursday at the Arnold Palmer Invitational. Woods, who is scheduled to make just their second Masters outing since 2013, finished T-5 at the API last weekend for their third consecutive top-12 showing.
Rory McIlroy, who left Bay Hill with the API crown, jumped from 18/1 to 10/1, a number second only to Tiger. Though McIlroy has never won a green jacket, he's finished inside the top 10 in their last four appearances at Augusta National. Also at 10/1 are World No. 1 Dustin Johnson and Justin Thomas, who's turned in a win and runner-up in their last two starts.
Justin Rose, who's bronze medal at Bay Hill was their 13th top 10 in their last 15 worldwide start, saw their odds move from 20/1 to 14/1. Other notables include Jordan Spieth (14/1), Jason Day and Jon Rahm (16/1), and Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler (18/1). Reigning champ Sergio Garcia currently owns 30/1 odds.
The 2018 Masters begins on April 5.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
/ Front page / News
Update: 1:48PM THE Prime Minister Voreqe Bainimarama will begin their first 2017 tour of the North next week.
They will visit the three provinces of Cakaudrove, Bua and Macuata and expected to hold talanoa sessions with the communities.
Divisional Planning officer North Alipate Bolalevu said the tour will begin next Thursday.
They said Mr Bainimarama would open fire stations in Seaqaqa and Savusavu during the tour.
�The hydro in Taveuni will also be opened so it will be a good start to 2017 for the people of Vanua Levu,� they said.
Buffalo Grove family takes 'Festival of Lights' to heart
hello
Drive along Beechwood Road, a winding residential street in Buffalo Grove, and you will see houses bedecked in lights and surrounded by Christmas decorations, as one might expect this time of year.
Take a closer look and you will find one house, hiding in plain sight, radiating a different kind of holiday cheer.
Like its neighbors, the house is festooned with lights, some even climbing the pole of a basketball hoop like vines.
However, the inflatable snowman that welcomes visitors holds a sign reading not "Merry Christmas" or Season's Greetings," but a hearty "Happy Hanukkah."
There's also a dog decorated with a Star of David, a polar bear holding a dreidel, gift packages illuminated with blue and white lights, and a projected display of dreidels bouncing up and down.
While such lavish Hanukkah spectacles are a rarity in a sea of Christmas displays, it's become a "festival of lights" tradition for Steven and Maureen Clay. The couple first created the display a decade ago for Hanukkah, which this year begins at sundown Tuesday.
"When my kids were little, everybody around the neighborhood was Catholic and put up all the Christmas lights," Steven Clay said. "And I said, 'Why can't I put up blue and white lights?'"
The effort takes several hours, but it's all in a day's work for Steven Clay, who is an electrician by trade. They start around Halloween to take advantage of the warmer weather and every year adds a little more.
The scene has become a destination for friends and family members, and is popular among the Clays' Buffalo Grove neighbors.
While the couple's children are now in high school and college, they make sure their dad keeps the tradition going.
"My kids got older and I told my kids I didn't want to do it anymore," they said. "And they said, 'You have to. There are people in the neighborhood that ask me when you are starting to put it up.' So I do it more for my kids."
Maureen Clay said she's embraced the extravagant display in part because decorations like the inflatables and Happy Hanukkah signs weren't around when they were growing up.
"We're still children at heart," they said.
The display has even won over someone Maureen Clay feared wouldn't be a fan -- their father.
"I was worried about what they might think at first," they said. "You grow up in a very religious household -- I was borderline Orthodox -- and this was not really the way it was. They love it. They think it's great."
Hot on the heels of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's big day, Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank have set a date to wed in the same location!
The couple announced their engagement on Jan 22, and now it appears they'll wed on Oct 12, 2018 at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle—that's exactly 146 days after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle tie the knot in the same place!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As previously reported, Eugenie is wearing an Erdem dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, and a padparadscha sapphire ring surrounded by diamonds. The BBC adds that Eugenie will keep their royal title after their wedding and will have the option to take their last name.
In an interview with BBC's The One Show With Matt Baker, Eugenie spoke about breaking the big news to their family, including their grandparents, Queen Elizabeth and Prince Phillip.
"We literally told just our mother and fathers, brothers and sisters, and my grandparents," they said. "Granny actually knew right at the beginning. They were one of the very few people we told. We left them this weekend, and had a very lovely time and she's very happy, as was my grandfather."
Jack added that they love Eugenie "so much, and we're just very happy and over the moon for what is to come. So excited now to be telling friends and family and just very excited to spend a lifetime together, which is amazing."
I can't wait for season 7 of The Crown! It's gonna have so many fabulous weddings!
On the day I was getting the Mitsubishi Outlander Sport for a week-long test, meteorologists were calling for a massive snowstorm in Metro Detroit. Depending on where you lived, snowfall was expected to range from six inches to almost a foot. As I was signing the paperwork and getting the key, the snow was beginning to fall at a heavy rate. It would be an interesting week with one of the oldest crossovers on sale.
The current Outlander Sport has been with us since 2011 and it still stands out from other crossovers in the class. This comes down to an aggressive design and Mitsubishi making a number of changes to the design in the past few years. For 2018, Mitsubishi has updated the Outlander Sport with new bumpers and LED running lights. Up front, Mitsubishi went with a dual grille setup - a narrow one on top and a large mesh one for the bottom. 18-inch wheels come standard on all Outlander Sports and look quite sharp.
Mitsubishi hasn't done much to the Outlander Sport's interior since its launch and it clearly shows. The design is very uninspired with seemingly endless black plastic and almost no brightwork. Most materials used feel brittle and cheap, which is very disappointing when compared to other models such as the Honda HR-V and Mazda CX-3. Mitsubishi does redeem itself a little bit with the dash being covered in soft-touch material. Another plus point to the Outlander Sport's interior is the control layout. The buttons and knobs are laid out in a logical fashion and are within easy reach.
Getting comfortable in the front seats is not hard thanks to a decent amount of manual adjustments on offer, along with a tilt-telescoping steering wheel for the driver. Slightly worrying was my test Outlander Sport having a driver's seat that slightly rocked whenever the vehicle accelerated and stopped. I know this issue isn't isolated to my test vehicle. Speaking to some who have driven different 2018 Outlander Sports, they have reported the same issue. Mitsubishi really needs to figure out this issue and get a fix out ASAP.
The rear seat offers a decent amount of headroom, but there is barely enough legroom for taller passengers. Cargo space is quite good with 21.7 cubic feet of space behind the front seats and 49.5 cubic feet when folded.
For 2018, Mitsubishi has installed a new 7-inch infotainment system on all Outlander Sports. Higher trims like our test SEL add Android Auto and Apple CarPlay capability. Compared to Mitsubishi's previous infotainment systems, the one in the Outlander Sport is excellent. The system is very easy to use with a simple and vibrant interface. Performance is quite good as the system quickly responds to a user's input.
Mitsubishi offers two engines for the Outlander Sport. ES and LE models use a 2.0L four-cylinder, while the SE and SEL models feature a larger 2.4L four-cylinder. Our test vehicle had the latter engine which produces 168 horsepower and 167 pound-feet of torque. This is paired with a CVT and the choice of front- or Mitsubishi's All-Wheel Control (AWC) system. Out of the two engines, the 2.4 is the one to get as is feeling noticeably quicker when leaving a stop. But it will run out of steam at higher speeds, making passing or getting onto the freeway a bit difficult. The CVT is somewhat slow to respond whenever you step on the accelerator.
The AWC system redeems the Outlander Sport to a point. AWC offers the driver three different modes - 2WD, 4WD Auto, and 4WD Lock. The difference between the two 4WD settings is Auto only sends power to rear wheels if it detects slip where Lock sends power to all wheels. Putting the system into 4WD Lock, the Outlander Sport easily went through roads with close to a foot of snow on the ground with no issue. The system was able to quickly shift power to the wheels with grip to help keep the car moving. I believe if you fit you a set of snow tires to the Sport, you will have a very good winter vehicle.
Fuel economy figures of 22 City/27 Highway/24 Combined put the Outlander Sport towards the bottom of the class. My average for the week landed around 23.2 mpg.
For a subcompact crossover, the Outlander Sport's ride is pleasant. It glides over bumps and other imperfections. Handling is a mixed affair. Drive the Outlander Sport normally around a corner and it feels composed. Begin to push it and there is a fair amount of body roll. Steering has a very rubbery feel and there is a noticeable dead zone when the wheel is centered.
This might be the first review I have done where I have two verdicts on the Outlander Sport. As a whole, the model really needs to be replaced. In many areas, the Outlander Sport significantly trails competitors. It doesn't help that the as-tested price was $29,310 which makes the Sport a bit of poor value. I know dealers put a lot of cash on the hoods of Outlander Sports to get them moving, which is likely one reason why it is Mitsubishi's best selling model. But I would rather put my money into a Honda HR-V, Mazda CX-3, the new Hyundai Kona, and others since they are newer and offer so much more.
But I will admit that the Outlander Sport came at a very opportune time. The snowstorm really brought up some of the Outlander Sport's best qualities, primarily the AWC system and punchy four-cylinder around town. I remember an auto writer once saying that some of the most memorable vehicles are those that are not the best, but can show some bright spots in a difficult situation. The Outlander Sport for me is one of those vehicles.
Disclaimer: Mitsubishi Provided the Outlander Sport, Insurance, and One Tank of Gas
Year: 2018
Make: Mitsubishi
Model: Outlander Sport
Trim: SEL
Engine: 2.4L MIVEC DOHC 16-Valve Four-Cylinder
Driveline: CVT, All-Wheel Drive
Horsepower @ RPM: 168 @ 6,000
Torque @ RPM: 167 @ 4,100
Fuel Economy: City/Highway/Combined - 23/28/25
Curb Weight: N/A
Location of Manufacture: Okazaki, Japan
Base Price: $25,895
As Tested Price: $29,310 (Includes $940.00 Destination Charge)
Options:
Touring Package - $2,000.00
Diamond White Pearl - $200.00
Tonneau Cover - $150.00
Carpeted Floormats and Portfolio - $125.00
Dillion Burch, 22, was sentenced to three days of jail after police say they lied about an active shooter at Walt Disney World's Contemporary Resort in Florida and recorded people's reactions for a YouTube video. They were intoxicated, police say, and hid in bushes. Florida Police
By Hayden Wright
The video for Maroon 5's “Cold” is on its way and to whet their fan's appetites the band released a teaser featuring Adam Levine and their Victoria's Secret model wife Behati Prinsloo. In the clip, Levine recounts an acid trip triggered by a strange incident during a night out.
“It was weird. Somebody slipped something into my drink,” Levine says. “I think it was acid because I started tripping balls. Future turned into a teddy bear and James was getting blown by a chicken. It was crazy.”
Related: Adam Levine to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
“I got arrested when the cops came, but they weren't really the cops,” they say. “It was like this adorable little cartoon stripper and they gave me an adorable little cartoon lap dance. That was weird, and then these two girls pulled me into a room for a threesome.”
The twisted tale goes on and on, perhaps signaling some spoilers for the full video. In the teaser, disinterested Prinsloo just wants to go back to bed.
VANCOUVER, Wash. (AP) – Authorities say a 17-year-old girl was wounded in a shooting in Vancouver's Shumway neighborhood.
The Columbian reports officers and ambulances responded following a report of a shooting Sunday night and found the girl suffering from a gunshot wound. They were transported to a hospital and is expected to survive.
A suspect in the shooting had fled before police units arrived.
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve' Pause
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
2:02 How Grizzly Run Club helps students build emotional strength, confidence
1:46 Discovery SLO's vision: Bowling alley, concerts, food and more — all in one spot
1:11 Wet winter brings wildflower 'super bloom' to the California desert
1:27 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
0:40 Calexit? Activist group pushes California secession plan
1:54 TSA releases video on what to expect during airport pat-downs in wake of controversy
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
Updated at 1 p.m. ET
Shoal Creek is opening now, with the range to open to players at 12:15 local time and the course opening to practice rounds at 1 PM. — Randall Mell (@RandallMellGC) May 30, 2018
Original story:
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. – More rain descended upon Shoal Creek Wednesday morning, further challenging preparations for Thursday's scheduled start to the U.S. Women's Open.
The USGA hoped to open the course Wednesday morning, with practice round tee times scheduled to begin at 6:40 a.m., but it didn't happen, with officials keeping the course closed because of “dangerous weather.” Three hours after Wednesday's intended start, the course had yet to open, with rain continuing to fall and the USGA evaluating conditions.
The course closed late Monday afternoon with rain coming in, and it hasn't been open since, though the driving range and practice areas opened Tuesday afternoon.
Another 1.6 inches of rain fell on Shoal Creek late Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning. The course has taken nearly 4 inches of rainfall over the last 48 hours, and more than 6 inches over the last week.
Full-field scores from the U.S. Women's Open
“This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women's Open,” two-time champ Inbee Park said Tuesday, before the additional rain fell.
Jessica Korda normally only plays nine holes in practice on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday of U.S. Women's Open week, but they played 18 on Monday, in case it was their only chance to see the course before Thursday's start. That will likely to be the case.
“The course is saturated beyond comprehension,” Cristie Kerr, the 2007 champion, said after the range opened on Tuesday.
The USGA has never implemented lift, clean and place in its 123 years of conducting championships. John Bodenhamer, the USGA's senior managing director of championships and governance, said Tuesday that the USGA intended to keep that tradition going and play the ball as it lies again this year, but they and their staff would continue to evaluate course conditions. It appears it will take extraordinary circumstances for the USGA to allow lift, clean and place, but a number of players believe being hit by a subtropical storm makes for an extraordinary circumstance.
“I would think that they would have to play the ball up,” Lexi Thompson said Tuesday. “I played it yesterday, and it was pretty wet in some spots, and some of the fairways are a little bare in some spots. I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but, you never know. If they don't, everybody has to play it down, and it is what it is, but it's their choice.”
Can you win a Tony Award without campaigning?
It looks as if Kevin Kline is going to try.
Kline, 69, was nominated this week for their portrayal of an aging matinee idol in “Present Laughter” at the St James. He's up against some first-rate actors — Jefferson Mays (“Oslo”), Corey Hawkins (“Six Degrees of Separation”), Chris Cooper (“A Doll's House, Part 2”) and Denis Arndt (“Heisenberg”) — but their part is flashy and they dominate Noel Coward's 1942 comedy.
Kline easily could add a third Tony to their shelf if only he'd work a room or two full of Tony voters in the coming month.
But, friends say, they despise shmoozing, dislikes chatting with the press and finds the whole Tony rigmarole distasteful.
They agreed to do a dog-and-pony show for the press just before “Present Laughter” opened, but as one reporter told me, “You could tell it was the last place in the world they wanted to be.”
They attended the opening-night party for the show, “but stayed about five minutes,” a source says. And they were a no-show at the “Meet the Tony Nominees” cattle call Wednesday morning at the Sofitel New York Hotel. That can be an excruciating event, to be sure, but it's considered an important stop on the Tony campaign trail. Only a sure-fire winner such as Bette Midler in “Hello, Dolly!” can duck it — and they did.
Another stop is the New York Times, which usually profiles the nominees with the best shot at winning. Kline agreed to be interviewed, which made their producers very happy — the publicity would probably sell some tickets.
The Times assigned Alexis Soloski to do the interview. As they waited at home for the car to pick them up, Kline, out of curiosity, Googled their name. Soloski also reviews Broadway shows for the Guardian in London, and their review of “Present Laughter” popped up on their screen.
Here's what they read: “False starts and outmoded techniques make this [revival] seem dated, leaving its star with too much heavy lifting.”
Oops!
Kline called the driver and told them to turn around and go home. The interview was off.
Well, you can't blame him. The Times should have been a little more sensitive. Why should they sit and chat with a critic who zinged their show? You're not going to see Ben Brantley hanging out with the cast of “Amelie” — “it neither offends nor enthralls,” they wrote — anytime soon.
If Kline does decide to do a little press at some point (Mays is gaining ground!), I'd be delighted to interview them for this column, which is avidly read by all 800 Tony voters. (That sound you hear is me tooting my own horn.)
The Post is a fitting place for him, anyway. One of the first interviews Kline ever gave, as the breakout star of “On the Twentieth Century” in 1978, was to our legendary nightlife columnist, Earl Wilson.
They met in Wilson's apartment at the Parc Vendome, and snuggled into a pair of comfortable leather chairs. The chairs may have been a little too comfortable because halfway through the interview, Wilson, then 70, fell asleep. Kline looked at their press agent, who cleared their throat until Wilson woke up.
You have my word, Kevin: If you do an interview with me, I won't nod off.
And remember this: You did that interview with The Post on the eve of the 1978 Tony Awards — and you won.
Turner Classic Movies put together a fine tribute this week to Robert Osborne, who died March 6. Michael Feinstein brought down the house with “Hooray for Hollywood” and marvelous clips from some of Osborne's favorite movies were shown — “Broadway Melody of 1940,” “Madame Bovary” and “Singin' in the Rain.”
Osborne once gave me a list of their favorite movies about the theater, and so I pass them along to you today — “All About Eve,” of course, but also the more obscure “Critic's Choice,” starring Bob Hope and Lucille Ball, and a real gem, “The Velvet Touch,” starring Rosalind Russell.
And let's not forget the charming “Please Don't Eat the Daisies,” with David Niven and Doris Day playing real-life theater couple Walter and Jean Kerr.
By Dan Reardon
In 1990, Mike Donald was one hole shy of completing the tournament of their life, the U.S. Open at Medinah Country Club. Donald needed only a par at the 18th of the Monday playoff to defeat Hale Irwin and find their place in golf history. They bogeyed and lost on the next hole in sudden death. Donald drifted on and off the PGA Tour over the next 15 years, never posting a win.
In 1999, France's Jean van de Velde stood on the tee of the final hole at Carnoustie with a three-shot lead in the Open Championship. They tripled the hole and lost in a playoff to Paul Lawrie. The Frenchmen did win once more in their golf career in 2005 but largely disappeared as a serious threat to win on the European Tour.
In 2016, Andrew Landry shot 66 in the opening round of the U.S. Open at Oakmont as an Open rookie, ranked 624th in the world. They played well enough over the next two days to be paired in the final group of the day with Dustin Johnson. Johnson gutted their way to their first major win, and Landry soared to a final-day 78. Instead of being the first U.S. Open rookie to win in 102 years, they finished tied for 15th.
They finished the year 178th in the FedExCup standings and back on the developmental Web.Com Tour the following season. On Sunday at the Valero Texas Open, Landry served notice that they intended to stay clear of the ranks of Donald, van de Velde and other players crushed by the disappointment of a failed major opportunity. Landry shot 4-under 68, -17, to win by two shots for their first PGA Tour title.
>>MORE: Pro Golf Coverage
“I think that every single player out here is good. Every single player is great. Whenever you get in a situation and you fell and you continue to fall, you're learning every single time you do something,” they said afterward. “Oakmont definitely helped me. It helped to control my pace and how my swing is, even how I walk and that can lead into my golf swing. It's accepting that I do have nerves and embrace them.”
Back on Tour after finishing fourth on Web.Com in 2017, Landry has been showing signs that an Oakmont hangover was not in their 2018 profile. They posted three top 10s in their first seven starts of the 2018 season, including a four-hole playoff loss to Jon Rahm at the CareerBuilder Challenge in February. They credited their performance in that loss to the success they enjoyed in San Antonio.
“Losing in that playoff when I was continuing to hit good shot after good shot and just not making any putts, which is usually a strength of my game, it helps because you get yourself in that situation and you continue to learn.”
Hall of Fame Texan Ben Hogan once said about their success, they learned the game in the dirt. For the 30-year-old Landry, the dirt was an hour drive from San Antonio in Port Neches-Groves on a nine-hole golf course called the Pea Patch, a course they lovingly described as a “goat ranch.” A long list of Texans have won a tournament that traces its genealogy to 1922, the most recent being Jimmy Walker in 2015. Landry adds their names to people like Hogan and Byron Nelson as Texas Open winners.
Perhaps it's the feel of home. Perhaps it's learning to manage the kind of Texas winds that buffeted the tournament early in the week. For Landry, there was the special comfort of being surrounded by family and friends for their breakthrough moment.
Their mother, Patricia, wore a shirt Sunday bearing the logo of that U.S. Open in Oakmont two years prior. Their wife, Elizabeth, with their newborn, stood greenside as their husband needed to navigate nearly 50 feet in two putts to secure the win. Their father, Dwain, who Landry told on Sunday morning at Oakmont that they were going to win that day, was there when that prediction proved true two years later. And their brother, Adam, who was a constant competitor with them back on that nine-hole course, now in housing development, was there for the dream to become reality.
They told PGA Tour afterward the same thing Andrew talked about in their winning press conference.“I've watched all the trials and tribulations, what he's gone through, the highs and the lows. There was no Plan B for him. There was only this. Stuff like that will cripple people. It'll make you want to quit, failing back and forth — but they continuously figured out a way to find their way to the top.”
Dan Reardon has covered golf for radio station KMOX in St. Louis for 33 years. In that time, they have covered more than 100 events, including majors and other PGA, LPGA and Champions Tour tournaments. During their broadcast career, Reardon conducted one-on-one interviews with three dozen members of the World Golf of Fame. They have contributed to many publications over the years and co-authored the book Golf's Greatest Eighteen from Random House. Reardon served as Director of Media relations for LPGA events in both St. Louis and Chicago for 10 years.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch'
0:50 Fresno man says they were fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Someone set the fire that damaged the historic Gene Harris Bandshell in Julia Davis Park Monday night — but fire officials don't know if it was an accident or intentional.
The bandshell roof was heavily damaged in the blaze, which was reported at about 8:15 p.m.
Fire investigators ruled out an electrical malfunction as being the cause of the fire, said Boise Fire spokesperson Char Jackson. They turned over their report, including interviews with witnesses in the park, to the Boise Police Department.
"Whether that was accidental or not, that's what BPD is going to attempt to figure out during their investigation," Jackson said.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
They said none of the witnesses interviewed saw or heard any fireworks.
The fire left large holes in the north and south sections of the bandshell roof. The clay tiles of the roof were displaced by water sprayed to extinguish the fire in the wood frame underneath it, Jackson said.
"The walls are still in tact," Jackson said. "The majority of the damage is isolated to the roof."
Boise Parks and Recreation Department will hire a disaster cleanup crew to clean the interior and exterior of the building. The area around the bandshell will be fenced off — and the public is asked to stay away — but the rest of the park will remain open.
“We are deeply saddened to see the damage done to this historic Boise landmark,” Doug Holloway, Boise Parks and Recreation director said in a press release Tuesday afternoon. “We are hopeful the Gene Harris Bandshell can be restored so that we can continue to host community events and create lasting memories in Julia Davis Park for generations to come.”
The bandshell is insured, and it will be repaired.
The Julia Davis Park bandshell was dedicated on July 8, 1928. It was renamed to honor jazz musician Gene Harris in 2000.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Northwest Houston suffered severe flood damage from Harvey. We went back to visit an area we initially reported on a month ago to see what it looks like now.
/
It's been over a month since Harvey devastated the Houston region.
My beat during the storm was to explore some of the worst hit areas closest to the Addicks reservoir in Northwest Houston.
That's where I met…“I'm Sheila Hollie and I live in Savannah Estates,” they said.
Savannah Estates is adjacent to Langham Creek.
It has a long history of flooding, which is why Hollie decided to evacuate early.
“I left the neighborhood on Friday once I heard the news it was going to be really bad,” they said.
“Did you know it was going to be this bad,” I said.
“No I figured I would be back home probably by Wednesday or Thursday,” they said.
“And now it doesn't look like that,” I said.
“No, the way it looks now since they opened up the reservoir the water is probably up to the ceiling,” they said.
Hollie prepared as best as they could.
“I didn't take that much because I packed everything up off the floor thinking I saved everything up to about four feet,” they said.
And, as the flood waters crept in, They already knew they didn't want to risk living in the neighborhood afterwards.
From what I can tell they probably should have never built homes over here because this is my fourth flood and I've had enough,” they said.
After the water receded, I went back to see what life was like for Hollie now.
The waterlogged road from a month ago is now dry and lined with tall weeds on either side.
The neighborhood fence that experienced damage, was now mid-rebuilding
Hollie's driveway showed signs of progress too, with a mountain of drywall, cabinets and trash bags covering the entire front yard.
“When you thought you had prepared,” they say. “You put everything up high thinking, ‘Well, I know I'm going to lose the appliances, furniture, and stuff,' but everything else since this is a one story house I was hoping a had it high enough but I didn't have it high enough.”
As they walked me through the shell that is now their one-story home a familiar face joined us, their brother, Dwayne Hollie.
They were also by their side when we first met, during Harvey.
They were wearing a white plastic jumpsuit and a paper gas mask helping their sister disinfect them home.
“The house was filled with mud it was about an inch deep,” they say. “It was sewage mixed with flood water, so it was extremely toxic, nasty, and it was just horrible to walk on.”
They weren't able to get back in the house for ten days, allowing mold to thrive.
“You could see it along the walls in every room, it had grown up to like 3 and a half feet high,” they say.
But Hollie is still holding out hope to find a new home.
“I've already applied for buyout,” they say. “I don't know if I'll get bought out, and if not, you have to put the house back together and I'll put it back together just how I would want it to be. Maybe one day I'll get to sell it, hopefully if its not bought out, but you might just be stuck here.”
The Harris County Flood Control District says 3,000 residents have inquired about buyouts.
So far, the County has only approved about 200 homes and Hollie's is not one of them.
Samuel Teah (left) will face Montana Love on the Feb. 2 edition of Showtime's "ShoBox." (Photo by Amanda Westcott - Showtime)
Samuel Teah will do what they normally do before a fight. He'll steal away by themselves and run their fingers over the six numbers stitched into the back of their trunks before putting them on.
Teah will take a second, close their eyes and think of them: Vivian, and Eliott, and Jennifer, and Ramere, and Mariam, and baby Zyhire. He'll take themselves to a place where they can sit and watch them perform, where they could live this moment with them in front of the world.
Then he'll step into the ring against undefeated Montana Love tonight at the WinnaVegas Casino & Resort in Sloan, Iowa. Reality will barge into real time and he'll get themselves ready to fight.
This foray on Showtime's ShoBox program will be Teah's second under the glare of national TV, and they know the challenge he'll be up against in the 23-year-old southpaw Love (8-0, 4 knockouts). Teah (12-1-1, 5 KOs) also knows the opportunity that awaits if they win the scheduled eight-round junior welterweight fight.
What Love may not know is that he's stepping into the ring with seven – not just Samuel “Tsunami” Teah.
Teah, who was featured on RingTV back in December, lost their family in a fire on December 26, 2008. It's why they have “12-26-08” stitched into the back of their trunks. That's the day Vivian Teah, 26; Eliott Teah, 24; Jennifer Teah, 17; 18-month-old nephew Zyhire Wright-Teah; nieces Ramere Dosso, 8, and Mariam Dosso, 6; along with 54-year-old family friend Henry Gbokoloi, perished in a fire.
“This is like any other fight. I've fought before on TV,” Teah said. “I'm ready for this. The memory of my family is why I do it. Any fighter out there wants to be a world champion, and I expect to be one day. This is big for me. I think everything after this fight will be bigger for me.
“I feel more developed and more prepared as a fighter. I figure I'm in an elite class of fighters, and this is my chance to show what I can do.”
Teah, 30, also knows their “side” in this fight. Love is undefeated and has a decorated amateur past. But while Teah may be the “B side” when you line the fighters' stats against each other, they don't see it that way. It's Love who's more at risk facing someone like him, Teah figures.
And that may be true.
“Love will keep me on my toes,” said Teah. “I don't know too much about him, which is actually a plus, because when you know too much, you look for certain things. It's a good way to feel too comfortable. When you don't know much about an opponent, in my opinion, you have to watch for everything.
“I'll figure [Love] out. It won't take me long. I'm a smart fighter. I'll pick up what they do and find a weakness. I catch on real fast. A fighter won't change too much from what they're doing in the early rounds. Love has a name that sounds like a porn star and they act like one, too. They don't know what's coming.
“You don't make a breakthrough until you're a ‘B side' fighter and you pull off an upset. I'm going to make it an ugly, brawling fight. I'm going to take it to him.”
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Image copyright PA Image caption Liam Colgan's family said they were much-loved and a talented musician
The family of Liam Colgan, whose body was found 10 weeks after they went missing in Hamburg, say their death had been a "tragic accident".
The 29-year-old was on their brother Eamonn's stag weekend in the German city when they vanished on 10 February.
The Inverness man's body was found in the River Elbe in Hamburg on Monday.
Their family said their death did not appear to be suspicious and thanked everyone who helped in the effort to find him.
In the statement on a Facebook page dedicated to the search for Liam, their family said: "On behalf of all of Liam's family we would like to thank everyone from the bottom of our hearts for the incredible support we have received since Liam disappeared on 10 February.
"We will never forget this."
'Selfless personality'
Paying tribute to Liam, their family described the mail carrier as much-loved and a "hugely talented yet humble musician".
Their family added: "He had a very natural sense of humour that made them a joy to be around.
"He cared for their nieces immensely and would visit them at every opportunity, they miss them greatly. Liam had a laid-back, selfless personality that made them impossible not to get on with.
"We love you Liam."
This week on Trivial Takedown, Kid Ink and Brittany Furlan partake in the fastest music and pop culture quiz show on the planet. But prior to the main event, the two contestants engage in a quick pre-show battle.
The disembodied host asks the rapper and former Vine star to name hip-hop artists who have been shot and survived. "See I probably know a lot that just you guys don't know," Kid Ink replies. Watch above to see who can list at least three artists.
SHARE COPY LINK An atmospheric river is expected to drop four feet of snow in the Sierra, the National Weather Service predicted in what may be the last winter storm of the season. David Caraccio
An atmospheric river is expected to drop four feet of snow in the Sierra, the National Weather Service predicted in what may be the last winter storm of the season. David Caraccio
Big Boi, Biz Markie and nostalgia take over SXSW While SXSW Interactive may be about spotting what's next, the festival's closing party was about looking backwards.
Body rock: Biz Markie drops an unbelievable 140 pounds "Just A Friend" rapper has dropped 140 pounds since being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
Hilary Duff and music producer Matthew Koma have reportedly rekindled their relationship.
The Lizzie McGuire star began dating Matthew last year, shortly after their romance with their personal trainer Jason Walsh fizzled out in November, but they parted ways with the hitmaker in April.
They were seen embracing business person Ely Sandvik in July, sparking rumours of a summer romance, but it now appears they have found love with Matthew again, according to E! News.
Hilary celebrated their 30th birthday on 28 September and Koma is featured in the pictures from their party. Matthew also posted a picture of the pair looking lovingly at each other on their Instagram page.
“#tBt (throwback Thursday) birthday girl,” they captioned the picture.
#tBt birthday girl A post shared by Matthew Koma (@matthewkoma) on Oct 5, 2017 at 3:23pm PDT
According to a source, the couple has been back together since their tour ended.
“Since Matt got back from tour, they've been seeing each other again,” a source told the website. “Him being gone on tour was the main reason things didn't work out the first time around, so now that he's back they picked up right where they left off.”
“He took them on a romantic dinner date for their birthday, bought them a guitar, and was at their 30th birthday party,” another source added. “Her friends and family really adore Matthew. Hilary also wants to get in the studio with Matthew and they have had a working relationship.”
Someone got me a guitar for my birthday. Time for some lessons.... pic.twitter.com/t9owSNNS9P — Hilary Duff (@HilaryDuff) September 29, 2017
Hilary and Matthew have not commented on the status of their relationship.
The singer and actor split from Mike Comrie, the father of their four-year-old son Luca, in 2014, after three years of marriage. They finalized their divorce in February, 2016, but remain close friends.
IMAGE: CNS photo/Akhtar Soomro, EPA
By Junno Arocho Esteves
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — When passing through the storm of life's difficult moments, Christians must latch on to Christ and not the false sense of security offered by psychics and soothsayers, Pope Francis said.
Speaking to pilgrims before reciting the Angelus Aug. 13, Pope Francis talked about the day's Gospel passage, which recounts the story of Jesus walking on water. Jesus tells St. Peter to come to him, but their lack of faith when walking on the water toward Jesus during a storm leads to them slowly to start sinking in the sea.
Christians today, Pope Francis said, also can doubt the assurance of Christ's presence when confronting life's “turbulent and hostile waters.”
“When we do not cling to the word of the Lord, but consult horoscopes and fortunetellers to have more security, we begin to sink,” the pope said.
Although most Romans escape the city during the summer, hundreds of pilgrims still made their way to St. Peter's Square, waving banners and flags while cheering loudly as the pope appeared in the window of the Apostolic Palace.
Pope Francis said the Sunday Gospel reading invites all Christians to reflect on their faith “both as individuals and as an ecclesial community, even the faith of all us here today in the square.”
St. Peter's request that Jesus call him, their moment of doubt and their subsequent cry for Jesus to save him, the pope said, “resembles our desire to feel close to the Lord, but also the fear and anguish that accompanies the most difficult moments of our life and of our communities, marked by internal frailty and external difficulty.”
“Today's Gospel reminds us that faith in the Lord and in their word doesn't open a path where everything is easy and calm; it doesn't take away life's storms,” the pope said. “Faith gives us the security of a presence, Jesus' presence, which pushes us to overcome existential storms, and the assurance of a hand that grabs us to help us face the difficulties, showing us the way even when it is dark.”
The image of the boat in troubled waters, they added, also can represent the church, which throughout history has faced storms that “threaten to overwhelm her.”
What saves the church is not “courage or the quality of its members,” but rather “faith in Christ and their word.”
“In short, faith is not an escape from life's problems but sustains it along the journey and gives it meaning,” Pope Francis said.
– – –
Follow Arocho on Twitter: @arochoju.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
Tens of thousands of Milwaukee Public Schools students are back in the classroom.
Monday is the first day of class for institutions on MPS's early start calendar. The new calendar applies to all high schools, middle schools and select elementary schools.
Superintendent Darienne Driver kicked off the new school year along with faculty and staff at James Madison Academic Campus. They lined up and cheered students on as they entered the building.
According to district officials, the new, early start calendar gives students more time for instruction before national AP and ACT testing dates.
The new calendar also slides up the end of first semester into December -- before the holiday break. Traditionally, final exams for first semester have been after the time off around Christmas. The schedule change eliminates the layoff before finals.
Students said it felt nice returning to class.
"It feels like a fresh start, something that's new and exciting to be a part of," said senior Elliyah Lock.
"Being off during the summer is great," said senior Deshauna Hughes, "But you get bored sometimes."
"Plus, with the earlier start, we get done with high school earlier," Hughes said. "We get to graduate in May. So it's pretty good for us."
Classes at MPS elementary schools not on the early start calendar begin September 5.
Image copyright SNS Image caption Dylan McGeouch is one of nine uncapped players in the squad along with Charlie Mulgrew
International friendly: Peru v Scotland Venue: Estadio Nacional de Lima, Peru Date: Wednesday, 30 May Kick-off: 02:00 BST Coverage: Watch on BBC One Scotland; text commentary and streamed live (UK only) on the BBC Sport website
Scotland's Charlie Mulgrew says any negativity surrounding the end-of-season tour to Peru and Mexico has not affected the travelling squad.
The scheduling of the long-haul trip for the end of season has drawn criticism from some quarters.
And the unavailability of some senior players leaves Scotland under-strength against two World Cup-bound sides.
"There's never been any negatives mentioned since we've met up," Mulgrew stressed. "It's all been positive."
The Blackburn Rovers captain is likely to don the international armband as Alex McLeish's side face Peru on Tuesday evening in Lima.
"Training's been positive, the atmosphere about the place has been positive," said the 32-year-old. "It's two games for our country.
"We're all delighted to be here and we're looking forward to playing the match and putting on a performance and fighting for Scotland again.
"It's good to have new faces in the squad. It's going to be a big challenge for us but one we're looking forward to and one hopefully we can relish."
Mulgrew is in line to win their 35th cap and such is the inexperience of the squad, with nine uncapped players, they have made more than three times as many appearances as the next most-capped player, West Bromwich Albion winger Matt Phillips.
As the senior citizen of the squad, what will Mulgrew's advice be to the new boys?
"I would say, 'Just enjoy the game, try to take the opportunity to be in the squad more regularly and try to get a result,'" they said.
Image copyright SNS Image caption Alex McLeish and assistants Peter Grant and James McFadden hope to plot a win in Lima
"If they enjoy it and go out and fight and work hard then the ability is there and it'll be a great experience for everybody."
Their manager has already urged these players to grasp the "golden incentive" on offer and they recalled when they themselves was in the same position.
McLeish made their their debut as a 21-year-old in a 4-1 friendly win over Portugal in March 1980.
"I know that, when I was told I was getting my first game for Scotland, I couldn't believe it," they said.
'Here to spoil the party'
"I dreamt about it as a young boy but never imagined I would ever play for my country.
"But, when I was told I was playing for the national team, a shiver ran down my spine and made me feel so proud. Nervous too, but in a good way."
Now McLeish hopes their Scotland charges can respond in challenging circumstances.
"Maybe we will have to work a little bit harder than Peru to get a favourable result," they admitted.
"But we know that Peru want to give the fans a good send-off and we are here to try to spoil the party."
Land & Property Services has contacted over 4,500 business ratepayers in the Mid and East Antrim Borough Council area to collect rental data for the non-domestic rates revaluation – Reval2020.
This includes approximately 575 offices, 1,125 shops, 645 warehouses and 265 factories in the council area.
Business ratepayers and their advisors must now provide rental evidence to LPS.
In 2017/2018, business rates in the Mid and East Antrim Borough Council area generated over £41 million to help fund local and regional services.
Letters explaining how ratepayers can submit information have been sent to occupiers of commercial premises.
Most ratepayers will be able to submit their details online. LPS will use this information to analyse the current market and assess the rental value of every rateable property. The new values will be used to calculate individual business rate bills from 1 April 2020.
Alan Brontë, Commissioner of Valuation for Northern Ireland, said: “This is a key stage in the process of revaluing properties occupied by businesses and other bodies. I would urge all business ratepayers in Mid and East Antrim Borough Council area to submit the necessary information to enable us to ensure their business rates are accurate.
“Regular revaluations maintain fairness in the rating system by ensuring business rates adjust to reflect changes in the property market.”
Further information and the online Rent and Lease Questionnaire can be found at www.finance-ni.gov.uk/reval-2020-ni A helpline (0300 200 7801) is in place to help ratepayers with any queries regarding completion of the questionaire.
Global Grind
#MartinaBIG 😳🤦‍♂️😂 A post shared by $ L I M £ (@slimereport) on Sep 30, 2017 at 2:57am PDT
First it was Rachel Dolezal — now Martina Big is reminding us of our Black privilege.
Big, a former glamour model, has spent almost $70,000 on surgery to transform themselves into an “exotic Black Barbie.” In an interview with ITV's This Morning, the 28-year old tanning addict said, “I want to go to Africa to learn about the culture. I can feel in myself that I am changing to a black woman. Now I am a black woman I have to learn.”
You need to react to Martina Big a white lady who turned themselves black with injections and considers themselves a black person now. pic.twitter.com/OPCdXS0ivP — Clarity (@_Beyond_Clarity) September 30, 2017
Next up on their list of to do surgeries, Martina is getting a nose job because they desperately want an “African nose.”
Martina Big was born white but now "identifies" as black. I think the more pertinent question here is: how long has they been smuggling Graf Zeppelins under their shirt for the Kaiser?pic.twitter.com/7QiG6kdT5m — Darklordzden💩🎩 (@Darklordzden) October 5, 2017
The fact that women use to get rhinoplasty to achieve the European look and now White women are spending loads of cash to get Black women curves and features is irony at it's best. Who knew that there was someone out here more delusional than Rachel Dolezal.
Check out the full interview above.
Most reform initiatives, like the one in Maine, push for only ranked-choice voting rather than full PR, because RCV is more familiar and less disruptive. Apple's petition does the opposite. It would create eight larger state legislative districts, each with 10 representatives, cutting the total number of House seats approximately in half.
Winston Apple is on a crusade to redraw Missouri into multi-member state legislative districts. (Photo by Emily Burke)
Apple proposes a “list” system similar to the parliamentary democracy of many European countries. Voters cast their ballot for a party, not individual candidates. Parties fill their share of seats in the legislature according to the results of their primary elections. If a party wins three seats in a district, for example, the party's top three primary vote winners are seated.
Apple, who's from Independence and bears a bit of a resemblance to Harry Truman, says they designed it that way because it puts the focus on issues, not personalities. They have a Midwestern earnestness, and they approach their role of political revolutionary with the energy of a convert. He's written “a manifesto for the reform of public education,” Edutopia, and he's working on a book about Keynesian economics that argues the federal government should become the employer of last resort.
For their mission to change Missouri's electoral system, he's created a website, GovernmentByThePeople.org, with two short videos that explain the basics of proportional representation, in addition to essays that describe it in painstaking detail. And they take their cause on the road. In early February, they went to a three-day summit called “Unrig the System” at Tulane University in New Orleans. The summit's goal was to “convene the brightest minds from the Right and Left to fix American politics.” The slate of speakers included both Nina Turner, president of Our Revolution, and Steve Hilton, a Fox News host.
People not formally scheduled to speak at the summit had a chance to pitch their ideas for a brief talk. Attendees voted on the pitches, and the winners got to speak at an event on the last day. Apple was among the winners.
“I think I convinced a whole lot more people that if we can only make one change, proportional representation is the one we should make,” they say. “It's just a numbers game. The vast majority of people have no idea what it is or how it works. I've found that if you say, ‘This will break the two-party monopoly, and independent candidates will have a fair chance of getting elected,' they say, ‘Where do I sign?' ”
Maine leads the way
FairVote expects that the Missouri initiative will be a hard sell, especially the idea of voting for a party's slate rather than individuals. “I tend to be skeptical that a list system will be successful in the U.S,” says Drew Spencer Penrose, FairVote's law and policy director. “We're used to voting for candidates, and we're also used to big tent parties.”
Penrose and Rob Richie believe the path to victory for PR is a series of city and state-level reforms that evolve into a movement for federal PR over the next decade or so. A bill already in the House, the Fair Representation Act, would implement both multi-member districts and RCV. It currently has only four co-sponsors but serves to keep the item on the agenda for a future, more progressive Congress.
The referendum in Maine would establish ranked-choice voting for all state and federal elections, which is a more modest and less disruptive reform than combining it with multi-member districts. Think of RCV as the gateway to full PR.
Brian Wieser Says Facebook Faces Growth Headwinds
Brian Wieser of Pivotal Research Group, discusses the Facebook data breach and how regulatory efforts like the GDPR are most likely causing slower growth for the company. They speak with Bloomberg's Jonathan Ferro on "Bloomberg Markets: The Open." (Source: Bloomberg)
One of Nigeria's most well-known artistes, Harrysong has not been romantically linked to any lady up until now.
The post Harrysong denies ‘secret marriage' to Niger Delta ex-beauty queen appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
The Valley West 7-8 Year-Old All-Star Team defeated Franklin Township in the winner's bracket final and again in the championship game to capture the Hazleton Little League 7-8 Tournament.
Valley West went 4-0 in the tournament. A recap of the final two games follows.
Valley West 6
Franklin Twp. 4
Christopher Knelly pitched 3 2/3 Kid Pitch innings with five strikeouts, and powered the offense by going 3-for-3 with three doubles, two runs scored and an RBI, sparking Valley West past Franklin Township in the winner's bracket final.
Landyn Klinger went 2-for-3 with a double, single, RBI and run scored; Lucan Tranguch singled, drove in a run and scored one; and Derek Radzwich singled in a run for the winners.
Cole Jordan came on to close out the game on the mound, striking out the final batter.
Logan Bellis (double, single) and Cash White (two singles) both went 2-for-3, and Bellis drove in a pair of runs for Franklin Township. Grant Birnbaum and Braydon Ulshafer added two singles apiece.
Valley West 6
Franklin Twp. 4
Franklin Township battled back through the loser's bracket to get another shot at Valley West, but the guys from Conyngham were up to the challenge.
Valley West rallied from an early three-run deficit to take a 5-3 lead on seven first-inning singles. Valley West added four more runs in the third, then held off Franklin's own late rally to capture the championship.
Knelly capped a strong tournament with nine strikeouts in three hitless innings of Kid Pitch to lead Valley West. They did not allow a hit through four tournament games.
At the plate, Knelly, Klinger, Mason Rinker, Jordan, and Justin Welch all went 2-for-3 with a pair of singles. Klinger and Welch drove in runs, and Klinger, Jordan and Knelly all scored twice.
For Franklin Township, White, Bellis, Birnbaum and Ulshafer all had two hits. Bellis and Ulshafer each had a pair of RBIs.
District 18 8-10
Tournament
Valley West outlasted Hazle Township, 11-9, to capture the District 18 Little League 8-10 North Division crown Tuesday evening in Freeland.
Meanwhile, in the South Division, Towamensing topped Franklin Township 11-6 in their title game at Jim Thorpe.
Additional details from the two games were not provided.
Valley West and Towamensing will now square off in a best-of-three series for the overall District 18 8-10 championship.
The series, which will be played in Freeland, begins Saturday at 2 p.m. Game 2 is set for Sunday at 2, while a third game, if necessary, would be played Tuesday at 6 p.m.
The winner moves on to sectional play.
Rivals250 linebacker Osita Ekwonu is heading back to Notre Dame for an official visit on April 13th but the Charlotte (N.C.) Providence Day star is looking at plenty of other schools.  They are hoping to take all of their official visits and commit before the upcoming season. Watch the video above for all the details.
NOTES…
-Ekwonu visited Notre Dame twice and really likes everything Notre Dame has to offer on and off the field. They also have a very good relationship with the coaching staff.
-He wants to see Northwestern and Ohio State but those visits are not set.
Northwestern- Ekwonu likes the academics and football program. He's also noticed the history of Nigerian athletes going there.
Ohio State- They know they have great facilities, coaching staff, and education. They say the cancer research facility is one of the top in the nation.
-Duke, North Carolina, and Wake Forest coaches have made a strong impression.
-Attending the same college as their brother, Ikem Ekwonu, is something that they've talked about but it isn't a necessity.
-Ekwonu wants to finish their official visits this offseason and commit before the season.
RIVALS' REACTION…
It's hard not to see Notre Dame as the heavy favorite for Ekwonu but they are going to do their research on their other top contenders before making any decision. It will be interesting to hear Ekwonu's reaction after their visits to Northwestern and Ohio State. If Ekwonu were to insist on going to the same school as their brother, the most likely school would probably be Duke. The Blue Devils are very close to offering Ikem and Osita already holds a Duke offer. Of course, if Notre Dame or Northwestern were to pull the trigger also, that have a huge impact.
Ireland came mighty close to reaching the 2018 World Cup but it was not to be as a Christian Eriksen-inspired Denmark proved too good in Dublin.
Thoughts turned immediately to the future of boss Martin O'Neill and whether the veteran tactician would want to put themselves through the mill any more with a qualification campaign for Euro 2020.
After much deliberation, the former Aston Villa and Sunderland manager penned a new deal with the FAI in January and will guide their charges for the next couple of years.
It was touch and go, with several attractive Premier League vacancies during the season, but the 66-year-old clearly has unfinished business with the men in green.
Qualification for the European Championship will be high on the agenda but there is also a sense that the two-time European Cup winner will want to leave a legacy and something for their successor to build on.
With that in mind, O'Neill has called up five uncapped players for the upcoming friendly with Turkey as they look to the future.
Goalkeeper Kieran O'Hara plus defenders Declan Rice, Darragh Lenihan, Derrick Williams and Enda Stevens have been included in the squad as the manager looks for a blend of youth and experience.
All connected with the Republic side will be pleased that captain Seamus Coleman is back in the squad a year after suffering injury in a 2018 World Cup qualifier with Wales.
The delay in signing a new deal left fans and pundits frustrated and it may well be that O'Neill has to win the supporters over once again despite almost leading their men to consecutive major finals.
The best way to do that will be to get positive results and victory over the Turks would be the perfect way to start, while they will be on a revenge mission when facing France on May 28 in Paris after Les Blues knocked them out of Euro 2016.
There is no question that Ireland are in a period of transition, with a few players coming towards the end of their international careers and for O'Neill it will be about integrating the new faces into their squad.
Man management has always been their strong point, a fact born out when they spoke to Richard Keogh prior to leaving them out of their latest squad to give them a well-earned rest after a long campaign with Derby County.
Ireland seem a long way off challenging for major honours and, for a country the size of the Republic, making it to a World Cup or European Championship is an achievement in itself.
Once there, then anything can happen and nobody will ever forget the run to the quarter-finals in Italy ‘90 with Jack Charlton at the helm, and the popularity of sports betting in Ireland means that they will always be backed despite long odds.
The Geordie is part of Irish folklore and O'Neill would love to be spoken about in the same breath as the Englishman.
In what is likely to be their last job in football management, they have two years in which to do it.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
During a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend, far-right demonstrators including neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members were involved in violent clashes with counter-protesters.
A woman was killed and 19 other people were injured on Saturday when a car ran into a crowd protesting against the rally.
In the wake of the clashes, U.S. President Donald Trump was criticized from all sides for failing to explicitly condemn the white supremacy groups.
The violence comes at a time when hate groups are experiencing growth and higher prominence. According to research from the Southern Poverty Law Center released earlier this year, 917 hate groups were spread out across the U.S. in 2016 compared to 892 in 2015 and 784 in 2014.
Only 457 hate groups existed in the U.S. back in 1999, and their numbers hit an all-time high of 1,018 in 2011:
You will find more statistics at Statista
The organization identified 193 Black Separatist groups, as well as 130 active Ku Klux Klan groups. That is a sharp increase on 2014 when the country's most infamous supremacist organization had 72 groups.
Last year, the U.S. also had 101 anti-Muslim and 100 White Nationalist organizations. 99 neo-Nazi groups were also identified, along with 78 categorized as being Racist Skinhead.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
JEDDAH: Violence committed in the name of religion is not only the responsibility of those who adopt twisted ideologies, Secretary-General of the Muslim World League (MWL) Mohammad bin Abdul Karim Al-Issa told world leaders recently in the Italian capital of Rome.Religious institutions that fail to combat extremism and the educational systems that fail to focus on cross-cultural communication skills must also take the blame, they said.Al-Issa was speaking on the theme “Tackling Violence Committed in the Name of Religion” at a conference organized by the British Foreign Office and attended by religious and political leaders from around the world.In their speech, Al-Issa pointed out that “the world today suffers from the continuation of violence committed in the name of religion and the poor presence of influential religious and intellectual leaders.”He added: “Denunciation, condemnation, and declaring having nothing to do with extremism, violence, and terrorism are not enough for dealing with violence committed in the name of religion.“What matters is what we have done to rid the world of these epidemics, which are now using deceptive methods of which we must be aware.”Speaking of the shared responsibility for extremism, Al-Issa stressed that “every time violence in the name of religion was found, it was a result of the neglect of religious minds. Religious programs must focus more on instilling moral and behavioral values, promoting respect for diversity and differences, and strengthening the values of peace, love, and cooperation.”He continued: “Throughout history, religious wars have been waged for political ambitions and as a result of sectarian cleansing and cultural hegemony, which is hostile to other religions, cultures, and civilizations, while many sensible religious, intellectual, and political leaders have been either not playing any role at all or playing a weak role.“If these episodes of violence in the name of religion were not combated using a greater force, which is religious and intellectual activities, they will grow, multiply, and spread.“Most of this violence is based on an exclusionary, hate-filled ideology that does not wish to coexist with those who do not believe in the same ideas, and this mental imbalance stems from unhealthy social, educational, intellectual, and political roots.”Al-Issa believes it is courageous of religious leaders to hold themselves accountable for any ideological disorder that hides behind religion.“Only sensible people are capable of accepting differences and diversity, as well as understanding the values of religions,” they added, “The more honest, determined, and capable we are, the more likely we are to defeat extremism and help peace and harmony prevail in this world.”He continued: “We realize that the use of hard power in the face of ideologies and cultures often results in financial and moral losses, in addition to further deepening the conflict and its complexity. Wise people believe in soft power because ideologies can only be faced with ideologies, and this kind of power can uproot the corrupt plant as a whole. History has taught us an unforgettable lesson in this.”Al-Issa pointed out that violence in the name of religion expanded only in areas where extremist thoughts were not taken seriously — no matter the pretext: “Extremist ideologies sometimes lead to violence, and violence may lead to terrorism in ever-expanding episodes,” they added.Al-Issa explained that the MWL, a global Islamic institution headquartered in Makkah, acts as a reference for all Muslims. It has played an important role in countering extremist ideologies by developing many programs and initiatives as well as partnering with many religious bodies around the world — most recently, the Pontifical Council for Inter-Religious Dialogue.The MWL secretary-general stressed that, throughout history, political agendas have formed alliances with those who exploit religion in their favor because it is easy and most powerful to use religion as a tool for influencing the masses.He believes fighting extremism nowadays is tougher than ever owing to the creation of social media platforms, which made sending messages to the masses around the world and brainwashing them easy.Al-Issa concluded by urging everyone to realize the magnitude of the dangers facing the world. “We must work together to spread the cultures of civilized communication, love, respect, diversity, tolerance and coexistence,” they said, “Hate speech must be combated with great determination.”
Las Cruces police say Gene Enjady – who stands 5-feet-9-inches and weighs about 195 pounds – may be endangered. They could be heading to the nearby Mescalero Pueblo or Dulce in northern New Mexico.
Enjady has brown eyes and short gray hair. According to police, they were last seen wearing a brown jacket, blue jeans, brown boots and a black Vietnam veteran hat.
Some Art Van Furniture customers are hoping for big snow totals on Sunday after the company held another “Let It Snow” promotion in early January.
The company says customers at its three Toledo stores will get full refunds on purchases over $999 made between Friday January 5 and Monday January 8 if it snows at least 3 inches at Toledo Express Airport on Sunday.
The stores include Art Van Furniture, Scott Shuptrine Interiors and Art Van PureSleep stores in Toledo, Genoa and Findlay.
The Toledo Express Airport National Weather Measurement Station must record a snowfall of three inches or more between 12:01 a.m. and 11:59 p.m. on February 4.
As of Saturday evening snow 1”-3” of snow is expected.
This isn't the first time the furniture company has held the promotion.
In 2015, the company refunded over $400,000 to Toledo-area customers after a big snowstorm.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Community members hold a candlelight vigil at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs on Nov. 28, 2015, for victims of a shooting at the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood clinic the day before. Andy Cross / Denver Post via Getty Images
“After the elections, we uncovered more than three times the negative commentary … in terms of online speech,” said Saporta, going on to explain NAF's distinction between “negative commentary” and direct threats. “When people post things like ‘we should murder all abortion providers,' we consider that negative commentary. But if they say ‘Doctor so-and-so deserves to be killed,' that's a direct threat that we would turn over to law enforcement.”
Law enforcement, said Saporta, are invaluable in clinic violence prevention. NAF regularly works with the Justice Department's
National Task Force on Violence Against Health Care Providers — created after the 1998 shooting death in New York of Dr. Barnett Slepian — to track and report serious threats.
The Department of Justice's clinic violence task force oversees investigations and prosecutions in major cases of anti-abortion terrorism, but it also acts as an enforcer within the ranks, briefing and training police departments when local abortion providers are having a difficult time engaging them to investigate threats.
“ We're extraordinarily concerned about what a Justice Department under Sessions will do.”
With Sessions — notably anti-abortion in their personal views and known as a senator for favoring the anti-abortion movement — at the helm of the Justice Department, Saporta worries that some major changes could be on the way. And those changes could translate into a frightening uptick in violence.
“We're extraordinarily concerned about what a Justice Department under Sessions will do,” said Saporta. “We're concerned that they will not make investigating and prosecuting threats against providers a priority, and that they will not empower and resource the task force adequately to uphold federal law.”
The primary federal law used to prosecute anti-abortion offenders is the
Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act (FACE) passed in 1994. FACE made it illegal to interfere with, intimidate, obstruct, or damage a reproductive health care facility.
When asked about potential changes to abortion-related policy, the Justice Department declined to comment.
Sessions, who
said Roe v. Wade is “one of the worse, colossally erroneous Supreme Court decisions of all time,” doubled down on their anti-abortion conviction during their confirmation hearings for attorney general. Beyond their personal beliefs, though, Sessions' own Senate voting record paints the picture of someone who isn't ruffled by violence against abortion providers.
According to reproductive rights group NARAL, Sessions “
Repeatedly voted to allow violent, convicted anti-abortion offenders to escape their court-levied fines in bankruptcy.” They also voted against creating a fund to increase security at clinics that were routinely under attack.
Saporta and other abortion rights advocates find it especially disheartening that extremist anti-abortion groups like Operation Rescue have publicly endorsed Sessions. Operation Rescue President Troy Newman issued a
statement on Thursday cheering what they called the “strong pro-life convictions” of the new Attorney General.
“Under the Obama Administration, the Department of Justice turned a blind eye to abortion-related crimes, allowing abortion criminals to run amok over the lives of women and their babies. We look forward to a new era of justice where the laws of the land are enforced against those within the Abortion Cartel that have behaved as if they are above them,” said Newman.
Newman is a former board member for the Center for Medical Progress, the group behind a controversial series of videos that Planned Parenthood claimed used deceptive editing to make it seem like the organization's representatives were engaging in black-market sales of fetal limbs.
None of this looks good to Saporta, who said that the Center for Medical Progress videos appeared to be the cause of 2015's sudden explosion in violence against clinics.
“We saw what happened in 2015 when they kept repeating these false accusations, the murder and the arsons,” said Saporta. “We can't afford to go back to that place.”
Editor's Note: A previous version of this story reported that David Daledien was indicted by a Texas court in connection to the Planned Parenthood videos. The charges were subsequently dismissed. Additionally, an early version described Newman as being a board member for the Center for Medical Progress.  They are no longer listed as being associated with the group.
CHICAGO (AP) — Grammy Award-winning artist Chance the Rapper rode through the streets of their Chicago hometown as grand marshal of the city's back-to-school parade.
The 24-year-old rapper sat atop a white convertible waving at the crowds during Saturday's Bud Billiken Parade , which welcomes Chicago children back for the new school year.
It's not the first time Chance has been involved with Chicago Public Schools. Earlier this year they donated $1 million. They were also was part of an effort to distribute thousands of free backpacks stuffed with school supplies at the parade. He's also urged politicians to help the schools.
They told WLS-TV they want to “make sure everything is a little easier” for students, teachers and parents.
The rapper, whose name is Chancelor Bennett, won three Grammys in February. The parade started in 1929.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - Their first winning season in six years was nice. Making the playoffs, though, would have been so much sweeter for the improved Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"We're very close," cornerback Alterraun Verner said after Sunday's 17-16 victory over the Carolina Panthers left the Bucs (9-7) feeling good about their progress yet short of a goal of earning a postseason berth for the first time in nearly a decade.
"You work really hard to get to this point, to even have a shot," five-time Pro Bowl defensive tackle Gerald McCoy added. "We didn't get in, but the season was special."
With Jameis Winston and a revitalized defense leading the way, the Bucs rebounded from a 3-5 start to climb into contention for what would have been their first postseason appearance since 2007.
They entered the final day of the regular season needing to beat the Panthers, who fell on a failed 2-point conversion in the closing seconds, and also get favorable results from six other games.
To no one's surprise, they didn't get the necessary help.
"I was nervous about how we were going to fight (Sunday) just because, when you get to the end of an NFL season and it's pretty obvious you're not going to be in it ... you're fighting some human nature there that these guys are going to be thinking about what's next," coach Dirk Koetter said.
"I'm not the most patient person in the world. I think we have to remind ourselves, this is a tough league where every team has really good players and really good coaches. ... I believe a team is judged on how close they come to achieving up to their talent level," Koetter added. "I'll be honest with you, I think this team did a pretty good job in that area."
Winston threw a 10-yard scoring pass to Mike Evans to snap a fourth-quarter tie and became the first player in NFL history to start their career with consecutive 4,000-yard seasons. The 22-year-old also broke club single-season records for passing yards and touchdowns, while falling 64 yards short of Andrew Luck's league standard of 8,196 for the first two years of a career.
"I wanted to make it to the playoffs," said Winston, who broke Josh Freeman's team records for passing yards and touchdowns in a season, finishing with 4,090 yards and 28 TDs.
"My individual statistics don't mean a lot," Winston added. "Maybe when I get older, maybe I'll look back and laugh at it with my grandkids. Right now ... I just want to continue to get better."
Defending NFC champion Carolina (6-10) wrapped up a disappointing season , one in which six of the Panthers' 10 losses were by three or fewer points.
Cam Newton threw for 237 yards and three interceptions in the finale, but gave their team a chance to pull out a victory by driving 74 yards in 10 plays to pull within 17-16 on a 5-yard TD throw to Kelvin Benjamin.
Instead of kicking the extra point, Panthers coach Ron Rivera opted to go for 2 points. Newton's pass intended for Greg Olsen was batted away by safety Bradley McDougald as the Panthers tight end slipped in the end zone.
Newton played the entire game despite aggravating a shoulder injury. Brent Grimes returned one of Tampa Bay's interceptions 31 yards for a third-quarter TD.
"They asked me if I could go, and I said I could," Newton said, adding the injury did affect their throwing. "As a leader of the team, it's important to show I'm willing to leave it all out on the field. I take pride in putting a good product out there. Today wasn't good enough, but at the end of the day I could say I gave it my all."
HOW ABOUT THAT `D
Besides forcing three turnovers, the Bucs sacked Newton three times.
Carolina scored on Jonathan Stewart's 2-yard run on its first possession of the game, then didn't get into the end zone again until Newton led the Panthers down field after falling behind 17-10. The 2016 league MVP had a 47-yard completion to Benjamin and converted two fourth downs to get their team into position to try to win it.
The Panthers reached Tampa Bay territory on seven of 13 possessions, but Graham Gano missed three field goal attempts, including a 36-yarder that would have put Carolina up 13-10 with six minutes left.
"We had some opportunities to put some points on the board and we didn't," Rivera said.
WINNING RECORD, NO POSTSEASON
The Bucs have been here before. This is their first winning season since 2010, when Tampa Bay went 10-6 but also failed to earn a playoff berth.
FOURTH-QUARTER WOES
Carolina held Tampa Bay's offense in check, limiting Winston and Co. to a first-quarter field goal until the young Tampa Bay quarterback put together their team's go-ahead drive.
"The biggest takeaway from this season is, we've just got to do a better job of executing in the fourth quarter," Panthers linebacker Thomas Davis said. "Essentially what our season has come down to, if we make a few plays here and there in the fourth quarter, we have a much different season."
------
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP--NFL
NFL Network suspends 3 analysts accused of sexual harassment
NFL Network is suspending three prominent analysts in the wake of sexual harassment accusations.
The network announced on Monday that ex-NFL stars Marshall Faulk, Ike Taylor, and Heath Evans have been suspended after a suit was reportedly filed against them in Los Angeles Superior Court by former female colleague Jami Cantor, who used to be a wardrobe stylist for NFL Network.
Statement from @nflnetwork:
“Marshall Faulk, Ike Taylor, and Heath Evans have been suspended from their duties at NFL Network pending an investigation into these allegations.” #sportsbiz — Scott Soshnick (@soshnick) December 12, 2017
Bloomberg Magazine offered more details about the suit, which also mentions other former players-turned-analysts as well as executive Eric Weinberger.
Faulk is accused of asking “deeply personal and invasive questions” about Cantor's sex life as well as “fondl[ing] their breasts and grop[ing] them behind.” Meanwhile, Taylor allegedly sent Cantor “sexually inappropriate” pictures of themselves and a video of them masturbating in the shower, while retired Philadelphia Eagles star Donovan McNabb is also listed as having supposedly texted their “explicit comments.” Furthermore, Weinberger, who is currently serves as president of Bill Simmons' media group is accused of sending Cantor ““several nude pictures of themselves and sexually explicit texts” and “press[ing] their crotch against Cantor's shoulder and ask[ing] them to touch it.
Cantor originally filed the suit in October alleging sexual harassment, age discrimination, retaliation, wrongful termination and defamation.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Water was finally restored to the 30 block stretch of Doral at early Wednesday morning, hours later than expected.
The area that had been without water since a major main was ruptured Monday consists of businesses, including retail outlets, restaurants, a school and a hotel along NW 41st Street south to 34th Street.
While all have running water and working bathrooms now, a boil water advisory is in effect for water that is consumed, used to wash dishes or brush teeth. The water is safe for bathing and restrooms are again functioning.
The boil water advisory will not be lifted before sometime Friday at the earliest. The restored water must be tested and found free of contaminants for at least 48 hours before it can be consumed.
In a related note, Miami Dade College West Campus will resume classes on Thursday. Classes were canceled on the campus Wednesday due to street flooding from the main break and repair efforts.
The first three episodes of Amazon Prime India Original's 'The Remix' is out.
Amazon Prime India Originals have successfully delivered remixed versions of Bollywood songs. Reportedly, the show has grabbed eyes of big music companies.
The first three episodes saw the contestants jazzing up songs like 'O o jaane Jaana','Sheila Ki Jawani', 'Love Dose', 'Main Lovely Ho Gayiaan', 'Senorita' and others.Buzz is that music companies have approached to cut an album from songs performed on the show.
Amazon Prime Video have a bought a unique concept with 'The Remix' as it brings together DJ's and singers on the same platform performing and recreating iconic songs.
The Remix has given people a platform to showcase their talent in a unique way.
It is a popular format abroad and Amazon has got it here in India.
The Remix has brought few celebrated names from various fields together to get the digital content one notch higher. Karan Tacker, Amit Trivedi, Sunidhi Chauhan, and Nucleya are the judges of the show.
Earlier while speaking to Firstpost, Sunidhi had said, " What I love about the show is that a pair (DJ and vocalist) is given two to three days to prepare a song, so you also get to see the whole process of how it is made.
People usually don't know what goes into it, what makes it sound so different. Also, it's not the regular, commercialised remix that the contestants do; they actually recreate, recompose sounds, add elements to it... So it is totally different. This way, I think, people will be more educated about the remixes, in a more tasteful way."
The next episode of the show will get streamed on 23rd March 2018.
Amazon Prime Original The Remix is created and produced by Greymatter Entertainment and has been launched on 9th March 2018, exclusively on Amazon Prime Video.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
In response to the 1965 Watts Riots, social worker Bill Coggins decided to do something to help the community heal and transform.
A couple of years later, in 1967, a community benefit program called the Watts Counseling and Learning Center came into being in an attempt to revitalize the lives of the city's residents by providing counseling, outreach and educational services to the Watts community.
“At the time, a number of things were happening,” Dr. Chris Hickey, project manager of the center, said. “The federal government and state were thinking about things that could be done in the area, what could be done in the community with respect to education.”
It was then, they continued, that Coggins stepped in to better understand the community's needs and get input from community members themselves. With the ideas they collected from residents and their own, as well as investments by Kaiser Permanente of Southern California and their own, Coggins created the Watts Projects, whose name would eventually be changed.
The Watts Counseling and Learning Center has since provided numerous services to more than 5,000 people annually, Dr. Hickey said.
Among the services it offers is the Kids Can Cope counseling program, which provides support groups and counseling for children with loved ones who have a life-threatening illness. Family, parent-child and marriage counseling in both English and Spanish are just some of the other therapy services offered to the community.
The center also delivers outreach programs to students from elementary school to high school.
The Homework Help Clubs gives elementary school students after-school homework assistance, while the Youth Work Preparation Certificate Program invites high school students on a seven-week program that focuses on jobs in health care and work skills.
Those 16 years-of-age and older get the chance to take part in a youth employment program over the summer.
Internship programs also are offered to graduate students from local universities. Those interested in social work and educational therapy receive hands-on, professional experience at the center, where they are supervised by licensed staff.
This year, the center was honored at the California Science Center with a proclamation from political dignitaries, including county Supervisor Mark Ridley Thomas. Many — including Coggins himself, who is 90 and retired, and the center's Director Maria Aguirre — were there to celebrate.
“As the community transforms, we want to make sure we have a solid footprint,” Dr. Hickey said about what's to come. “We're thinking about how we can better our services and expand. We want to make sure we're here and to serve the community's ongoing needs and aid in its growth.”
For 50 years now, the Watts Counseling and Learning Center has provided mostly free services to thousands of Watts residents a year, whether or not they have a membership to a Kaiser Permanente Health Plan. And it hopes to do so for many more years to come.
“Our model is helping people grow,” Dr. Hickey said. “That's a theme that we always like to point out, and we've been here for 50 years doing that.”
INFORMATION BOX
Director: Maria Aguirre
Years in operation: 50
Annual budget: Not available
Number of employees: 37
Location: 1465 E. 103rd St., Los Angeles, 90002
Handmade in the Heartland
Super Bowl Sunday is almost here, which means the parties are almost here as well. Whether you are hosting a game day get-together or you are someone's guest, you want to put together some entertaining refreshments. From drinks to appetizers, to other game day foods, check out some of our top picks, starting with the above Mini Football BLTs by Handmade in the Heartland. For instructions on how to execute this cute and easy idea, click here. Now, read on below for more yummy game day options.
Raspberry Balsamic Meatballs
The Food Charlatan
Steak, Onion & Cheese Baked Wonton Cups
Meatballs are always a hit as appetizers at a party, so why not try this recipe that has a little twist on the classic dish. Click here to check out the full recipe by The Food Charlatan. This recipe can easily be made in a slow cooker.
Savvy Saving Couple
The Upbeat
This recipe is by Savvy Saving Couple . The ingredients that are included are 48 wontons wrappers, 1 1/2 lbs fresh shaved steak, pepper, garlic powder to taste steak, 1 tablespoon Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 1 medium sweet onion cut into thin rings, 1/2 cup Heluva Good! French Onion Dip (or any French Onion Dip) and 1 cup shredded cheddar. Click here for the full instructions on how to make this recipe.
Photo Credit: Patrick Galizio (CURICH WEISS)
Football Sandwich Cookies
The ingredients are .75 parts Drambuie, .75 parts Hendrick's Gin, 2 parts Darjeeling tea (cooled), .5 part Rose Simple Syrup, 2 dashes Peach Bitters and 1 part Sparkling Water. Combine Drambuie, Gin, and Simple Syrup in a mixing glass filled 3/4 with ice. Stir for 30 seconds to combine. Pour into an Old Fashioned glass with one large ice cube. Add 2 dashes of the bitters into each glass. Further sweeten with rose simple syrup to taste. Stir again. Finish with Sparkling water in each glass. Garnish with an orange slice. This recipe was created by Vance Henderson, Drambuie Ambassador.
Handmade in the Heartland
Buffalo Chicken Dip Ring With Blue Cheese Dip
With some devils food cake mix and a few other ingredients, you can make these adorable treats for your game day get-together. And, if you want to use food coloring, you can make the frosting match your team colors. Click here to check out the recipe via Handmade in the Heartland.
Carlsbad Cravings
Nutella and Banana Stuffed Crescent Rolls
How amazing is this option?! Full of calories? Yes. But, full of flavor? Definitely. It's two dips in one. Click here to get the recipe for this game day option, compliments of Carlsbad Cravings.
The Food Charlatan
Twisted Tea Cheese Dip
This Nutella and Banana Stuffed Crescent Rolls recipe is easy and amazing. It's a great dessert option for game day … or any day really. And, it only involves five ingredients. Check out the recipe by clicking here
Twisted Tea
For the Twisted Cheese Dip, the ingredients are 1 cup of Twisted Tea Hard Iced Tea, 1 tablespoon of cornstarch, ½ lb. of shredded cheddar cheese, and hot sauce is optional. To make the recipe, pour Twisted Tea into a saucepan on the edge of the grill. Dissolve cornstarch in a small bowl with some Twisted Tea. When tea comes to a boil, pour in cornstarch and swirl pan to mix. Slowly add shredded cheese, mixing the whole time until combined. Keep over medium heat, adding some hot sauce if you want a little kick.
On Sunday morning, the condemnation of President Donald Trump continued on both political sides.
Mike Huckabee, former presidential candidate and Arkansas Governor, defended our President.
This all started after Trump made comments condemning violence, but they left out two important words that could have changed their fate: “white supremacists.”
What they did say actually ignited the flame even more. See if you can guess why everyone was outraged.
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides. On many sides.”
That's right, you guessed it, “many sides.”
Although all parties were out of line, Trump fails to single out white nationalist protesters, which is why they are not looking good in the eye's of the public right now.
Huckabee wondered if Trump is being unfairly criticized for this whole mess when they appeared on “Justice with Judge Jeanine” on Fox News, Saturday Night.
They made mentions that Trump is being held to a double-standard, which was reported by Mediaite:
Huckabee issued another statement that honored the President for not jumping to conclusions before all of the facts were available to the public:
James Alex Fields Jr, a 20-year-old Ohio resident, is the driver of the car that bulldozed counter-protesters on Saturday, which resulted in the death of a 32-year-old woman and injury to at least a dozen more.
Fields is being held without bond, three counts of malicious wounding, pending charges of one count of second-degree murder, and one count of hit and run.
‘LIKE' if you are happy they are locked up.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CORAL GABLES (CBSMiami) – A group of concerned Coral Gables residents has rallied around their embattled police chief who they say is being targeted by the City Manager.
Earlier this month, Chief Ed Hudak had a six-page reprimand put into personnel file over a picture that surfaced of them with 14 of the city's police officers who were in bikinis.
The women were having a pool party and invited the chief to stop by. They did but when they asked them to stay, they declined but did pose for a picture which ended up online.
The fun turned into controversy when allegations were made that the chief, a 28 year veteran of law enforcement, had acted inappropriately.
Was there inappropriate contact or comments made between the chief and these 14 officers?
“Absolutely not,” said Attorney Osi Rind.
Rind represents the Coral Gables Fraternal Order of Police and the 14 officers who were at the pool party.
“When the officers came to the union and to me for help for this matter, we made it perfectly clear to the city before they even, to my knowledge, even started an investigation that any of these allegations were true,” Rind explained.
Despite their exoneration, City Manager Cathy Swanson-Rivenbark ordered a reprimand be put in Hudak's personnel accusing them of “immaturity”, “conduct unbecoming”, and failure to show “remorse.”
On Tuesday, members of “Save the Gables” rallied at City Hall in support of Hudak. They feel the reprimand was not only petty but part of a clear pattern of harassment and interference that began when Swanson-Rivenbark returned to the City in late 2014.
Unable to install their pick for police chief, Frank Fernandez, they created a new position of Assistant City Manager for Public Safety and placed Fernandez in the job in order to micromanage Chief Hudak and usurp their authority, according to the group.
During Tuesday's commission meeting, Swanson-Rivenbark revoked Hudak's reprimand, telling the packed house that it was in the best interest of the city.
Hudak then spoke to the crowd, tearing up as they did.
“I am very proud to be your Chief of Police and it is my honor to represent the men and women of the Coral Gables police department and the residents,” they said. “I appreciate the manager revisiting the issue today.”
Pakistani devotees react outside the closed gate of the shrine of 13th century Muslim Sufi saint Lal Shahbaz Qalandar, a day after a bomb blew up at the shrine in the town of Sehwan in Sindh province, some 200 kilometers northeast of the provincial capital Karachi.
Getty Images
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Lawrence Tikarama of Coca-Cola Amatil, the games sponsor; Vuli Waqa FSSAA secretary, Div Damodar of the Damodar Group and FSSAA President Marika Uluinaceva. Picture: PENI KOMAISAVAI
Update: 12:24AM THE commission of the new all weather tracks at the Churchill Park in Lautoka will be the reason for an exciting showdown at this weekend's Coca-Cola Fiji Secondary School National Athletics championships.
Fiji Secondary Schools Athletics Association President Marika Uluinaceva in their formal message for this years games published in the Games Programme said the athletics competition formed the base for success in other sports.
"The opening of the Lautoka all-weather athletics track starts to level the playing field in terms of preparation and we are predicting a most exciting showdown by Easter and Western schools in this years competition," Uluinaceva said.
"Today we dedicate the games to all families for their support and interest. The selfless contributions of those who went before us kept raising the standards and have left the ball in the hands of our athletes today, who will have qualified to join the rumble at the ANZ Stadium, Suva."
Two adults and one child were taken to the hospital for smoke inhalation Saturday after a fast-moving fire burned through their Oak Park home.
The fire started around 2 p.m. in the back of their home in the 5400 block of Grape Street and quickly spread to the roof.
The blaze was knocked down within 30 minutes.
Several pets were killed in the fire.
The cause of the fire has not been determined.
This is the second fire in as many days in the Oak Park neighborhood.
DETROIT — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
The tour said Wednesday that the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design.
As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
For how much longer are we citizens going to live in fear of terrorists and all the cowards who take people's lives?
We certainly want a deterrent. Those in Parliament who have voted on capital punishment are only a small fraction of the entire country. We, the residents, ought to have our opinions heard and be given a vote on such serious matters. No matter which MP we vote for, we want a Parliament which is putting innocent people's lives first. How much of our money has provided food and other important needs to such as Myra Hindley and Ian Brady who took children's lives in the 60s?
Yet we have people not in proper homes and with no food who are dependent on others. I would sooner my money go to these rather than terrorists who have taken or destroyed a person's most important possession, their life, some of which are children and even babies who have never had a life.
Kate Allsop
Beck Crescent, Mansfield (NB, this is NOT Mansfield's mayor but a resident of the same name)
WASHINGTON, N.C. (WNCT) — Brooke Butler was a high school student not too long ago. A student with a love for agriculture, FFA and horses and had one particular career goal in mind.
“I knew that when I was a first-year student in high school that I wanted to be an agriculture teacher,” said Beaufort County Community College student,” said Brooke Butler. “And I knew that there were only a few schools in North Carolina that allowed me the opportunity to be an agriculture teacher.”
NC State was their dream school, but that dream was slipping away.
“I wasn't ready to leave home,” said Butler. “And it was too expensive to go and I didn't want to take out a bunch of student loans.”
But that all changed when they went to Beaufort county community college and heard about their partnership with NC State.
“Packtrac program offers a clear pathway for students who are interested in transferring to NC State University in a major of agricultural and life sciences,” said Dean of arts and sciences, Lisa Hill. “They will complete their Associate's degree in science here, which will be 60-61 hours then they will transfer to NC State where they will complete two additional years for their Bachelor's degree.”
With the Packtrac program, Brooke can now stay home while still getting their degree and eventually end up at their dream school.
“I was shaking with excitement,” said Butler. “I was so excited that I was going to be able to go to the school of my dreams. As well as attend Beaufort Community College.”
“It is an amazing opportunity for students who are interested in staying at home,” said Hill. “Making that transition from high school to community college to the university.”
Beaufort County Community College is only one of three community schools in our state with this program. This one being the only one in eastern North Carolina.
WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve on Monday issued a set of proposed changes to its rules regarding intraday credit extensions to U.S. branches of foreign banking organizations.
The proposed rule would change the Fed system's approach to intraday credit, also known as daylight overdrafts, for U.S. branches of foreign banks. The proposal would eliminate the use of a bank's "strength of support assessment", or SOSA, ranking and its status as a Foreign Holding Company to determine an institution's daylight overdrafts.
SOSA rankings were originally developed as a linchpin of Fed supervision of foreign banking organization, but the system has largely moved on from the rankings and relied instead on other methods to assess an FBO's creditworthiness. The daylight overdraft policy and access to the discount window are, in fact, the only supervisory areas that still reference SOSA rankings, the proposal said.
The proposed rule would change the Fed system's approach to intraday credit, also known as daylight overdrafts, for U.S. branches of foreign banks. Bloomberg News
“The Board believes that this is an inefficient use of the Federal Reserve's supervisory resources, and that it should streamline the Federal Reserve's FBO supervision program by discontinuing the SOSA ranking,” the proposal said.
The proposal would also eliminate provisions that automatically give foreign holding companies greater daylight overdraft capacity than FBOs. Instead, the Board put forward “alternative methods” to assessing an FBO's creditworthiness, relying instead on the FBO's U.S. Operations Supervisory Composite Rating, the bank's home jurisdiction's adherence to the Basel Accords and the presence or absence of any outstanding Prompt Corrective Action designations.
The Fed board said that it expects the proposed changes to “reduce net debit caps for some FBOs” but noted that the new process would result in debit caps that are “better tailored to FBOs' actual usage of intraday credit and would not constrain FBOs' U.S. operations.”
Image copyright Getty Images
Shares rose in early trade as investors welcomed a cooling in rhetoric between the US and North Korea.
The UK market had fallen sharply at the end of last week as tensions appeared to escalate, with Donald Trump saying the US military was "locked and loaded" to deal with North Korea.
But on Monday, the FTSE 100 index was up 28.35 points at 7,338.31.
Banks saw some of the biggest gains, with Standard Chartered up 3.1% and Royal Bank of Scotland 1.5% higher.
"The markets have opened with an eerie note of calm at the start of a fresh week, as the US-North Korea tensions stalled over the weekend," said Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index.
"The fact that we didn't see an escalation in the rhetoric from either side over the weekend could be enough to trigger a recovery after last week's risk sell-off, and keep the markets focused on the economic fundamentals."
In the FTSE 250, shares in Ladbrokes Coral fell 2.3% after Credit Suisse cut its rating on the bookmaker to "underperform" from "neutral".
On the currency markets, the pound fell 0.1% against the dollar to $1.2998 and was unchanged against the euro at 1.1001 euros.
An Obion County man was arrested over the weekend on assorted charges, after attempting to flee from local law enforcement officers.
Tyrell Deshon McElrath, 18, of Union City is facing charges of aggravated robbery in Obion County; and shoplifting, resisting stop/halt, and criminal impersonation in Weakley County.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
TOPEKA — The Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) along with local health agencies have now identified a total of 10 cases of measles in the metro area.
On March 8, KDHE and the Johnson County Health Department were notified of a case of measles at a Johnson County day care. There have now been confirmed cases found in eight Johnson County residents, one Linn County resident, and one Miami County resident.
The Linn County case was associated with the Johnson County day care. The Miami County case was not.
In a statement, KDHE urged “people who are ill or exhibiting measles-like symptoms to stay at home unless they are seeking medical care. Before visiting a healthcare provider, call ahead so that the provider can take measures to protect other patients and staff.”
KDHE said they continue to investigate and are working to identify contacts. The agency released a list of locations and times that may carry a risk of measles.
If you visited these places at these times, be aware that you may have been exposed to measles:
*AMC Dine-In Studio 28 ; 12075 S. Strang Line Rd, Olathe, KS; March 9 from 3:30 PM to 7:30 PM
; 12075 S. Strang Line Rd, Olathe, KS; from 3:30 PM to 7:30 PM Aldi's ; 15290 W. 119th St Olathe, KS 66062; on March 2 from 3:00 PM to 5:00 PM
; 15290 W. 119th St Olathe, KS 66062; on from 3:00 PM to 5:00 PM Payless Discount Foods ; 2101 E. Santa Fe St, Olathe, KS; on March 6 from 10:00 AM to 12:30 PM
; 2101 E. Santa Fe St, Olathe, KS; on from 10:00 AM to 12:30 PM El Potro Mexican Café ; 602 N Pearl St, Paola, KS on March 7 from 4:00 PM to 8:00 PM
; 602 N Pearl St, Paola, KS on from 4:00 PM to 8:00 PM Children's Mercy Hospital Kansas Emergency Department ; 5808 W 110th St, Overland Park, KS on March 8 and March 10 in the morning
; 5808 W 110th St, Overland Park, KS on and in the morning Budget Coin Laundry ; 798 E Main St, Gardner, KS; on March 9 from 8:00 PM – 11:00 PM
; 798 E Main St, Gardner, KS; on from 8:00 PM – 11:00 PM Olathe YMCA swimming pool and locker room ; 21400 W. 153rd St, Olathe, KS; on March 10 from 9:30 AM to 1:00 PM
; 21400 W. 153rd St, Olathe, KS; on from 9:30 AM to 1:00 PM Bath and Body Works at Legends Outlets ; 1803 Village W Pkwy, Kansas City, KS; on March 10 from 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM
; 1803 Village W Pkwy, Kansas City, KS; on from 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM Crazy 8 at Legends Outlets ; 1843 Village W Pkwy, Kansas City, KS; on March 10 after 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM
; 1843 Village W Pkwy, Kansas City, KS; on after 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM Orange Leaf; 11524 W 135th St Overland Park, KS; on March 10 from 3:00 PM to 6:00 PM
For more information about measles, please visit the CDC website.
Bridgestone Tyre distributor looks to aid driving experience
Ganesh Parts and General Store, authorised distributors of Bridgestone Tyres in Guyana has a vested interest in ensuring that all Guyanese travel safely to their destination and save money while doing so. This is apart from their involvement in outfitting motor racers with the necessary tyres during events.
Bridgestone is the world leader in tyre manufacturing and safety and will partner with Ganesh Parts over the next week in Guyana to help ensure that drivers get the best information about tyre quality, safety and fuel savings, especially in these tough economic times.
Mr. Ivan A. Salas, an expert on the subject is being flown in at Ganesh Parts expense and will work with several local representatives to carry out FREE testing and talk with owners of fleets, taxi and bus services and mining companies about how they can save thousands of dollars in tire replacement and fuel just by simply having the proper amount and type of air in their tires.
It is not just Ganesh Parts and Bridgestone who have been talking about this important matter, former US President Barak Obama spent many years stating that people can save as much as 3% of their annual fuel, tyre and vehicle maintenance costs just by having the proper amount of air in their tires.
Members of the public are encouraged to visit Ganesh Parts locations on Robb Street and High Street to get more information, get their tyres tested and receive a FREE gift (while supplies last), or visit their Facebook page @ Ganesh Parts & General Store. You can also call 226-2127 and a friendly Ganesh Parts representative will answer all your questions.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
PANAMA CITY (CBSMiami) – A pretty neat video coming from one of the harder-hit areas from Subtropical Storm Alberto.
High winds from the storm on Monday caused something unusual at a hotel pool in Panama City Beach.
What's being called a mini-vortex could be seen spinning around the pool.
It actually launched a couple of pool floats into the air.
The video, which can be seen above, was shot by Justin Ray Parker Monday afternoon just as Alberto was moving onshore in nearby Laguna Beach.
Love Island Spoiler: Megan Admits They Still Like Wes But Is Scared Of 'Being Harsh On Alex'
Tonight's episode of Love Island sees the islanders backtrack on their recoupling choices, with Adam admitting they miss Zara and Megan opening up to Wes about still fancying him!
The Love Island villa has been well and truly shaken up after Casa Amor threw some major curveballs into the mix - Megan abandoned Wes just after they sacrificed their relationship with Laura and Adam decided they aren't going to wait for Zara by immediately jumping into bed with Darylle.
Love Island 2018: What Is The Prize And How Much Money Do The Winners Get?
But it seems the Spanish dust has settled and left some of the Islanders having a serious think about whether they've made the right decisions, which sees Megan taking Wes off for a sitdown and admitting they still fancy him, confessing: “I can't help but gravitate towards Wes.”
Picture: ITV
Meanwhile, equally itchy footed islander, Adam, is finally addressing their true feelings for Zara, whom they forgot about exactly one night's sleep after they were dumped and six new ladies were thrown into the mix. They admit to Darylle "My head is a bit all over the place.”
Darylle is none too impressed with their tattooed counterpart, telling them they feel abandoned in the main villa, saying: “It's been really awkward coming into this environment. You brought me here and I've seen none of you at all.”
Woah, this is the first rebounding we've witnessed this series - and it looks like it's about to cause just as much drama as when people get sacked off to begin with!
Picture: GIPHY
Download Our Brand New App For All The Latest Love Island News
Justin Fields is the No. 1-ranked high school football player in America, and some recruitniks think he's the best quarterback prospect in several years.
When Fields announced their decision Friday — complete with a local TV station helicopter overhead — the destination wasn't a surprise. Well, not in the sense of anticipation — Georgia has been the favorite to land Fields for months.
But it is a surprise because of the circumstances, and also the latest development in a peculiar trend for quarterback recruiting in college football. Elite high school quarterbacks are acting like NBA players, clustering at a handful of destinations.
The problem? Only one of them can play at a time.
Fields, who counts Cam Newton as a mentor and played for their summer 7-on-7 team, will join a Georgia roster that already features a battle for the present and future of the position. Jacob Eason — ex-Jets QB Tony's kid — arrived last season as a five-star first-year student and the No. 2 quarterback in the country, according to the 247Sports composite rankings. They started as a first-year student, but got injured early on this season.
Eason might not get their job back, because true first-year student Jake Fromm, another top-5 QB prospect, has helped the Bulldogs dispatch Notre Dame, Tennessee and Mississippi State and led them into the top 10 of the national rankings.
So Fields, who was once committed to Penn State and could pick any school in the country, decided to insert themselves into that competition.  They are a Georgia kid, and their sister is committed to join the Bulldogs as a softball player.
If Fields is truly the best QB prospect in years, he'll find a way onto the field for the Bulldogs. But there is some inherent risk — Eason and Fromm are also excellent prospects and will have more experience than him. They might have to be patient and wait theirs turn.
If there's something we've learned in the past decade, it's that blue-chip quarterbacks don't like to do that. There's almost no chance that all three of them will just stick it out and compete for the job — at least one will transfer before their careers are over.
Georgia is not alone with this “problem.” Alabama started first-year student Jalen Hurts at quarterback last year, but landed one of the three guys ranked ahead of Fromm, Tua Tagovailoa, and four-star prospect Mac Jones in the 2017 recruiting class. The Crimson Tide were also a finalist for Fields.
Junior Kelly Bryant has helped Clemson not miss a beat without Deshaun Watson, and the No. 2 quarterback from the 2017 class, Hunter Johnson, is behind them on the depth chart. That didn't stop Trevor Lawrence, the No. 2 QB in the 2018 class, from choosing the Tigers over, wait for it, Georgia.
There can be consequences to hoarding so much talent at the quarterback position. Alabama went into the national championship game last year against Clemson without a scholarship backup quarterback on the roster because four of them decided to leave the program as Hurts took control of the job.
Schools recruiting at the top of the sport — Alabama, Clemson, Ohio State, Florida State and include Georgia on that list now — are not going to start turning down elite QBs because they already have too many. It's going to be on the kids to decide if they really want to compete with other elite prospects, or try to find a better path to playing time.
The trend is clear: Most elite high school QBs think they're going to beat out whoever is front of them.
Fields is just the latest to accept that challenge, and Georgia could have the most talented collection of quarterbacks in the country next year because of it.
HOLLYWOOD, FLA. (WSVN) - A home in Hollywood went up in flames, Monday.
7Skyforce HD hovered over the scene of the house fire, near Crescent Drive and North 35th Street.
Several fire engines responded to the scene to put out the flames.
Firefighters said the flames started in the home's garage at the time.
It is unknown if anyone was home at the time.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
David Baldacci, New York Times Best Selling Author, has published 33 novels throughout their career so far. All have been national and international bestsellers, and several have been adapted for film and television. Their novels have been translated into more than 45 languages and sold in more than 80 countries; over 110 million copies are in print worldwide. As this week's Perspectives' guest, they join in discussion about their latest work, The Guilty.
Aired January 1, 2017
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
We always recommend delaying major macOS upgrades until Apple has had a chance to fix early bugs. The company has taken its first swing at the most egregious problems in macOS 10.13 High Sierra, not with the 10.13.1 update that we had expected, but with the “macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update.” It's highly focused, providing fixes for five specific problems:
It improves the robustness of the installer, which we hope will address reported issues with installations failing to complete.
It fixes a bug that caused the cursor in Adobe InDesign to look like a pixelated box. Unfortunately, Apple said nothing about problems that users of Adobe Illustrator are having with APFS — that may have to wait for 10.13.1 or an Illustrator update.
It eliminates a problem that prevented the user from deleting email messages from Yahoo accounts in Mail.
It fixes an embarrassing mistake in Disk Utility — it turns out that if you set a hint in Disk Utility when creating an encrypted APFS volume, the password was stored as the hint, making it trivially easy to decrypt the volume. Oops!
It requires the user password when prompting for keychain access, which should prevent malicious applications from extracting passwords from the system keychain by bypassing the keychain access prompt with a synthetic click.
macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update was 915 MB on my Retina iMac, and you can get it in the Updates screen of the App Store app.
Apple says that it has already built these fixes into new downloads of High Sierra, so if you haven't yet updated, you won't need the macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update. But if you have already upgraded to High Sierra, we recommend installing this one sooner rather than later.
Mikhail Bora, a prosecution witness in the Sheena Bora murder case, has written to the CBI alleging that there is a threat to their life from their mother Indrani Mukerjea, the prime accused.
The central agency approached the trial court here, seeking a direction to authorities in Assam — as Mikhail lives in Guwahati — to look into their safety concerns.
CBI officer K K Singh, who filed the application before the court, said they received an email on Monday morning from Mikhail, saying they feared for their life and that their mother, accused of killing their sister Sheen Bora, would try and harm them too.
“The authority concerned in Assam is required to be informed about the threat to the life of the witness,” the CBI application said.
The email alleged that Indrani, who is lodged in prison here, did not want their mother Durga Ranee Bora's will to be probated (to be certified as valid by the court), and hence they were using various means to harass Mikhail.
The will reportedly bequeaths all the property to Mikhail, cutting out Indrani.
“I stay all alone in the house with no help….I really fear for my life due to threat from Indrani Mukerjea,” the email said.
The court passed no order on the CBI plea, while continuing to record the testimony by Indrani's former secretary Kajal Sharma.
Indrani, their ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and their current husband and former media baron Peter Mukerjea are facing trial for the murder of Sheena Bora in April 2012.
Sheena was Indrani's daughter from an earlier relationship. Mikhail is their second child.
According to the CBI, Indrani, after murdering Sheena, tried to kill Mikhail too by spiking their drink, but they escaped.
The agency alleged that financial disputes led to Sheena's murder.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Equifax: 2.5 Million More Americans May Be Affected by Hack
Credit report company Equifax said Monday that an additional 2.5 million Americans may have been affected by the massive security breach of its systems, bringing the total to 145.5 million people who had their personal information accessed or stolen.
Equifax said the company it hired to investigate the breach, Mandiant, has concluded its investigation and plans to release the results "promptly." The company also said it would update its own notification for people who want to check if they were among those affected by Oct. 8.
The information stolen earlier this year included names, Social Security numbers, birth dates and addresses -- the kind of information that could put people at significant risk for identity theft.
While Equifax previously said up to 100,000 Canadian citizens may have been affected, it said Monday that the completed review did not bear that out and it determined that the information of only about 8,000 Canadian consumers was involved.
The update comes as Equifax's former CEO, Richard Smith, who announced their retirement last month, will testify in front of Congress starting Tuesday. He's expected to face bipartisan anger from politicians who have expressed outrage that a company tasked with securing vast amounts of personal data was unable to keep their security software up to date.
In prepared testimony, they apologized and said human error and technology failures allowed the data breach. They also apologized for the way the company handled the announcement of what happened.
"To each and every person affected by this breach, I am deeply sorry that this occurred," Smith said in their prepared remarks. "Whether your personal identifying information was compromised, or you have had to deal with the uncertainty of determining whether or not your personal data may have been compromised, I sincerely apologize. The company failed to prevent sensitive information from falling into the hands of wrongdoers."
Equifax also faces several state and federal inquiries and numerous class-action lawsuits. At least one state, Massachusetts, and the cities of San Francisco and Chicago have sued Equifax as well.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Burma's opposition Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) has lashed out at a government initiative to loosen travel restrictions for the holders of National Verification Cards (NVCs), which are to be issued to Rohingya refugees returning from Bangladesh.
In a statement released at a press conference on Tuesday, the former ruling USDP called on Minister for Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement Win Myat Aye to “specify, in a transparent manner, which restrictions will be loosened.”
The statement continues: “Security and rule of law in the nation are at critical risk. The party [USDP] strongly condemns Dr. Win Myat Aye's statement.”
On 19 April, Win Myat Aye said Rohingya returnees would be entitled to apply for NVCs as a step in the government's ongoing effort to register the mostly stateless Rohingya. They said those NVC holders would in turn be able to apply for citizenship in Burma within five months after they were “scrutinised according to the law.”
“Those who are entitled to become citizens will become citizens,” they told Reuters.
The minister further noted that the move to issue NVCs was one of the recommendations submitted by Kofi Annan's Rakhine Commission.
At today's press conference, USDP spokesperson Nandar Hla Myint said their party would submit their objections at an upcoming parliamentary session.
By Hayden Wright
After a rocky start to 2017, Mariah Carey seems to have hit their stride with new music and a new boyfriend. The elusive chanteuse split with Australian billionaire James Packer last year and quickly moved on with Bryan Tanaka, a backup dancer who appears on their docuseries Mariah's World. The pair shared an intimate Valentine's Day photo in a large copper bathtub.
Related: Mariah Carey Shares Music Video for ‘I Don't' Featuring YG
Mimi wished their followers a happy Valentine's Day and selected some hashtags: #happy, #moments and #bubbles. They seem to have put a public breakup and humiliating technical difficulties on New Year's Eve behind them Cheers!
Take a peek at Mariah's carefree, festive Valentine's Day here:
The 12-track album, Still On The Line: The Songs of Glen Campbell, was an opportunity for Raye to show their respect and admiration for Campbell.
“My hero... My Friend... Glen Campbell, is gone,” Raye said Tuesday. “My heart is heavy. A lot of memories… the end to a beautiful era in music. Their incredible legacy is what we have now. Thank you, my friend, for always treating me as an equal, though clearly I am not. May God comfort your sweet family, and welcome you into Their presence. The Heavenly Band just got way better. I love you, Glen. Happy trails.”
The album features Campbell hits such as Galveston, Gentle On My Mind, featuring Ricky Skaggs, and Rhinestone Cowboy, featuring Billy Dean.
Raye's searing ballads and electric performances have captivated country audiences for more than 25 years. With 16 No. 1 hits, 24 top 10s and 10 male vocalists of the year nominations, Raye has emerged as one of the great voices of the time. The De Queen, Ark. native rose to fame in 1991 with the timeless number one hit, “Love, Me.” In 1994, their music video for “Little Rock,” led to more than 100,000 phone calls to Alcoholics Anonymous from addicts seeking help. “Not That Different,” was a song that pleaded for tolerance, and “I Think About You” – awarded as video of the year by the Academy of Country Music in 1997 – exposed exploitation of women and children.
Their latest album projects include Their Love Remains, their first inspirational hymns album, as well as Still On The Line, a tribute album to Glen Campbell. In 2014, they released their autobiography, “A Voice Undefeated.” They have topped the charts with songs such as “In This Life,” “I Can Still Feel You” and “That's My Story.”
 They are currently performing across the U.S. on the Big 25 Tour. For more information on Raye and upcoming tour dates, visit collinraye.com.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
I bought my kids (6 and 8) their own iPads last fall. I'm a nice guy, and I'm fortunate to be able to afford it. However, I've come to realize that despite my attempts to spoil my kids, these iPads — and all iOS devices in general — are not meant for young children.
I realize this might be a controversial statement, especially because it runs counter to a lot of Apple's advertising. But hear me out.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be ways to lock down a device more than iOS currently allows. My kids don't need passcodes on their devices. They don't need to push notifications. They don't need Wallet or Apple Pay. Or custom keyboards. Or the option to change the region or date. They don't need almost anything in the Settings app.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be a way for apps to know what the allowed content ratings are. An app should be able to know that I've allowed only G- and PG-rated media on the device. The YouTube app wouldn't need its own rating system, and youtube.com would have some WebKit API to call to know to allow only kid-appropriate videos.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be a way to limit how long they can use their iPads. They'd get reminders when they have 15… 10… 5… 1… minute left of usage time, after which the device would lock and they wouldn't be able to get back in without the parental passcode.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be a way to make the iPad turn off when it's bedtime and not turn on again until morning. My son sometimes sneaks into our room and takes their iPad back from wherever we've stashed it, and then stays up until nearly midnight playing Angry Birds.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be a way to disable or hide all their games temporarily when they're supposed to be doing their homework. But you can't “hide” apps without straight-up deleting them. And all of the remote management systems out there that allow this requires device supervision (and not just MDM) and are a complete pain to set up and administer.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be a way for parents to remotely monitor how the kids are using their iPads. I'd have a dashboard view of how long they're spending in each app, and when they last used it, so I could verify that when they say they spent 15 minutes doing their homework in Lexia, they aren't trying to hide that they were really playing Angry Birds. I'd get to see what insipid YouTube videos they're watching, and I'd be able to remotely instruct the YouTube app to no longer allow videos that teach them to take their toys apart and repurpose them using Super Glue and nail polish.
If iPads were meant for kids, the parent remote control app on my iPhone would let me install apps on their iPads remotely. Ask-to-buy is pretty good, but I don't want my kids having access to the App Store at all, because then they tend to bug me to install the latest hot game. And then they end up whining about how they can't make any progress because I refuse to pay to unlock whatever gems/crystals/coins they need to advance.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be a way to completely turn off the idiotic “Finish setting up this device” nag that largely forces kids (because Red Dots Are Annoying™) to set passcodes they immediately forget. Again, my kids don't need passcodes on their devices.
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be a way to disable iMessage and FaceTime entirely except for a couple of allowed addresses. They can text daddy, mommy, grandma, and maybe some of their favorite aunts/uncles/cousins.
If iPads were meant for kids, then I, as a parent, would be able to set a parent passcode on a device to unlock it. Even when the kids have forgotten their passcodes for the 17th time, so I don't have to spend another hour or two getting the device into DFU mode, reinstalling iOS, and then re-downloading all of the apps they had that have now lost all of their locally stored data. (See “What to Do If Your iPad Gets Disabled By Too Many Passcode Entries,” 15 January 2018.)
If iPads were meant for kids, there would be real parental controls, not hacks that involve abusing the accessibility functionality of the devices. Guided Access just doesn't cut it.
If iPads were meant for kids, I would not be writing this post.
But, since none of these things exist and this post does, I have to conclude that iPads were not meant for kids. It boggles my mind that Apple pretends that they are because everything about iOS leads you to the inevitable conclusion that it's only for tech-savvy adults.
[Dave DeLong has years of experience developing Mac and iOS apps, including 7 years with Apple working as an engineer on the UIKit framework, a developer relations evangelist, lead engineer on the WWDC app, and an engineer on the Maps team.  They are currently a Senior iOS Engineer at Snap, Inc.]
A previous version of this article appeared on Dave DeLong's blog and is reprinted here with permission.
The famous slogan put forward by former President Mahinda Rajapaksa during their Presidential campaign trail in the North was “known devil is better than unknown angel”. However, the Northerners and the Easterners preferred the ‘unknown angel' for the ‘known devil' by helping to overthrow the Rajapaksa regime with their verdict ‘whatever devil is a devil' at the Presidential poll in 2015.
A few days after the landmark verdict given on school girl Vithya Sivaloganathan gruesome murder case with death sentences passed on seven of the accused, the former Economic Development Minister Basil Rajapaksa was in Jaffna to launch the political activities of their newly formed party Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna.
Having been a prominent Minister and being a member of the Rajapaksa family, Basil's visit to Jaffna last week was very significant in many ways as it was after the Presidential Poll defeat in 2015, Basil who was one of the main strategists of Mahinda Rajapaksa's Presidential election campaign visited Jaffna for the first time.
After the discussions they had in Jaffna with their party men Basil met the prominent Hindu and Catholic religious dignitaries and spoke to them on the present situation in the North.
Basil would have got the opportunity to read the pulse of the people in the North with the comment made by Rev. Gnanasampantha Paramachariyar, Chief Priest of the Nallur Gnanasampanthar Atheenam which is a foremost Hindu institution in Jaffna.
More than a spiritual leader the Reverend Gnanasampantha Paramachariyar is a person who remained in Jaffna and witnessed the terrifying conditions in the Peninsula when the turbulent conditions engulfed the region.
It is not only this Hindu dignitary even the Catholic Bishop of Jaffna is also an observer of the pre-and post war developments and their views as neutral persons were considered noteworthy by the local as well as the foreign dignitaries who pay courtesy calls on them.
Basil Rajapaksa was briefed on the present mind frame of the people of Jaffna by Rev. Gnanasampantha Paramachariyar. The Hindu dignitary said: “First of all the Buddhist fanatics in the South should be enlightened on strengthening peace and reconciliation in the country. Extremism in politics or religion shouldn't be allowed to derail the good efforts to strengthen the peace and reconciliation.”
As Sri Lanka is blessed with all major religions in the world, except for Buddhist clergy there were hardly any clergymen of other religions who flexed their muscles in the politics of the country.
So, the comment made by the Hindu dignitary from Jaffna to former Minister Basil Rajapaksa has clearly indicated that the efforts to strengthen peace and reconciliation should be carried out by getting rid of the involvement of Buddhist monks in politics.
Constructive move
Rev. Gnanasampantha Paramachariyar also mentioned categorically that the people in the North were not against any constructive move to bring about a political solution to the ethnic question.
Later, addressing the press at the Jaffna Press Club, Basil Rajapaksa spoke positively on several issues on the peace building process in the North.
Basil as Minister of Economic Development played a key role in rebuilding the post-war infrastructure facilities in the North and the East.
So as a former Minister focused on the Economic Development Basil speaking to the press in Jaffna emphasized on the need of releasing the lands still in the possession of the Security Forces in the North.
Basil thought they didn't meet the families of the involuntarily disappeared persons during their stay in Jaffna had pointed out the need of expediting the process to find a solution to the issue.
In the meantime Cabinet Spokesman and Minister of Health Dr. Rajitha Senaratne commenting on the visit of Basil Rajapaksa to Jaffna last week said that if former President Mahinda Rajapaksa had listened to Basil they wouldn't have lost the Presidential Poll in 2015.
Dr. Senaratne's comment is interesting as former President Mahinda Rajapaksa depended heavily on their brother Gotabaya Rajapaksa to bring an end to the separatist war militarily in the North.
However, even after ending the separatist war the former President depended more on Gotabaya instead of focusing on the economic oriented humanitarian activities and dealing effectively on the political front to build up the credibility of the North and East people.
So, Minister Dr. Rajitha Senaratne being a member of the Rajapaksa government was absolutely correct that former President Mahinda Rajapaksa depending on Gotabaya even in the post-war period had led to the neglect of several humanitarian issues shattering the hopes of the people in the North and the East who expected that early solutions would be reached in releasing the LTTE suspects as well as in meting out justice for the alleged atrocities committed during the three decades of separatist war.
Therefore, Basil Rajapaksa's visit to Jaffna last week was an ‘eye opener' for the previous regime to understand where they went wrong in getting the support of the Northerners and the Easterners as also a wakeup call to the present regime not to repeat the same errors their brother had committed in dealing with the North and the East.
(Source: Ceylon Today – By Manekshaw)
FRANKFORT, KY (WAVE) - "I feel like there are some legislative people who are dangling the benefits of widows with House Bill 185," Ashley Rodman said last week in Frankfort.
"Because our FOP is not backing the pension reform bill," claimed Rodman, concerned that the house committee will not hear the bill due to pension politics.
Lawmakers assured them that wasn't the case. After closed-door talks, the FOP president emerged and explained things in a more optimistic note.
"We were given assurances that we have a path forward to get this bill passed this session," Nicolai Jilek said last week.
Just days after that statement, the chamber took on a more amicable note Monday. They acknowledged the four widows of fallen Kentucky police officers one by one. In attendance in the gallery: Ashley Rodman, widow of slain LMPD Officer Nick Rodman; Amy Ellis, widow of slain Bardstown Police Officer Jason Ellis; Rebecca Tribby, widow of slain KSP Trooper Blake Tribby and Katie Ellis, widow of slain Richmond Police Officer Daniel Ellis.
With the four watching, the bill passed unanimously, 89-0, on Monday. HB185 guarantees 75 percent of a fallen officer's salary to their spouse and family, compared to the current 25 percent.
Supporting Heroes spokesperson Eric Johnson called the passage a small step forward and a way to thank those who put their lives on the line, as well as their loved ones.
"Because there are men and women like that who are drawn to serve, I think we as citizens should stand behind them by making sure and letting them know that their families will be taken care of if they should get their ultimate Call of Duty," Johnson said.
The bill now heads to the Senate for a vote before reaching the governor's desk.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Ramallah: Palestinians have reacted angrily to an Israeli draft bill that bans mosques from using loudspeakers for the call to prayer at night in Occupied Jerusalem and 1948 areas.
A new version of the Muezzin bill approved on Sunday prohibits the use of loudspeakers for religious purposes from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m., Xinhua news agency reported.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the bill, saying it “would drag the area to disaster”.
Abbas called for an immediate Arab and Muslim move to pressure Israel to annul the bill, according to a Palestinian National Authority (PNA) statement.
Palestinian Minister of Waqf and Religious Affairs Yousuf Edais said the bill was an attempt to make the Israeli-Palestinian conflict a religious one.
“It expresses racism that goes beyond politics and delves into religion,” Idais said.
The bill “is pushing the entire region into a religious war”, they warned.
In Israeli and the Palestinian territories, there are hundreds of mosques where the call to prayer takes place five times a day -- the first of which happens at dawn.
The bill was sponsored by two members of the Israeli parliament, or Knesset, representing the right-wing parties of Habayit Hayehudi and Likud, saying the calls to prayer early morning disturb the sleep of hundreds of thousands of Jews.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu approved the bill, saying people “of all religions have complained countless times about noise from the muezzin”.
PNA spokesperson Yousuf Al Mahmoud said the bill “was a violation of freedom to worship in Occupied Jerusalem”.
“It is unbelievable the long religious and cultural history of the city is being destroyed with the stroke of a pen,” Al Mahmoud said.
“The holy city in particular and Palestine in general had a history of respect and harmony between all residents regardless of their religious beliefs,” the spokesperson said.
Mahmoud Al Habbash, an advisor to Abbas on religious affairs, said the bill clearly shows that Israel is going ahead with its aggression on the Palestinian people and keeps challenging the world's will and the international law which allows free worshipping.
According to Israeli Radio, if the bill becomes law, it would apply to mosques in occupied east Jerusalem as well as Israel, but not to Al Haram Al Sharif, Islam's third holiest site in the old city.
Critics of the bill have argued the draft legislation was superfluous given existing noise regulations, and therefore could be construed as an attack specifically targeting the Muslim right to worship.
The current version of the “Muezzin bill” -- referring to the men responsible for the call to prayer -- only affects the call for Fajr (dawn) prayer.
The Nigerian Presidency As A Foster Parent Of Crimes -By Pius Adesanmi
Those who are confounded or surprised that the stash of cash found in Ikoyi – we have at least, hopefully, gone beyond the point of denying that cash was found – is now gradually snaking its way from the realms of crime and corruption to the less seedy atmosphere of a legitimate stash owned by the National Intelligence Agency.
Once that cover of legitimacy and purpose is given to the stash, a certain mission is accomplished and I will return to that mission presently. All that is left is a little bit more of national whining – NIA was a bit careless in handling their money, EFCC, as usual, was not up to par, and the Lagos State Government tori Olorun! You don't know who owns properties and flats within the properties. No records? No taxes? Even Oba Ado, who ruled Lagos from 1630 – 1669 as the first Oba of Lagos, kept better records. But, thank God sha, the money is legit. No crime was really committed. Just incompetence by NIA, EFCC, Lagos State Government, etc.
Those who are surprised that things appear to be moving along these lines ignore the long history of the Nigerian state – embodied by the Presidency – in serving as the foster parent of high crimes committed by Nigerians who operate above the state, above the constitution, above all mechanisms and apparatuses of the Nigerian state- Generals, powerful political dynasties, powerful economic dynasties, old money, etc. Once in a while, some new money is allowed into this hallowed circle of the owners of Nigeria. Some very powerful prosperity Pentecostal mega-Pastors are also members of the club.
There is no high stakes, global-level crime in Nigeria that occurs beyond the orbit of this powerful confederacy of illicit interests. Yet, they must not be touched for they are sacred cows. A Nigerian president serves at their pleasure, holds the Presidency in trust for them.
It is in this sense that the Nigerian state has repeatedly had to serve as a foster parent of high stakes crimes for much of our post-colonial history, providing cover, providing rationalization, providing a coherent narrative for such crimes, and, where necessary, providing prosecutable fall guys who face heavily mediatized trials.
Forget the Ikoyi billions for a while and come down memory lane with me. Nothing much. Just recent memory.
In 2004, Nigeria recorded another first in their long history of high-stakes criminality when two mega oil tankers, MT African Pride and MT Jimoh, vanished into thin air after having been arrested for oil bunkering by the Nigerian authorities. Yes, two oil tankers, containing millions of barrels of crude oil just simply vanished in broad daylight from Nigerian custody.
The international embarrassment was great for Nigeria. How can two mega oil tankers just vanish? Eventually sha, they found MT Jimoh. Eventually sha, some naval officers (fall guys) faced a court martial and were dismissed from the Navy.
Had my five-year-old daughter followed this story, even they would have understood that the crime we are talking about was way beyond the pay grade of the naval officers arrested and convicted by the Nigerian state. They would have understood that the Nigerian state – the Presidency – became the foster parent of that crime to protect very powerful people – the sacred cows in the confederacy of illicit interests. The Nigerian state provided a cover, a coherent narrative for an extensive crime. Some naval officers were arrested, tried, a jailed.
End. Of. Story.
Siemens and Halliburton are other examples of high stakes crimes in the foster care of the Nigerian presidency. All the individuals involved are Generals and old money – members plenipotentiary of the confederacy of illicit interests in charge of Nigeria, hence their crimes must be owned and given cover by the Nigerian Presidency.
Malabu, the latest entrant into the firmament of high stakes crimes, boasts Don Fortunato as protagonist, just as Siemens and Halliburton boasted Obasanjo, Abdulsalam Abubakar, and other Generals as protagonists.
There were threats of trials and rumbles of prosecution for Siemens and Halliburton but only the unwary did not know that the Nigerian Presidency was on its way to adopting the two crimes into its foster care. There are threats of trials and rumbles of prosecution for Malabu but Don Fortunato is also a member of the family – the confederacy of illicit interests. In time, Malabu will disappear into the archives of crimes owned by the Nigerian state to protect individuals.
A jet was caught ferrying illicit cash to South Africa. The narrative involved a jet owned or leased by Pastor Ayo Oritsejafor, de facto Pastor-General of the Federation and spiritual leader of the Nigerian President at the time. The Nigerian state moved in to own that crime as its foster parent.
Even more intriguing and less known to the public was the high-level involvement of the Nigerian state in protecting Pastor T.B. Joshua by literally owning and foster parenting their crime.
Pastor T.B. Joshua violated extant building codes in Lagos state, their building collapsed, making them criminally responsible for the deaths of hundreds of people, especially South Africans. The South African state went into shock. It was the largest loss of South African lives outside of South Africa in their history.
Anger gave way to a determination by the South African state to go after T.B. Joshua. First, the South African media wanted to send investigation teams to Lagos. Suddenly and somehow, South African journalists couldn't obtain visas to Nigeria. Abuja had given the message to its mission in South Africa: we don't want SA journalists to come and disturb Pastor.
Then came high-media public visits by President Jonathan and Governor Raji Falola to T.B. Joshua. Nigerians saw condolence visits on TV but that was not what was going on. What was going on was a clear message to the South Africans: we got this one. We got the Pastor's back.  They are one of ours. Back off!
Till date, T.B. Joshua has never answered for their crime. The Government of Lagos state made some noise about building codes and there were rumors and rumbles of trial and prosecution before that episode settled into the archives of crimes owned by the Nigerian state as a foster parent.
Enter the Ikoyi billions and the same pattern is emerging. I am writing this piece so that President Buhari will not be deceived by their supporters and praise singers that any Nigerian is prepared to buy the silly story that the Ikoyi billions belong to NIA. I would not even insult my five-year-old daughter with such a stupid narrative. This is a familiar pattern by which yet another high-stakes crime will be owned and normalized by the Nigerian state.
It would be a shame if President Buhari allows this to happen on their watch. It would be yet another nail in the coffin of their mortally wounded anti-corruption war, another tear in the tattered rags of change. My own suspicion is that the Ikoyi funds are owned by individuals and interests spanning PDP and APC, Christians and Muslims, and a multiplicity of ethnicities.
For when members of the confederacy of illicit interests who own Nigeria commit crimes at this level, they go by a scrupulous respect for Federal character as we witnessed in the spread of Dasuki's largesse.
Among them, there is no APC, no PDP, no Christians, no Muslims, no Hausa, Yoruba, and Igbo. Only a national cake on the table. It is only among their mostly diseducated followers that you find such divisions.
The only reason that the identities of the owners of the Ikoyi billion cannot be revealed and an institution of the Nigerian state – NIA – must be given marching orders to own the crime is that there is unity of purpose in the confederacy of illicit interests. They are always wiser than their followers.
The long search continues for the President who will discontinue the role of the Nigerian Presidency as a foster parent of crimes.
Comments
comments
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LOS ANGELES (CBSMiami/AP) — While accepting the best actor award at the Golden Globes in 2012 for “The Iron Lady,” Meryl Streep took a moment to thank the almighty — “God, Harvey Weinstein.”
For decades, Weinstein has held a lofty position in Hollywood as one of the industry's most powerful figures — an old-school, larger-than-life movie mogul who was never shy about throwing their weight around. “The Punisher. Old Testament, I guess,” Streep added that night to laughter and applause.
But Weinstein's name — such a regular refrain on countless Oscar nights — on Thursday rang out in a different way. In a bombshell expose, The New York Times reported that Weinstein had reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. With allegations levied by actores including Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax, the report detailed decades of abuse.
The 65-year-old Weinstein, in a lengthy written statement, said they would take a leave of absence from their company. But many in Hollywood are wondering if Weinstein's leave might be permanent. Is this, like the accusations that felled Bill Cosby and Roger Ailes, the end for the sharp-elbowed independent film pioneer whose editing-room meddling earned them the nickname “Harvey Scissorhands” and whose unprecedented run of Oscar glory made them a Hollywood deity?
“Harvey Weinstein's career in Hollywood is likely over,” declared industry trade Variety.
Others were less sure if this was indeed the downfall of Weinstein, who has weathered downturns and bankruptcy before. Weinstein was contrite in their statement, acknowledging “the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain.” They added: “I want a second chance in the community but I know I've got work to do to earn it.”
Representatives for The Weinstein Co. didn't respond to questions about the mogul's status on Thursday. The company's Board of Directors was to meet to discuss Weinstein's future. If Weinstein were to be ousted or step down, leadership could potentially be transferred to Weinstein's brother Bob, who serves as co-chairperson, and David Glasser, the president and chief operating officer.
“I don't know if he's done because Harvey is the kind of person who has the ability to rise again, which they have done so many times from a business perspective,” said Sharon Waxman, CEO and founder of trade website The Wrap, and author of “Rebels on the Backlot.”
“If they can make amends, if they can apologize then I think a lot of things are possible,” said Waxman. “Hollywood is not public office, you are not required to have a morality clause necessarily. It's business. And ultimately they have to run their business which has also survived near death experiences many, many times, and has also been sold for $600 million. I would say it's up to them as to whether they survive in Hollywood.”
Weinstein's attorneys signaled a fight is still to come. Weinstein's attorney Charles J. Harder, who recently waged a successful suit for Hulk Hogan against Gawker, said in a statement that the Times story is “saturated with false and defamatory statements about Harvey Weinstein.” In an interview with the New York Post, Weinstein alleged the Times has “a vendetta” against him, and said “the next time I see (New York Times Executive Editor) Dean Baquet it will be across a courtroom.”
A spokesperson for The New York Times responded: “We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting.”
But while the misdeeds and manipulations of Hollywood producers have long been considered a constant of the movie business, the passionate reactions on Thursday suggested a dearth of forgiveness for Weinstein.
“Anyone who does business with (blank space) is complicit,” actor Rose McGowan tweeted. The New York Times reported that a settlement of $100,000 was paid to McGowan by Weinstein after an incident in 1997 when they were 23.
Ashley Judd recounted an incident from two decades ago in which they said they were asked to meet Weinstein in their hotel room. Weinstein greeted them wearing a bathrobe and asked them if they could give them a massage or if they would watch them shower, the paper reported. “Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly,” Judd told the Times.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, sensed a shift in the response to the allegations against Weinstein.
“In the past, this many people in Hollywood would never have come forward against a big Hollywood Poobah like this,” said Rushfield. “If they had, the story would have gone nowhere. And if it had, the subject could have been changed, laughed off, done six months in a penalty box and come back.”
“The problem is there's going to be a cost to association with him. Anybody who makes a movie with them now is going to be subjected to questions about it,” said Rushfield. They added: “He's going to be untouchable and I don't think in the internet age that goes away. Those stories are there.”
Weinstein's stature was also already diminished. They have had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades, producing films like “Pulp Fiction” and “Shakespeare in Love,” for which they won an Oscar. They masterminded extremely successful Oscar campaigns with their company Miramax, which they ran with their brother. The brothers sold Miramax to Walt Disney Co. in 1993. Twelve years later, they left Miramax to found their namesake company. More Oscar wins followed, including back-to-back best-picture winners in 2011 and 2012 with “The King's Speech” and “The Artist.”
But in recent years, The Weinstein Company has suffered from a string of executive exits, mounting lawsuits and increasingly hectic distribution decisions. In 2016, the company didn't receive a best-picture nomination for the first time since 2008. Weinstein returned to the category with “Lion” at this year's Oscars, but their pre-eminence as an Academy Awards heavyweight has waned.
Money problems have plagued the company intermittently since 2009, when it entered bankruptcy. Last year, The Weinstein Co. continually shuffled release dates and delayed films amid reports that it was too cash-strapped to put a full slate of films into theaters. Some 50 staffers were let go.
Movies like “The Founder” and “Tulip Fever” were juggled over numerous release date shifts. After “The Founder,” with Michael Keaton, was released in January along with the Matthew McConaughey-led “Gold,” the co-financier of “The Founder,” FilmNation, sued The Weinstein Company for $15 million, alleging Weinstein violated the non-compete clause of their agreement.
The Weinstein Co. had a modest hit this summer with the acclaimed thriller “Wind River.” The $11 million film has made $33 million. But the company's fall season awards hopeful “The Current War,” with Benedict Cumberbatch, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to withering reviews.
Instead, other leaders in independent film have stepped forward, including “Moonlight” distributor A24 and Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures.
“Women face serious repercussions for sharing their experiences and deserve our full support,” Ellison said on Twitter. “I admire the courage of these women.”
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
This story is about Published 58m
Five years ago today, the Dallas Stars stole Tyler Seguin from the Boston Bruins in a trade Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Michael Dwyer/AP Dallas Stars' Tyler Seguin (91) readies for a face off during the first period of an NHL hockey game against the Boston Bruins in Boston, Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)
By Joshua Friemel , Staff Writer Contact Joshua Friemel on Twitter: @Josh_Friemel
Editor's note: This post has been brought back and updated. There have been plenty of Jim Nill moment in their time with the Dallas Stars. There's been the good (2015 Jason Spezza, Ben Bishop) and the bad (2017 Jason Spezza, Antti Niemi). But nothing really compares to what they did five years ago today. Nill had been with the Stars for just over two months when they traded for Tyler Seguin. Inversely, the Bruins pulled the trigger on the deal just 10 days after losing in the Stanley Cup Final to the Chicago Blackhawks. The deal: Boston sent Seguin, Rich Peverley and Ryan Button for Loui Eriksson, Reilly Smith, Matt Fraser and Joe Morrow.
What makes the trade extra sweet for Dallas is the fact that none of the four pieces it gave up to get Seguin were on Boston's roster a mere four years later after the trade. Meanwhile Seguin has nearly been a point-per-game player for the Stars tallying 384 [173 goals and 211 assists]. They have scored at least 26 goals per season every year in Dallas and reached 40 for the first time in their career in 2017. Oh, and he's been a four-time All-Star as well. Hockey News' Jared Clinton sums up the trade pretty well here: At the time of the Bruins-Stars swap in 2013, most anyone would have said the return was uneven, a definite win for Dallas. That came with caveats, however, with the potential for Eriksson, Smith and Morrow to become fixtures of the Bruins' lineup as the one way for Boston to win some portion of the trade. Four years later, though, a bad deal looks worse, and as Seguin continues to succeed with the Stars, the Bruins are now officially left without any trace of arguably their most significant trade of the past decade. Celebrate the trade with some of our best Seguin stories below: How former Boston problem child Tyler Seguin became the next big thing for Dallas Stars
/ Dallas Stars forward Tyler Seguin at the Stars practice facility (Dr Pepper Arena in Frisco October 2, 2014. (Nathan Hunsinger/The Dallas Morning News)
Click/tap here to read the story. Tyler Seguin revealed: Their big house, Bieber love and how they shredded their bad-boy image
/ Nicole Berinshteyn, 13, of Plano, Texas, hugs Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin while Seguin meets fans at Rally House in Dallas Monday March 14, 2016. (Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News)
Click/tap to read the story here. Quick preview: Tyler Seguin wasn't due until 5:45 p.m., but the line for this meet-and-greet at the Rally House Alpha sports boutique formed much earlier. Would you believe 1 p.m.? On a Monday? For a hockey player? In Dallas? By evening's end, 500-plus fans, roughly 60-percent of them female, got one-on-one face time with 24-year-old Star-attraction Seguin. Some came from out of state, including two young ladies from New Jersey. "He's good at hockey," explained Amy Simons, one of the Garden Staters.
10 things you might not know about Dallas Stars forward Tyler Seguin, including their chocolate lab, tattoos
"And he's good-looking," chimed the other, AnnMarie Lapelosa. "Not gonna lie." Days later, Seguin's mother, Jackie, was told of the numerous blushing, tongue-tied teen girls who took selfies with Tyler and wobbled out of Rally House in shock. "Just as long as he's polite and kind to everybody," Jackie said. "Because Tyler's just Tyler. He's no superstar to me. He's just my son." Though they were 1,400 miles away in the Seguins' hometown of Brampton, Ontario, Jackie need not have worried about Tyler's Rally House manners. They made friendly small talk, shook every hand and looked each fan in the eyes. The event was supposed to end at 7, but at 6:49 chants of "Tyler, Tyler!" rang through the store when, with Seguin's blessing, extra fans were ushered in. They treated the last person, at 7:13, the same as the first -- in the manner they say they were taught as a kid by their father, Paul. Boston GM: Bruins 'probably could have done some things differently' with Stars' Tyler Seguin
/ Dallas Stars' Tyler Seguin (91) celebrates their goal during the second period of an NHL hockey game against the Boston Bruins in Boston, Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)
You don't say? Click/tap here to read more. Mike Modano 2.0? How Tyler Seguin's evolution led Dallas back to the playoff picture
/ Photos by Getty Images -- Jared Silber, Richard Wolowicz / Illustration by Joshua Friemel -- The Dallas Morning News Mike Modano (left) and Tyler Seguin.
The fate of the Nissan Z has been up the air for a number of years. One minute, it seems the Z will be killed off. The next, Nissan is figuring out how to keep the Z alive. This brings us neatly to a report from Autocar which says a new Z car is expected in 2020. But after reading this report, we have some questions as to the validity of this information.
According to "senior officials from Nissan," the new Z car has the codename of Z35 and will share a number of components with the Infiniti Q60 Coupe including the rear-drive platform and engines. Using the Q60's platform would make the Z a bit larger - the Q60's length is 17 inches longer and the wheelbase is about a foot longer.
Power will come from a twin-turbo 3.0L V6 engine from the Q50 and Q60 producing 400 horsepower. There will also be a high-performance NISMO model that will use a re-tuned version of the twin-turbo V6 to produce 475 horsepower and be paired with an all-wheel drive system.
But this report has a huge red flag.
Quote Although it's still early days, Autocar understands that Nissan intends to reveal the styling of the new Z car in concept form at the 2018 Tokyo motor show in October.
Emphasis ours. The issue is that there will not be a 2018 Tokyo Moto Show. It is a bi-annual auto show. The last one took place in 2017, meaning the next one will not happen till 2019. This also puts a red flag on the reveal of the production model at the 2019 LA Auto Show.
This report comes a week after another rumor about the Z car was debunked. Japanese site Response reported that Nissan has asked their partner Mercedes-Benz on developing a new Z car. Using a Mercedes-Benz platform, the new Z would be offered with two engines. A 2.0L turbo-four from Mercedes as the base and the twin-turbo V6 from Infiniti. But as Japanese Nostalgic Car notes in their report, "the automotive rumor mill in Japan is like 1990s Motor Trend on crack." The partnership between Nissan and Diamler hit a rough patch earlier this year as Reuters reported that Infiniti would not use Mercedes' MFA2 modular platform due to cost issues. The new QX50 which was supposed to be the Infiniti vehicle to use this new platform would instead use its own unique platform.
Motor Trend would deliver the final nail in the coffin of this rumor. According to their sources, Mercedes and Nissan did talk about the possibility of working together on a new platform that would be shared between the Z and SLC roadster. But these talks reportedly went nowhere. Also, Mercedes is planning to kill off the SLC once production of the current model ends.
We know that Nissan does want to keep the Z alive from comments made by Philippe Klein, Nissan's chief planning officer back in January.
Quote "The Z is a difficult market. It is rather shrinking worldwide. But we still believe there is a place for the Z and we want to keep it alive, and that's what we're working on," said Klein to Automotive News at the Detroit Auto Show earlier this month. "That's for the midterm. For the long term, there are other considerations. If we do a complete new vehicle, what should it be to keep the passion alive? And we're working very seriously on this — how we can keep the Z alive and refreshing and what would be the next generation?" 2
As of right now, your guess is as good as ours.
Source: Autocar
WEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - A community in mourning engaged in a moment of silent solidarity for the six people who lost their lives when a pedestrian bridge collapsed near Florida International University.
The FIU flag flew at half-staff in front of Graham Center Monday, as school administrators, faculty and students held hands and observed a moment of silence at 1:47 p.m.
That time marks the moment on Thursday when the bridge came down along Southwest Eighth Street.
FIU President Mark Rosenberg was at the center of the gathering but did not speak publicly afterwards.
Students who were just returning from spring break said they felt compelled to take part in the solemn occasion.
“I just want to show that I care and that I am supportive,” said Rhea Berry. “I think everybody who was out here, it's important for them to be out here.”
“I'm here to support. I'm an FIU student, so it could have been any of us,” said Maia Castro.
“It's important to show solidarity to the people that are affected,” said Zach Lendzian. “Every little thing counts, and I know that it meant a lot to the people who were affected that we were here.”
Additional events will take place through the week to honor the victims.
A blood drive will take place Tuesday in Lot 33, adjacent to the Graham Center Ballrooms in the main campus, from 11:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
On Wednesday, the Student Government Association will hold a vigil for the victims at 10 a.m. in the Graham Center Ballrooms.
Alpha Xi Delta, the sorority that victim Alexa Duran belonged to, will also be holding a remembrance event on Thursday evening.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — Allison Mack, the TV actor who starred in The CW network's "Smallville," was bailed out of jail on Tuesday and met with a chaotic scene outside a courthouse where she's charged with helping recruit women as sex slaves for the leader of a self-improvement group in upstate New York.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed to release Mack, who was arrested last week, on $5 million bond and place them under home detention in California. She'll be living with their parents at their home in Los Alamitos as they await trial.
Mack, 35, appeared in tan jail smocks for a brief court appearance. They only spoke to answer "yes" when the judge asked them if they understood the bail conditions.
Among those conditions: No contact with current or former members of the secretive group known as NXIVM. She'll also be subject to electronic monitoring and restrictions on computer and cellphone use.
By the time Mack left the courthouse more than two hours later, they had switched into a jean jacket, gray slacks and sneakers. They stared straight ahead in silence as they and their lawyers fought through a media scrum to a waiting car, with at least three photographers tripping over each other and toppling to the sidewalk along the way.
The actor played Chloe Sullivan, a teenage friend of Superman, on "Smallville." Since that series ended in 2011, they have played only minor roles.
Prosecutors said they helped recruit women for NXIVM leader Keith Raniere by telling them that they were joining a purported female mentorship group, prosecutors said. Instead, the victims "were exploited, both sexually and for their labor," and even branded with Raniere's initials, prosecutors said.
Federal authorities raided a residence near Albany where NXIVM was headquartered in March. The organization also ran programs in Mexico.
Raniere, 57, was arrested in Mexico, brought to the U.S. on March 26 and is being held without bail in Brooklyn on sex-trafficking charges.
At the time of Raniere's capture, Mack was living with them at a luxury villa in Puerto Vallarta, according to court papers.
/ Front page / News
Update: 5:09PM TWO families in Nadi are homeless after fire destroyed a two-flat property in Sonaisali this morning.
The National Fire Authority said it responded to a call at 3.48am and upon arrival at 4.10am the corrugated iron and timber dwelling was fully engulfed.
No one was hurt and the NFA is investigating the incident.
1. Sean Miller, Arizona: Let's think about this for a second. As of today, Sean Miller has Arizona sitting in sole possession of first place in the Pac-12, a league that counts three top ten teams as members, despite the fact that there are very few people that would think that the Wildcats are the best team in the conference (that would be Oregon) or the most dangerous team in the conference (hello, UCLA). And he's doing that despite the fact that their best player, Allonzo Trier, missed the first 19 games of the season, their star recruit, Terrence Ferguson, went pro in Australia and last year's star recruit, Ray Smith, tore their ACL for the third time. Should I mention that the Wildcats have as many question marks at the point guard spot as any elite team in the country, or that they rely heavily on a pair of freshmen – Kobi Simmons and Rawle Alkins – who can be labeled somewhere between inconsistent and erratic?
2. Scott Drew, Baylor: The Scott Drew Coach of the Year Campaign has hit a bit of a snag in the last three weeks, as the Bears have dropped two games off the pace in the Big 12 after losing three of their last five games, but that really shouldn't put too much of a damper on what Drew has done with this group this season. Baylor is still a No. 1 seed in spite of their recent slump, and a win over Kansas on Saturday puts them right back into the Big 12 title race. Drew is doing all of this with a team of juniors and seniors, none of whom were considered program-changing talents when they got to school. Do people still think Scott Drew can't coach?
3. Jay Wright, Villanova: Can the reigning national champs have a coach in the running for Coach of the Year? Yes, they can, when you consider that Villanova lost arguably the two most valuable players from last year's team, Ryan Arcidiacono and Daniel Ochefu, and seem likely to end up playing this season without Phil Booth, who scored 20 points in the national title game. Should I mention that Villanova was the No. 1 overall seed in Saturday's bracket reveal despite the fact that they start either Darryl Reynolds or Eric Paschall at center?
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
4. Mark Few, Gonzaga: I don't care how good you are supposed to be or what the caliber is of the league that you play in, if you make it through an entire season undefeated, you belong in the conversation for National Coach of the Year. If you do it with a team that lost Domas Sabonis and Kyle Wiltjer, where your top five scorers played a total of six games your team last season, you deserve to be near the top of that list.
5. Josh Pastner, Georgia Tech: No one expected Georgia Tech to do much of anything this season. Avoiding the ACC basement probably would have been considered a successful season. Instead, the Yellow Jackets are 15-10 overall and 6-6 in the ACC with wins over North Carolina, Florida State and Notre Dame, and if the NCAA tournament started to day, they would be in it.
6. Bill Self, Kansas: Self has the Jayhawks primed to win their 13th straight Big 12 title despite everything their team has gone through this season. They Udoka Azubuike for the season with a wrist injury, meaning that Landen Lucas is the only effective big man on their roster. Carlton Bragg Jr. has been a bust in between their two suspensions. The Jayhawks seem morally opposed to playing defense despite, which has a lot to do with the fact that the two mid-major recruits starting in their back court are the only two lead guards on the roster. This wouldn't rank as one of Self's best coaching performances – they have had a lot of those – but that shouldn't diminish what he's done with this team.
7. Bob Huggins, West Virginia: Huggins lost their leading scorer, their second-leading scorer and leading rebounder and the point-man in their press in the offseason and … the Mountaineers got better? Press Virginia has been more effective this season than in any season past, and if they hadn't choked away a lead at Kansas on Monday night, they might be getting more attention for it.
8. Chris Collins, Northwestern: Collins is on the verge of doing something that no one has done in the history of college basketball: Get Northwestern into the NCAA tournament.
9. Mike White, Florida: Who had Florida as a team that could contend with Kentucky for the SEC title this season? Anyone? Bueller? That's exactly where Mike White has this group in their second season at the helm.
10. Mike Brey, Notre Dame: Brey isn't quite at the level of Bo Ryan and Tony Bennett just yet, but he's quickly reaching the point where, when predicting how good the Irish will be, it's less important to look at whom the team lost than it is to simply recognize the fact that Brey is on the sideline. Two years ago, they lost Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton and made it back to the Elite 8. Last offseason, Demetrius Jackson left and Zach Auguste graduated, and Notre Dame is right in the thick of the ACC title hunt.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
MindBody CEO and co-founder Rick Stollmeyer told winners of The Tribune's 2017 Top 20 Under 40 awards on Jan. 25, 2018, that the first step to becoming a conscious leader knows yourself. "What do you stand for?" they asked. "...What do you want
In 2014, American Idol winner, Reuben Studdard lost a ton of weight – more than 100pounds – when they participated in the hit show ‘Biggest Loser'. (left). Right is what they look like these days. He's gained back the weight…
MGM Resorts announced it entered an agreement to sell the Mandarin Oriental. (Gai Phanalasy/FOX5)
A subsidiary of MGM Resorts International has agreed to sell the Mandarin Oriental hotel on the Las Vegas Strip for about $214 million.
CityCenter Holdings announced the deal Thursday but did not reveal the buyer of the 392-room hotel and adjacent retail properties.
The sale is expected to close by this summer. The 47-story hotel opened in December 2009.
CityCenter still owns the Aria Resort and Casino, the Vdara Hotel and Veer Towers.
CityCenter is jointly owned by MGM Resorts and the Infinity World Development Corp.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
The police has seized Rs 1.68 crore in demonetised currency notes from three people, who were later arrested.
Acting on a tip-off, the police kept a watch at a garden near Parsik Reti Bunder in the district's Kalwa town on June 30 and spotted the three people who had apparently come there to dispose of the scrapped notes.
The Crime Branch personnel seized Rs 1.68 crore in old notes in Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denominations from the accused, the Thane police said in an official release last night.
The three people were later arrested and a case was registered against them by the Kalwa police under relevant sections, the release said.
The police was trying to find out from where did the accused get the junked notes, it added.
If you want to increase sales for your small business, you need a great sales team behind you. But even the best of sales teams get into slumps now and then. That's where this list of great motivations come in.
How to Motivate a Sales Team
To keep your sales team operating at their best, you need to motivate them. There are several different methods you can turn to — here are 20 of the top ones.
Build Team Trust
First and foremost, you need to have your team's trust if you want any request from you to be taken seriously. That means you need to be transparent with them, sharing what you expect of them and what you'll do to support them. Then you need to actually follow through with those things to earn their trust.
It also helps if you can build trust among the members of your sales team so that they also trust each other. Make clear that you want to create an environment of transparency and encourage open communication among all the members of your team.
Make the Meaning Clear
A Harvard Business Review study found that people who find meaning in their work are more likely to take ownership over it. And that, of course, has a major impact on performance.
To make this type of meaning clear to your sales team, be open with them about how their work impacts your business, and how, in turn, that impacts them. For instance, if making a major sale could help your company secure a big investor, that could make it more clear to your team that what they do actually matters on a big scale.
Document Customer Successes
Another way to share the meaning in your work is to show how sales impact customers. Create case studies or customer success stories to share with your team, especially the ones who worked with those customers. Or even share thank you notes or positive comments with them.
Track Daily Wins
Recognition is, of course, a major factor when it comes to motivating a team. But if you wait around for big wins to recognize when someone has done a great job, you leave the door open for people to fall into bad habits. Instead, create a routine of recognizing things that your sales team has done well each day or week. That way, you never forget to share your thanks for those little wins.
Recognize Your Sales Team Publicly
It can also be a good strategy to recognize your sales team publicly, rather than just in a meeting or company newsletter. Thank team members who have done exceptional work at events or even on your website for a little extra dose of motivation.
Set Clear Goals
When motivating a sales team, it's also paramount that you make it clear exactly what you want to motivate them to do. Of course you want more sales — but get more specific than that. Are you looking to move a certain type of product? Are you looking to hit a specific number by the end of the quarter? Set really specific goals for individuals and/or your team as a whole.
Encourage Team Unity
Setting overall goals for your team to hit within a certain time frame can also help you create a supportive and motivating environment. Say you want to hit a certain dollar amount in sales by the end of the quarter. Put up a display in your office to track the team's progress and let each person share their wins at the end of each day or week. Then they can all congratulate and encourage one another throughout the process.
Host a Sales Contest
But you can also benefit from creating a healthy competition between the members of your sales team. Set a clear objective and offer a prize for the person who achieves that objective first. There are plenty of different formats you can use to motivate your sales team in your own unique way.
Let Your Team Set Their Rewards
When it comes to contests or rewards, no one knows what will motivate your team more than your actual team. So ask them what rewards they want for sales contests or objectives rather than just offering some generic prize.
Learn Your Team's Goals
It can also help if you know what your team members want to accomplish in their own professional lives. You might have some team members who are satisfied remaining in sales and just want to make as much commission as possible. And others might be more interested in moving into management or other roles. If you know what those goals are, you can better tailor rewards and future opportunities to those individuals.
Provide Growth Opportunities
For that matter, providing opportunities for promotions or professional growth can be a great motivation factor. This doesn't necessarily mean that you need to offer promotions for everyone who reaches a certain number of sales. But you could also provide opportunities for them to attend events or networking opportunities or to add new skills to their resumes for the future.
Invest in Coaching and Education
You can also bring in coaches or provide opportunities for your sales team to attend courses so that they can continue to grow professionally. Those opportunities can serve as rewards, but they can also teach your team members valuable skills that they can then apply to their work at your business.
Create Happy, Healthy Employees
No matter what kind of rewards or contests you offer, your team isn't going to work as efficiently as possible if your team isn't happy and healthy. So you could consider starting an employee wellness program, encouraging regular breaks or vacations or just making sure your team has sufficient health benefits to maintain healthy lifestyles.
Recognize Individual Skills
Each member of your sales team has different strengths and weaknesses. Where one might excel in making cold calls, another might work better with clients who like to meet in person. If you recognize those skills, you can better apply them when you assign tasks to that you set up your team for a better chance at success.
Don't Disrupt Important Tasks
Once your sales team is motivated, the worst thing you can do is disrupt or distract them. So try to avoid sticking them with extra work that isn't related to their main sales objective. And don't distract them with a lot of non-essential meetings or other items that break up the workday.
Automate or Outsource Administrative Tasks
Additionally, all of those little admin tasks that often accompany making sales can sometimes weigh on your team. You might not be able to hire extra people to handle those tasks, but if you can invest in any automation systems or outsource some of those tasks to others, it could help your sales team stay on task.
Use Data to Identify Weaknesses
Big data can provide a lot of insights that you might find helpful when looking for ways to improve your sales team. For instance, your analytics platform might indicate that certain team members are more effective when under pressure at the end of the quarter. Or maybe your whole team works better when you try out a different management structure.
Host Offsite Outings
To help your team work better together, spending some time together outside the office can be beneficial. You could go the traditional team building route. Or if your team is not too into that idea, simply going to a local happy hour or casual dinner can be just as effective.
Ask for Input
You can't hope to motivate your team as efficiently as possible unless you actually get some input from your team. Ask them, as a group and individually, how you can best motivate them. What are they looking for in a workplace and in the rewards you provide?
Lead By Example
And of course, the best way to let your team know what you expect from them is to show them. Be an example of the type of worker you want at your company, in terms of work ethic, attitude and motivation.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
—
The Bobby Goldsmith Foundation (BGF) has partnered with For Benefit Medicines (FBM) to direct profits from the sale of a new generic medication to people living with HIV.
For Benefit Medicines has launched Famciclovir FBM, a generic antiviral prescription medication for the prevention of herpes, which is often a vital part of a medication regime for people living with HIV.
Herpes is more common or severe in people with weakened immune systems.
FBM is the first Australian pharmaceutical company that donates 100 per cent of profits to medical research and patient support in Australia.
Passing on profits from sales of Famciclovir to BGF means direct practical and financial assistance for people living with HIV in New South Wales and South Australia.
“There are over 26,000 people living with HIV in Australia and many of them would use famciclovir at some point as part of their medication adherence,” BGF CEO Nick Lawson said.
“We're really excited about this opportunity with FBM. By giving patients the opportunity to choose Famciclovir FBM that ‘gives back', they have a way of supporting the work of BGF.
“This type of funding is vital to BGF to ensure that we continue to help as many people living with HIV as possible.”
All FBM medications are approved by the Therapeutic Goods Administration.
“Having launched For Benefit Medicines a few years ago, we are extremely excited to be entering into this partnership with BGF. Our ultimate goal is to help improve the lives of our fellow Australians,” said FBM's John Hurley.
Hurley's fellow Director at FBM, Dr Barry Frost, added, “The FBM initiative provides an opportunity for doctors, nurses, pharmacists and patients to raise millions of dollars each year.
“However, for this to become a reality, we need all of these parties to get behind the cause and support FBM.”
FBM has previously released breast cancer medications under a similar ‘for-benefit' arrangement.
Famciclovir FBM is available on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) at the same cost to patients as their current famciclovir treatment.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
BRUSSELS (AP) — U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday issued a sharp ultimatum to NATO Wednesday, telling allies they must start increasing defense spending by year's end or the Trump administration will “moderate its commitment” to them.
They did not detail what the United States might do if NATO members failed to fall in line.
Echoing a demand made repeatedly by President Donald Trump, Mattis said NATO must adopt a plan this year that sets milestone dates for governments to meet a military funding goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product.
The Pentagon chief called it a “fair demand” based on the “political reality” in Washington.
“No longer can the American taxpayer carry a disproportionate share of the defense of Western values,” Mattis told the alliance's 27 other defense ministers, according to a text of their remarks. “Americans cannot care more for your children's future security than you do.”
Attending their first NATO defense ministers' meeting, Mattis tried to make their case by citing the threat from Russia. The gathering came at an awkward time for the United States, after Trump fired national security adviser Michael Flynn over Flynn's communications with Russia before President Barack Obama left office Jan. 20.
Mattis noted Russia's 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region and the Islamic State group's hold over parts of Iraq and Syria, and said that “some in this alliance have looked away in denial of what is happening.”
“Despite the threats from the east and south, we have failed to fill gaps in our NATO response force or to adapt,” they added.
The warning reflects Trump's wish for greater sharing of military costs. Trump has rattled European nations by suggesting the U.S. might not defend allies unwilling to fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members.
Mattis didn't go as far.
British's defense chief, Michael Fallon, said Mattis told NATO members that “Congress will not continue to tolerate unequal burden-sharing.” But Fallon said Mattis also appeared to welcome a British proposal to create a road map for increased spending by other countries.
Along with the U.S. and Britain, the other countries that also reach NATO's benchmark for military spending are Estonia, Poland and debt-ridden Greece.
“I have called today in the plenary session for those countries that haven't met 2 percent to agree to at least increase their budget annually,” Fallon said. “An annual increase that we're asking them to commit to would at least demonstrate good faith.”
The United States is by far NATO's most powerful member. It spends more on defense than all the others combined. The U.S. spent 3.61 percent of American GDP last year, according to NATO estimates — a level that has somewhat tapered off in recent years.
Germany, by contrast, spent 1.19 percent of its overall budget on defense. Ten countries spend even less, and seven — including Canada, Italy and Spain — would have to virtually double military spending to reach the target. One, Luxembourg, would require a four-fold increase to get close.
Mattis recognized Europe's worries and the desire for clarity on America's commitment to NATO. Trump has criticized the alliance as “obsolete” and repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin, stoking fears of a new U.S. approach to Moscow that includes lessened support for European allies near Russia's border who worry about being the next target.
In a brief public statement, made while standing alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, Mattis called the alliance “a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the trans-Atlantic community.”
The allies' interest and concern about the latest furor in Washington was evident as officials crowded around televisions at the NATO meeting to watch Mattis' initial appearance with Stoltenberg. Ministers immediately clustered around the retired Marine general as they entered the meeting room.
Stoltenberg said they have spoken to Trump twice by telephone, and received similar reassurance from Mattis and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
“They have all conveyed the same message,” they said, adding: “That is, that the United States will stay committed to the trans-Atlantic partnership.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Twentieth Century Society Image caption London Transport commissioned the mosaic by Sir Eduardo Paolozzi in 1980
A Scottish artist's designs for a set of mosaics at Tottenham Court Road Tube Station in London are to be auctioned in Edinburgh.
The mosaics, by the late Sir Eduardo Paolozzi, are described by experts as iconic examples of pop culture.
They were commissioned in 1979 by London Transport and are designed to link the interconnecting spaces of the station.
They were not completed until 1986. The Leith artist died in 2005.
Glass mosaics
Paolozzi (1924-2005), Them Majesty's Sculptor-in-Ordinary for Scotland, was one of Britain's leading 20th century artists and sculptors and was credited with inspiring the Pop Art movement in the 1950s.
Born in Leith to Italian parents, Paolozzi's first inspiration for art came from cigarette cards, handed to them by customers of the family ice cream shop.
Very few of Paolozzi's works are in the public realm, and the studies are said to be of "particular interest".
The glass mosaics themselves cover 950 sq m.
They were painstakingly restored in 2015 and, while 95% were retained in place, the remainder were removed and are now held in the collection of the Edinburgh College of Art where Paolozzi was a visiting professor and where they had themselves studied in the 1940s.
Charlotte Riordan, of auctioneers Lyon & Turnbull, who are selling the studies, said: "In their designs for the mosaics, Paolozzi draws on their knowledge and understanding of popular culture and iconic symbolism.
"The concept united their abiding interest in the culture of mechanisation and their empathy with the station's historic context and its geographical location. Having taught at the nearby Central School of Art in the 50s, Paolozzi had retained a broad, deep-rooted and affectionate understanding of the local area and its diverse communities."
Other works by the artist in London include the sculptures "Newton (after Blake)" (1995) at the British Library; "Head of Invention"(1989) outside the Design Museum, and "Piscator"(1980) in front of Euston station.
The mosaic designs are valued at £20,000 to £30,000.
The sale takes place in Edinburgh on Thursday.
As millions of Americans gather for grill-outs this Independence Day, they might well ladle an extra helping of Bush's baked beans for Duke — or the furry actor who played him, to be precise.
A dog who once portrayed "Duke," the talking canine entrusted in ads with the Bush's family recipe, died last week amid a bout with cancer. That's according to David Odom of Apopka, Florida, who detailed their friendship with the dog's owner in a post online.
"His name is actually Sam. They lived in Apopka with our friend Susan, their owner. They train animals to work in commercials," Odom said Thursday on Facebook. "Not just theirs but others as well. Sadly they had to euthanize Sam yesterday due to an aggressive cancer they were suffering from. They are, as we are, heartbroken."
Sam was one of several dogs over the years to portray Duke, the dog given the family's secret recipe in commercials by Bush's spokesperson Jay Bush with and determined to sell it. The two have been "the embodiment of the BUSH'S brand" for more than 20 years, the company said in a statement Tuesday.
"During that time, we've worked closely with several dogs who portrayed Duke in our commercials, including Sam," the company said in a post on Facebook. "While Sam has not worked with us in years, we are saddened by the news of their passing and are grateful to have had them depict Duke."
More: Women's razor ad may be the first to feature hairy legs (and armpits, and bikini lines)
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice'
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
During an interview with the cast of Ocean's 8 Xilla Valentine asked Awkafina if they took Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett to the bodega for a New York classic. The Chopped Cheese Sandwich.
Ocean's 8 starring Rihanna and Sandra Bullock hits theaters this weekend.
Cate Blanchett Really Wants A Chopped Cheese From Your Favorite NY Bodega was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
While most of us are winding down for Christmas and doing the bare minimum at work (yeah that task can definitely wait until 2018), spare a thought for the almost billionaire that is Kylie Jenner.
That's because while we're eating our body weight in Quality Street and shopping for our Christmas party outfits on ASOS, Kylie has a lot of questions to answer.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
First there's the concealer problem (how are people supposed to find their right shade if they can only buy Kylie's concealers online and their site doesn't accept refunds), then there's the £270 makeup brush set question, and now Jeffree Star has waded in with their own thoughts.
Taking to Twitter, Jeffree questioned whether Kylie's brushes were made of real animal hair, explaining the hefty price tag.
Are the new @kyliecosmetics makeup brushes made out of animal hair? Is that why they're so expensive?? BITCH I'M STILL DUMBFOUNDED!!!! — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
And after some accused Jeffree of 'coming for' Kylie, they explained it was just an 'honest question'.
It's an honest question. Don't try and make it ANYTHING BUT a QUESTION. I'll still review it... LOL I ain't mad.. Just want to know why their team is being lazy. — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But of course, they aren't done there. In a since deleted Tweet, Jeffree questioned why Kylie was using the same packaging for their concealers as their liquid lipsticks, which have been on the market since 2014.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Despite deleting the Tweet, Jeffree continued to respond to mentions on the subject, including this Tweet which said "Her brand is large enough to come up with something of their own style":
That was my thoughts. Just a opinion lol https://t.co/WoSwRwJVWh — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
Remember when I said I wasn't mad but people are coming into my mentions acting like I am? HAHA STOP IT! I'm aware other brands have used the same component too. Doesn't change the question ;) — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Customers have the right to ask questions. Amen. https://t.co/z5TgSSVQCR — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
Jeffree then signed off by saying they will review Kylie's brushes themselves to see if the price tag is justified.
When them makeup brushes launch, I'll see if the price tag is justified! https://t.co/S2iO2y6NcL — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
I'm not bothered or worried if I'm not on a brands PR list. I'll buy the products myself and review it if my audience asks me to. End of story. — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
But not before giving Rihanna a cheeky shoutout for "showing the industry how it's done".
I would just like to take a second and say one thing: thank you @rihanna for KILLING IT with your makeup brand and showing the industry how it's done 🔥 — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) December 10, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Someone throws Kylie a blanket already.
Follow Laura on Instagram.
Dallas Stars left wing Jamie Benn (14) heads into the offensive zone, chased by San Jose Sharks defenseman Brent Burns (88) in the first period during the San Jose Sharks vs. the Dallas Stars NHL hockey game at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday, March 24, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Stars coach Ken Hitchcock has chosen to use four alternate captains instead of the usual two.
Jamie Benn will receive support from Jason Spezza, Seguin, John Klingberg and Alexander Radulov. Only two players can wear an "A" in a game, so Seguin and Klingberg will serve as alternate captains at home in the first half of the season, while Radulov and Spezza will serve on the road. The plan will be switched at the midway point, Hitchcock said.
Spezza served as an alternate captain last season, and Hitchcock said they want their key players to also be key leaders.
"They are the impact players," Hitchcock said. "I don't think you can have impact players and not give them leadership roles."
Briefly: The Stars honored former play-by-play man Dave Strader, who died Sunday after a battle with cancer, with a tribute before the game. They also will wear a helmet sticker all season to remember Strader.
-- Gemel Smith earned a spot on the opening night roster and suited up. "This is something I have worked every day of my life for, and I am not taking it for granted," they said.
-- Stars scratches were Adam Cracknell, Greg Pateryn and Julius Honka.
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; they won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' They obviously aren't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. They did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before their first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
24 Social Buzz
SEX is a primary need that every human being has, whether it is the straight and heterosexual kind or the queer kind, and because of that, sex work is considered one of the oldest professions on the planet.
Recently, the Malaysian Immigration Department uncovered cash of up almost RM15 million (US$3.6 million) in a house and a hotel in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah. It is believed the money is related to one of the country's largest prostitution syndicates and also involves human trafficking.
Southeast Asia is infamous for its sex trade, mainly in countries such as Thailand, where it is tolerated by the government because of the revenue that it rakes in. Singapore is another country in the region that is related to the sex trade because it is actually legal.
SEE ALSO: Malaysia's underground student prostitution industry
However, Malaysia is not a country that people around the world would associate with prostitution. Nevertheless, it would seem that Malaysia is fast rising as one of the main destinations for sex tourism in Southeast Asia.
Prostitution in Malaysia is illegal, but if you were to walk the streets of Kuala Lumpur, you will notice it is a thriving business with transactions happening on a very regular basis. In fact, aside from the major cities like Johor Bahru and Georgetown, Kota Bahru and Ipoh are also seeing a rise in these activities.
The problem with the sex trade in Malaysia, if we observe investigations by the authorities is the fact that it is involved in layers of illegal activities such as organised crime, human trafficking, money laundering and even violent crimes.
Because sex work is illegal in Malaysia, it is pushed underground. This makes the trade vulnerable to being exploited. Legalising it would guard those who are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse themselves: sex workers.
I recently had a lengthy discussion with Sheril A. Bustaman, a volunteer with PT Foundation – a Malaysian NGO that works closely regarding issues of sexual health and sex workers. They argued prostitution is a legitimate industry if owned and controlled by sex workers themselves.
If prostitution was legal, it would solve a whole lot of problems. Take Singapore for example. When the government legalised prostitution, the industry became regulated and this meant the authorities created standard operating procedures that would ensure the well-being of the industry.
Brothels and their workers had to be registered and be given permits to operate. This meant that the pimps had to ensure a fair and comfortable working environment for their staff. Sex workers are required to follow specific health procedures and are to be tested for sexually-transmitted diseases regularly.
When the whole industry is regulated, it eliminates so many other actual undesirable crimes such as human trafficking. Money laundering would also be dealt with. The industry could also be taxed – meaning the government can collect revenue from it.
Now back to the issue of agency of the prostitutes themselves as mentioned earlier. It would be fair trade only if the prostitute had full control of their or their decisions in providing sexual acts for money. They or they should never have to be forced into it – only then it would be a fair trade.
SEE ALSO: Why Kuala Lumpur could be on its way to becoming the sex capital of Asia
As it is, with the advent of technology and the Internet, some sex workers are already bypassing the organised crime system. These are the ones considered “freelance” and they use social media to connect with clients, avoiding exploitation from middlemen.
I understand what I am proposing is something extremely radical for a conservative country like Malaysia, where speaking about sex itself is considered highly taboo. I am more than certain the legalisation of prostitution will never happen in my lifetime, and maybe not even in my children's lifetime.
But I still strongly believe it is a worthy discussion. Think about it. We Malaysians don't even have the decency to talk about sex education for our young people. Does it mean if we don't acknowledge prostitution, then it actually doesn't happen in the country? We need to wise up.
Wiz Khalifa gathers all their celebrity friends and pretty women in the video for their latest "Something New" single. Directed by Bryan Barber, the visual for the rapper's collaboration with Ty Dolla $ign seems pretty standard at first but soon takes a turn for the worst!
It opens with Wiz throwing a lavish house party with all their celebrity friends including $ign, Demi Lovato, Jamie Foxx, Jason Derulo, O.T. Genasis, Juicy J, Lil Dicky, G-Eazy, former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Chuck Liddell and Los Angeles Rams RB Todd Gurley. And as with any rap video, a troop of curvy bikini-wearing ladies are also invited to lounge by the pool and just look sexy. But towards the end, we quickly find out these women had a plan to steal from Wiz. They take everything from stacks of cash to Foxx's cell phone.
THE RIGHT TO VERIFICATION OF THE DEBT AND IDENTITY OF THE ORIGINAL CREDITOR WITHIN THE TIME PROVIDED BY LAW IS NOT AFFECTED BY THIS ACTION.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That default has occurred in the conditions of the following described mortgage:
DATE OF MORTGAGE:
August 6, 2008
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF MORTGAGE: $204,786.00
MORTGAGOR(S): Titus P. Spikes and Jayclyn R. Spikes, husband and wife and Jessie Wilson, a single person
MORTGAGEE: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., a Delaware Corporation as nominee for Primary Residential Mortgage, Inc., a Nevada Corporation
DATE AND PLACE OF FILING: Recorded on April 5, 2010 and memorialized upon Certificate of Title No. 121487 as Document Number 501140.001 in the Office of the County Registrar of Titles of Anoka County, Minnesota. Subject mortgage was preceded by a claim of unregistered interest dated January 29, 2010 and filed of record on February 5, 2010, and memorialized upon Certificate of Tile No. 121487 as Document Number 500620.002 in the Office of the County Registrar of Titles of Anoka County, Minnesota recording payment of Mortgage Registration Tax & conservation fee on the subject mortgage.
ASSIGNMENTS OF MORTGAGE: Assigned to: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. by assignment recorded on June 29, 2012 as Document Number 509267.001 in the Office of the County Registrar of Titles of Anoka County, Minnesota.
LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY: Lot 35, Block 2, Wedgewood Parc, Anoka County, Minnesota.
REGISTERED PROPERTY
STREET ADDRESS OF PROPERTY: 3870 120TH AVENUE NW, COON RAPIDS, MN 55433
COUNTY IN WHICH PROPERTY IS LOCATED:
Anoka County, Minnesota.
THE AMOUNT CLAIMED TO BE DUE ON THE MORTGAGE ON THE DATE OF THE NOTICE:
$235,736.34
TRANSACTION AGENT: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc.
NAME OF MORTGAGE ORIGINATOR: Primary Residential Mortgage, Inc., a Nevada Corporation
RESIDENTIAL SERVICER:
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
TAX PARCEL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER: 08.31.24.32.0045
TRANSACTION AGENTS MORTGAGE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER: 1001464-0125800952-4
THAT no action or proceeding has been instituted at law to recover the debt then remaining secured by such mortgage, or any part thereof, or, if the action or proceeding has been instituted, that the same has been discontinued, or that an execution upon the judgment rendered therein has been returned unsatisfied, in whole or in part.
PURSUANT, to the power of sale contained in said mortgage, the above described property will be sold by the Sheriff of said county as follows:
DATE AND TIME OF SALE:
December 1, 2017 at 10:00 AM.
PLACE OF SALE: Anoka County Sheriffs Office, 13301 Hanson Boulevard NW, Andover, Minnesota.
to pay the debt then secured by said mortgage and taxes, if any actually paid by the mortgagee, on the premises and the costs and disbursements allowed by law. The time allowed by law for redemption by said mortgagor(s), their personal representatives or assigns is twelve (12) months from the date of sale.
TIME AND DATE TO VACATE PROPERTY: Unless said mortgage is reinstated or the property redeemed, or unless the time for redemption is reduced by judicial order, you must vacate the premises by 11:59 p.m. on December 3, 2018.
THE TIME ALLOWED BY LAW FOR REDEMPTION BY THE MORTGAGOR, THE MORTGAGORS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSIGNS, MAY BE REDUCED TO FIVE WEEKS IF A JUDICIAL ORDER IS ENTERED UNDER MINNESOTA STATUTES, SECTION 582.032, DETERMINING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THAT THE MORTGAGED PREMISES ARE IMPROVED WITH A RESIDENTIAL DWELLING OF LESS THAN FIVE UNITS, ARE NOT PROPERTY USED IN AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION, AND ARE ABANDONED.
MORTGAGOR(S) RELEASED FROM FINANCIAL OBLIGATION ON MORTGAGE: Titus P. Spikes and Jayclyn R. Spikes
Dated: September 29, 2017
WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.
Mortgagee
THE ACADEMY LAW GROUP, P.A.
By: /s/
Rebecca F. Schiller, Esq.
N. Kibongni Fondungallah, Esq.
Samuel R. Coleman, Esq.
*Corbin C. Smith, Esq.*
Attorneys for Mortgagee
The Academy Professional Building
25 Dale Street North
St. Paul, MN 55102
(651) 209-9760
(15-0102-FC04)
THIS IS A COMMUNICATION FROM A DEBT COLLECTOR.
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 13, 20, 27,
November 3, 10, 2017
740474
Despite another night when the offense couldn't capitalize on early opportunities and the bullpen failed them and the final -- 13-2 Houston -- was hideous, the Rangers won five of six on perhaps the most challenging road trip of the year. More significantly, the prospect looms they could have their full lineup back by the end of the weekend and the starting rotation that was supposed to be an asset by the end of the month.
Carlos Gomez played center field, albeit in the minors, for the first time in a month. They will play again on Thursday and will be joined by Mike Napoli as the DH. Tyson Ross will start in the majors on Friday and Cole Hamels could start in the minors the same day. Both Gomez and Napoli could be back in the lineup by the end of the weekend.
"You would like to play from a position strength," manager Jeff Banister said before the game. "Having all of our players would be a strength."
And after: "I feel like we found something, some identity. I feel like we are going home with some good momentum. When you talk about momentum, it's about how you play. I felt like we did a good job of playing the way we like to play on this trip."
Getting the lineup together once and for all might put an end to the offense's stops and starts. But the rotation is something else altogether. It is what the Rangers expected would be their biggest asset going into the season.
Banister on Wednesday committed to Ross making their Rangers debut Friday. The tentative plan is for Hamels, out since they were scratched with an oblique strain moments before a May 3 game at Houston, to start and pitch about four innings at Double-A Frisco on Friday. If that happens and things continue to go smoothly, Banister left open the possibility Hamels could join the rotation for a four-game series with Cleveland that begins June 26.
"Having that rotation night-in and night-out, that would be a plus-plus kind of rotation," Banister said. "The plan all along was that when we signed [Ross and Andrew Cashner] that our rotation could be a separator, a difference-maker. But you have to plan for some degree of failure to that, too. You have to have an Armageddon scenario. We felt like we had some depth on that side of it. When guys grind through like our guys have, that's real momentum."
If the Rangers don't suffer any more pitching injuries, the full rotation could be together with more than half the season remaining.
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — It was all hugs, kisses, and smiles for a group of Cuban migrants and their families on New Year's Day.
The group of 21 that arrived from the communist island just after midnight claim to be the first Cuban migrants to make it to the U.S. in 2017.
Relatives told CBS4 their journey began on Tuesday.
“We were in the water exactly 50 hours,” said migrant Julio Mena Santos.
As they approached Key West, they saw fireworks going off, said the group. It seemed like a scene out of a movie.
Elier Ruiz said they teared up when they saw the fireworks and had to pinch themselves to make sure they aren't dreaming.
“There were fireworks and lights everywhere. I thought I was dreaming,” said Ruiz.
Ruiz who will be celebrating their 19th birthday on Tuesday was greeted by family and friends including their father who last saw them 10 years ago.
Ruiz also mentioned 15 days ago they tried to make it to the U.S. but was intercepted at sea by the U.S. Coast Guard and sent back to Cuba.
The group is not only celebrating a new year with their family but also their newfound freedom
“It's a blessing for us to come to this country and start a new life and start fresh,” said Mena.
According to the U.S. Coast Guard, since October 1, 2016, until the end of the year, a total of 1,547 Cuban migrants were intercepted at sea and 452 actually made to dry land.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India supreme court ousts top cricket officials
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Sanju: Ranbir Kapoor Gets Emotional after Listening to Dad Rishi Kapoor during launch | FilmiBeat
Recently, Rajkumar Hirani and Vidhi Vinod Chopra showcased the trailer of Sanju to Rishi Kapoor and the actor was seen praising son Ranbir Kapoor like never before! They were pleasantly surprised seeing the terrific performance of their son and while getting teary-eyed, they said, "The way Rajkumar Hirani has presented Ranbir is the biggest superb thing, the boy has really done well. I am so proud of him. I swear on Neetu and Ranbir, I did not think it was Ranbir, I thought it was Sanjay Dutt."
"You don't know how emotionally triggered I am right now at the point where Vinod (Chopra) and Raju (Rajkumar Hirani) have shown me this trailer. The first appearance of Ranbir from the jail, I thought it was Sanjay Dutt."
When Ranbir was asked about their reaction after seeing their dad all emotional, here's what the actor said:
Ranbir Got All Emotional "Besides being my father, they are also an actor I really admire and respect... They never tells me to my face that I've done good work, not that I expect it either. But when you hear such words coming from him, it is incredible, it really moved me, made me emotional."
This Was A Wonderful Gift "Every father wants their son to do well, but my father is very careful that they won't give compliments for free. They always tell us 'kasar reh gayi hai, work harder' (There is still scope for improvement, work harder)'. This was a wonderful gift," Ranbir said at the trailer launch of "Sanju".
Ranbir On Their Mom's Reaction After Watching Sanju Trailer The actor added that their mother loves their performance in all their films.
"My mother is my biggest fan, whatever I do they love. When they saw 'Bombay Velvet' they thought it was the greatest film in the world," they said.
Ranbir Also Talked About Collaborating With Sonam After 10 Years "We never got an opportunity to work together again but Sonam is still the same, they haven't changed. Them personality is still the same. The only thing which has changed is that they have become an even better actor. Both of us really enjoyed working with each other," they said.
Produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra, Sanju also features Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Dia Mirza and Anushka Sharma The film is scheduled to release on June 29.
Even though actor Nagarjuna has been a part of the Telugu film industry for nearly three decades, the frenzy surrounding them refuses to die down. The veteran is held in high regard, thanks to their evergreen personality and macho looks. In fact, some fans even feel that they can still give their sons Naga Chaitanya and Akhil, a run for their money.
At present, Nagarjuna is gearing up for the release of Officer which is slated to hit the screens this Friday(June 1, 2018). The film is a cop-drama and features them in the role of a ruthless police officer. Officer has created some buzz amongst movie-goers and is an important release for all concerned. Directed by Ram Gopal Varma, it also features newcomer Myra Sareen in a key role and promises to be an action-packed affair.
Interestingly, while announcing it, RGV had said that this is going to be quite different from anything Nagarjuna has done in the past. It will be worth watching if the film is able to make a mark at the box office.
With Officer set to release, here is a look at five Nagarjuna films that are a must-watch.
Siva Ram Gopal's maiden directorial venture, Siva hit the screens in 1989 and proved to be game-changer. Revolving around the intricacies of student politics, this crime-drama became the talk of the town courtesy its raw/intense action scenes and bold presentation. Also featuring Amala in the lead, it was remade in Hindi with the same cast the very next year, and the remake too received praises from all quarters. Ninne Pelladata A family-based romantic drama, Ninne Pelladata went a long way in establishing Nagarjuna as Tollywood's king of on-screen romance. Directed by noted director Krishna Vamsi, the film did well at the box office and received the proverbial thumbs up from critics. It featured Tabu as the female lead and their chemistry with Nagarjuna proved to be the USP of Ninne Pelladata. Annamaya A devotional film, Annamaya saw Nagarjuna play the role of the 15th century saint of the same name and showcase their acting abilities the fullest. Directed by maverick film-maker K Raghavendra Rao, it featured Ramya Krishnan as the female lead and opened to a blockbuster response at the box office. Sri Ramadasu Often described as Nagarjuna's finest film ever, Sri Ramadasu was directed by K Raghavendra Rao and saw the actor deliver a highly refined/mature performance. It clicked with fans, courtesy its religious/devotional undertones and proved to be a big hit. Sri Ramadasu also had Sneha and ANR in key roles. Manam Released in 2014, Manam saw Nagarjuna share screen space with Chay and ANR and is regarded as one of Telugu cinema's finest family films. Revolving around how love for one's parents never dies and touching upon reincarnation, Manam did well at the box office and received praises because of its heart-warming narrative.
'Bachelor' Ben calls off wedding — is the engagement next? It appears happily-ever-after isn't in the cards just yet for Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell. As the former “Bachelor” told their bride-to-be during Tuesday's two-hour installment of “Ben and Lauren: Happily...
‘Bachelor' spinoff could use a dose of Bad Chad Just when you thought “Bachelor in Paradise” was the worst installment in “Bachelor” history, think again. As “Ben and Lauren: Happily Ever After?” continues to bore viewers on Freeform, Ben...
'Bachelor' spinoff can't save Ben and Lauren's relationship Hello, Ben Higgins. We meet again. Less than a year after proposing to Lauren Bushnell on Season 20 of ABC's “The Bachelor,” the suitor and their fiancée are extending their...
False alarm! Former 'Bachelor' no longer running for office Ben Higgins political career ended before it ever got started. Despite prior reports that the former “Bachelor” would run for office in Colorado, Higgins confirmed Friday they will be bowing...
Why America won't be able to take its eyes off the next 'Bachelorette' America, meet your new “Bachelorette.” After getting their heart broken by “Bachelor” Ben Higgins, runner-up Jojo Fletcher made their debut as the next “Bachelorette” during ABC's “After the Final Rose”...
Did ‘The Bachelor' get hitched on national TV? Warning: This article contains spoilers. Ben Higgins is a bachelor no more. The Indiana native got down on one knee during Monday night's season finale, presenting fan favorite Lauren Bushnell...
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Well-child visits keep babies healthy, but they also give doctors the perfect opportunity to offer new moms who are between pregnancies basic screenings and health care interventions, a new study shows.
Developed by the IMPLICIT Network (Interventions to Minimize Preterm and Low birth weight Infants through Continuous Improvement Techniques), the IMPLICIT interconception care (ICC) method uses regularly scheduled pediatric appointments to screen new moms for four evidence-based risk factors that impact birth outcomes—tobacco use, depression risk, contraception use, and use of a multivitamin with folic acid—and provide them with interventions as needed.
Implemented in 11 family medicine residency practices from February 2015 until April 2017, the model encourages providers to discuss these risk factors with mothers at their baby's checkups during their first two years of life.
Family medicine residency programs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) McKeesport, UPMC St. Margaret, and UPMC Shadyside used the model and contributed data to the findings, which appear in the Journal of the American Board of Family Medicine.
“Interconception care aims to improve the health of both mothers and babies, but many women are so focused on their newborns that they do not seek health care for themselves between pregnancies,” says lead author Sukanya Srinivasan, community faculty, UPMC St. Margaret Family Medicine Residency.
“By the time women enter prenatal care, it often is too late to influence birth outcomes, but the IMPLICIT ICC model allows modifiable risk factors to be addressed prior to pregnancy, regardless of whether women are seeking care for themselves or for their child.”
After analyzing more than 5,900 children across more than 17,600 well-child visits, researchers found that new mothers attended 92.7 percent of their babies' appointments, creating a significant window of opportunity to discuss their own health. The frequency of maternal screening at participating sites varied, with women receiving ICC screenings at an average rate of 69.1 percent of visits across all study sites.
Clinicians identified tobacco use in 16.2 percent of visits, delivering an intervention 80 percent of the time. Depression was identified in 8.1 percent of visits, with 92.8 percent of mothers receiving an intervention. Lack of contraception use was identified in 28.2 percent of visits, with 76 percent of those mothers receiving an intervention to promote adequate birth spacing. Multivitamin use was lacking by women in 45.4 percent of visits, with an intervention documented for 58.2 percent of those women.
“This model of care demonstrates the feasibility of incorporating ICC screenings for mothers into visits that were traditionally intended for their children,” says Lisa Schlar, director of women's health, UPMC Shadyside Family Medicine Residency. “This is a promising intervention strategy that can be easily implemented on a broad scale by family medicine and primary care practitioners.”
Further work is necessary to assess the impact of the IMPLICIT ICC model interventions on prematurity, low birth weight, and other birth outcomes, researchers say.
The National March of Dimes; the Pennsylvania, New York, and North Carolina March of Dimes; the Pennsylvania Department of Health; the Pennsylvania Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics; the Shadyside Hospital Foundation; and the St. Margaret Hospital Foundation funded the work.
Source: University of Pittsburgh
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
A look at what's happening around baseball Thursday:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis.  They are 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said. The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Heineken posts improved profit margins but warns on currencies
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
CULVER CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - eWellness Healthcare Corporation - ( OTCQB : EWLL), a provider of the state of the art PHZIO Platform for the physical therapy and telehealth markets, announced today that it plans to launch multiple new patient, physician and physical therapy (PT) centric platforms and mobile Apps over the next 8-10 weeks.
Mr. Darwin Fogt, CEO said, "We are excited to introduce these new telehealth platforms and applications. These new telehealth tools will revolutionize how patients gain access to physical therapy and how PT is delivered, while tapping into the scale and reach of an Uber-style business model. We will advise the market as these new products and initiatives are launched over the next 8-10 weeks."
These new platforms, Apps and initiatives include:
PurePT.com: Is a digital patient & independent PT platform for connecting new patients to PT's that are seeking to be treated with our PHZIO treatment system. Patient program inductions can be made in the privacy of a patient's home or office and can also be done in a PT clinic. The goal is to make it easy for a patient to be treated, particularly in states that have direct access rules where patient's insurance will reimburse for approximately 12 visits before a physician's prescription is required. PurePT puts the patient first, which we believe will allow our business model to scale and build an Uber-style growth curve.
PrehabPT.com: Is an 8-week physician to patient pre-surgical (Prehab) digital therapeutic exercise treatment system for patients that anticipate having hip or knee surgeries including total joint replacements or back surgeries including microdiscectomies and fusions. Patients may complete these digital therapeutic exercises either monitored or unmonitored by a professional. PrehabPT.com's backbone is built off of our PHZIO platform.
DigitalMD.com: Is a feature rich telehealth platform for physician practices to digitally communicate with their patients pre- and post-surgery. DigitalMD.com is anticipated to be very competitively priced when compared to other similar telehealth platforms such as: Chiron Health, SnapMD, AdvancedMD, VirtualMedix, ReachHealth, Carena, HealthLynked and eVisit.
Telehealth Educational Certification Program: Online Physical Therapy Telehealth Training and Certification Workshop. We plan to launch a comprehensive curriculum for PTs, Occupational Therapists (OTs), PTAs, PT students, athletic trainers, and personal trainers to gain a complete understanding of providing digital PT therapeutic exercise treatments to patients via our PHZIO telemedicine platform. The educational content will include the most current advances and research related to the core treatment principles, rationale and components of our PHZIO treatment system.
Huge Expansion of PHZIO Exercise Content: We are in the process to significantly expanding our existing library of exercise video content from approximately 250 3-4 minute videos to over 1,000 separate exercise video.
Los Angeles Sales & Marketing Office: The Company intends to open its first sales and marketing office in Playa Vista California before May 1st 2017 in order to accelerate the adoption of PHZIO and the other newly digital telehealth tools to patients, physicians and PT's in California. The company will also be hiring new sales and marketing professionals to manage the new silos of business.
eWellness will initially roll out these new telehealth solutions within California, New York and Virginia, with plans to expand nationally over the next 6 months.
With these new telehealth tools, eWellness will engage with the "At-Home" Physical Therapy treatment market. This market involves physical therapy practitioners treating patients in their home instead of a clinic. The "At-Home" market model when combined with PHZIO offers patients and practitioners a means to receive and deliver PT services without having to leave work during normal business hours. Patients will be able to receive physical therapy services at almost any hour of the day, A model that is not currently employed within traditional clinical settings.
About eWellness
eWellness Healthcare Corporation ( OTCQB : EWLL) is the first physical therapy telehealth company to offer insurance reimbursable real-time distance monitored treatments. Our business model is to license our PHZIO ("PHZIO") platform to any physical therapy ("PT") clinic in the U.S. and or have large-scale employers use our PHZIO platform as a full PT monitored corporate wellness program. The Company's PHZIO home physical therapy exercise platform has been designed to disrupt the $30 billion physical therapy and the $8 billion corporate wellness industries. PHZIO re-defines the way physical therapy can be delivered. PHZIO is the first real-time remote monitored 1-to-many physical therapy platform for home use. Due to the real-time patient monitoring feature, the PHZIO platform is insurance reimbursable by payers such as: Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
The PHZIO Solution: A New Physical Therapy Delivery System
SaaS technology platform solution for providers bundling rehabilitation services and employer wellness programs;
First real-time remote monitored 1-to-many physical therapy treatment platform for home use;
Ability for physical therapists to observe multiple patients simultaneously in real-time;
Solves what has been a structural problem and limitation in post-acute care practice growth; and
Allows PT practices to generate increased revenues due to higher adherence and compliance rates.
For more information on eWellness go to:
http://www.ewellnesshealth.com/
http://phzio.com/
Safe Harbor Statement
"Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This press release contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27a of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) regarding us and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Forward-looking statements in this press release reflect the good faith judgment of our management and are based on facts and factors currently known to us. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of either the matters set forth or incorporated in this press release generally or certain economic and business factors, some of which may be unknown to and/or beyond the control of the Company. Specifically, we are exposed to various risks related to our need for additional financing to support our technology development, the sale of a significant number of our shares of common stock could depress the price of our common stock, acquiring or investing in new businesses and ongoing operations, we may incur losses in the future and the market price of our common stock may be volatile. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. We do not undertake, and we expressly disclaim, any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of the press release.
by
It's safe to say that Dr. Terry Detrich has been around the block, so to speak, when it comes to neurology conferences. Starting their practice on the Eastern Shore as the Delmarva's first neurologist in 1976, Detrich has long made it a habit to attend these annual gatherings to keep up with current developments in their field.
But, at least with most of these professional summits, particularly in the area of dementia, it is more often the case that Ditrich has left them feeling mostly underwhelmed with the progress being made to treat and prevent neurocognitive disorders.
That was one of the reasons, Dr. Ditrich was not all that excited when they decided to travel to Los Angeles (not their favorite city) for the 2018 American Academy of Neurology in April.
So it was surprising for them to hear some remarkable reports from their peers and start feeling for the first time in many years that scientific research and clinical trial results had reached a modest but clearly evident tipping point in the fight against dementia and other memory loss diseases.
For purposes of analogy, Ditrich relies on the arc of progress seen in aviation to measure tangle milestones. From the first controlled flight of the Wright Brothers in 1903 and Lindbergh's first flight across the Atlantic, to our modern era of commercial airlines and space exploration, aviation advances were unprecedented in the their speed of discovery.
Dr. Ditrich makes it clear that while the field has certainly well passed its Kitty Hawk stage, they still are looking for the equivalency of Charles Lindbergh's arrival in Paris in 1927 in dementia prevention and management.
In Los Angeles last month, the doctor felt for the first time in decades that perhaps we are close to that moment.
With advances in knowledge of gene behavior and the positive results of new trials, Ditrich cautiously indicts that real medical treatment for some forms of dementia, and even a vaccine, may be in use in two to five years.
The Spy had a short debriefing on the subject from Dr. Detrich last week at the Samuel & Alexia Bratton Neurocognitive Clinic at Bayleigh-Chase.
This video is approximately three minutes in length. For more information about Samuel & Alexia Bratton Neurocognitive Clinic at Bayleigh-Chase please go here
It's on the ballot really just to clarify what is already state law. In our look at the second of five state measures on the June ballot, Proposition 69 would require that certain transportation revenues be used for transportation purposes…
Listen to Roger Dickinson 1
Roger Dickinson is a Executive Director of ‘Transportation California'. They say a lot of people think that gas taxes don't go for road repair projects, but that's not true. They also say with the recent passage of Senate Bill 1, the gas tax and vehicle registration fee hike passed last year, that there is further worry that the money won't be used the way it is designed. Despite given a week to respond, the No on 69 campaigns could not arrange an interview with KNCO, so instead we read part of the argument against in the voter guide. It says “Sacramento's broken promises have led to a rundown, outdated, and congested transportation system throughout California. Proposition 69 protects transportation money that will not fix or build any new roads.”…
Listen to Roger Dickinson 2
..meaning building new roads and fixing old ones. According to the voter guide, there is no direct fiscal impact on the amount of state or local revenues or costs, but could affect how some monies are spent. Republican State Assemblyman Frank Bigelow of Fresno, and their office, are listed as the contact against the measure.
–gf
—
For queer and Indigenous people in the Top End, accessing sexual healthcare is near impossible. Some Northern Territorians spoke to Jesse Jones about why government funding is vital.
***
When brotherboy Kellum Steele decided to begin gender transition three years ago, they made the 500-kilometre journey to Darwin Hospital to ask for help—and was told to go to Sydney or Melbourne “where all the trans people are”.
“There's absolutely nothing up here,” they say.
Steele travels from their remote Northern Territory community to Melbourne every six months for transition care. It's not cheap, with the flights alone running into thousands of dollars.
“I'm finding it difficult—and I speak English, I'm working, I have the money,” they say.
“I can only imagine what sistergirls out here have to do. A lot of them don't speak English as a first language, some of them work but some don't. It must be difficult for them.”
Back home, the struggle continues as their hormones have to be flown into the remote community.
Sometimes they're lost or not delivered on time, interrupting Steele's treatment.
“It's hectic, the mental and emotional strain of not knowing whether the injection is going to be there,” they say.
“It's just a nightmare.”
The small clinic in town is staffed by fly-in fly-out nurses, making continuity of care difficult.
Steele finds they have to explain their transition to someone new every time, and forming a trusting relationship with constantly changing staff is impossible.
“As soon as they take a look at my chart, they freak out,” they say.
“They're not trained in anything to do with trans health.”
Steele says they don't have a lot of access to sexual healthcare.
“There's not much out here,” they explain.
“Gynaecologists come out maybe once every six months, and the last time I was in Melbourne, so I missed it.”
With the local clinic the only healthcare in town, Steele says they could ask for an STI screening there but would feel “really uncomfortable”.
The Northern Territory AIDS & Hepatitis Council (NTAHC) is responsible for public health programs throughout the territory, including peer-run programs for sex workers and people who are living with or at risk of blood-borne viruses.
NTAHC previously also ran a specialised Aboriginal sexual health program, but its federal funding was cut at the end of the last financial year.
“That's really reduced our capacity significantly to work with Aboriginal people around sexual health,” says executive director Kerrie Jordan.
The slashed funding is “a huge concern” given the high prevalence of STIs among Aboriginal communities in the Top End.
Crystal Johnson, a sistergirl and former NTAHC worker, says the Aboriginal sexual health program was instrumental in supporting Aboriginal people to access sexual healthcare, from HIV education to providing interpreting help at clinics.
Johnson's role included working to overcome some of the barriers to sexual healthcare for sistergirls and other
Aboriginal people, including language and cultural issues in getting health messages to communities.
“It's hard, especially when you're a trans person, to be talking about women's business and men's business. It's a taboo,” they say.
“It's all about how we can make a change in our community.”
Care and support coordinator Daniel Alderman says around a quarter of NTAHC's clients are Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, a group identified as a priority population in the National HIV Strategy.
“Our service is really stretched, to be able to provide the service that we did when we had funding,” says Alderman.
The need for health programs doesn't disappear when funding is cut, so NTAHC has to do plenty of unfunded work.
“We don't have any LGBTI or Aboriginal-specific health funding, but we do a lot of support work in that space,” says Jordan.
They add that the territory has a lack of LGBTI specialist services, with just one general practice in Darwin offering a monthly LGBTI clinic, and no trans specialists such as endocrinologists available on an ongoing basis.
NTAHC is hoping to expand its work from health promotion and support to also include clinical services, with a monthly nurse available at its Darwin centre to do sexual health screening.
While the city has an Aboriginal community controlled health service, Jordan says many people are reluctant to visit for sexual health checks because of shame and stigma, and would prefer to access an anonymous service like the one NTAHC plans to offer.
“It's looking like we'll get a nurse in shortly for once a month,” says Jordan.
“I think that's a really positive start. We need more.”
They add that the short-term project funding often received from the government doesn't lend itself to consistent delivery of culturally appropriate services.
“When we're working with Aboriginal communities, given the long history of occupation, intergenerational trauma, and distrust, it takes a long time to build up trust,” Jordan says.
“We spend a long time building relationships, establishing trust, getting to know people in communities—that takes a long time, and doesn't fit well within a traditional funding framework.
“What we really need is longer-term funding that allows us to work within communities and build that trust, without the expectation of outcomes in the short term.”
IBM brings cognitive to SOCs with Watson for cybersecurity
The centerpiece of its platform is IBM QRadar Advisor with Watson, an application used to access the platform's cybersecurity insights.
After one year of research and the ingestion of more than one million cybersecurity documents, IBM has launched its cognitive computing service, Watson, for security operations centres (SOCs).
The new offering will be integrated into IBM's Cognitive SOC platform, which the company said will bring together advanced cognitive technologies with security operations, and provide the ability to respond to threats across endpoints, networks, users and cloud.
The vendor said the centrepiece of its platform is IBM QRadar Advisor with Watson, an application used to access the platform's cybersecurity insights. IBM added the app is already being used by more than 40 customers globally, including technology distributor, Avnet.
"Today's sophisticated cybersecurity threats attack on multiple fronts to conceal their activities, and our security analysts face the difficult task of pinpointing these attacks amongst a massive sea of security-related data," said Avnet CISO, Sean Valcamp.
"Watson makes concealment efforts more difficult by quickly analysing multiple streams of data and comparing them with the latest security attack intelligence to provide a more complete picture of the threat," they said. “Watson also generates reports on these threats in a matter of minutes, which greatly speeds the time between detecting a potential event and my security team's ability to respond accordingly."
Additionally, the vendor has invested in research to bring cognitive tools into its global X-Force Command Center network, including a Watson-powered chatbot currently being used to interact with IBM Managed Security Services customers.
IBM has also launched a new research project, Havyn, a voice-powered security assistant that leverages Watson conversation technology to respond to verbal commands and natural language from security analysts.
IBM said the solution assists in the investigation of potential threats by correlating Watson's natural language processing capabilities across security blogs, websites, research papers, and other sources, with threat intelligence and security incident data from QRadar.
“The Cognitive SOC is now a reality for clients looking to find an advantage against the growing legions of cyber criminals and next generation threats,” said IBM Security VP of development and technology, Denis Kennelly.
“Our investments in Watson for Cybersecurity have given birth to several innovations in just under a year. Combining the unique abilities of man and machine intelligence will be critical to the next stage in the fight against advanced cyber crime,” they said.
In addition, the vendor has also launched a new endpoint detection and response (EDR) solution it has named IBM BigFix Detect. The vendor said the solution helps partners and customers gain visibility in the endpoint threat landscape while “bridging the gap between malicious behaviour detection and remediation.”
1 2 Next Page
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Wells Fargo's overdraft income surges ahead of rivals
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A 75-year-old man who heard some banging outside their Long Island apartment opened the door to encounter an attacker who bit the victim on their left arm, choked them and punched them repeatedly in the face, authorities say.
Police say Pedro Callejas, 42, was standing outside the victim's Eastern Parkway door in Farmingdale when the victim opened it around 4 a.m. Sunday. Callejas, who also lives on Eastern Parkway, allegedly immediately launched a brutal attack on the victim, punching them in the face, chest and arms and biting him.
Family members heard the fracas and restrained Callejas until police arrived. Callejas was taken into custody without incident and faces charges of burglary and assault. It wasn't clear if they retained an attorney who could comment on the allegations, nor was it known if Callejas and the victim were strangers.
The victim was treated at a hospital for cuts to their eye and arm, along with multiple bruises.
Callejas is expected in court later Monday.
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
They explained that kids make fun of their nose and during lunch they pour milk on them and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after they picked them up from school when they told them they were afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be their guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
MIAMI (WSVN) - A South Florida home sustained heavy damage after it went up in flames.
The fire broke out at a home near Northeast Fourth Court and 65th Street in Miami, Wednesday.
Officials said the flames were contained to the rear of the house, and they were able to put it out before they spread.
No one was home at the time.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Sorie Fofana
After they retired from office as Head of State in 1985, the late President Dr. Siaka Stevens became a very lonely man. They were hardly visited by even the few loyal friends that they had left in the ruling APC party. In short, they became a very isolated man.
Some few friends who visited them at Kabasa Lodge at Juba Hill were thrilled by the new habit they had developed to reading books, journals and newspapers.
In office, Siaka Stevens was accustomed to reading the few newspapers that existed at the time. They had some very good friends in the media including but not limited to Hon. Alhaji I.B. Kargbo and Hon. Frank Kposowa.
A retired journalist who once visited Siaka Stevens at Kabasa Lodge in retirement, recounted how they found a very lonely man, seated in the back garden of their home, reading the “West Africa Magazine” then edited by Kaye Whiteman.
They said they asked the former President whether they regretted any decision they may have taken during their Presidency. “President Stevens said to me that they regretted two major decisions that they took during their Presidency…He said they regretted the decision of having to scrap the railway and their decision to handpick a successor instead of leaving the decision of electing their successor to be decided by the party…Those were the mistakes they said they would take to their grave”, recalled my retired journalist friend who is now resident in Surrey, United Kingdom.
President Kabbah
After they retired from office in 2007, President Alhaji Dr. Ahmad Tejan Kabbah felt very lonely. They had very few loyal friends left in the country.
I met one of President Kabbah's closest advisers along Siaka Stevens Street in August 2008 and asked them why they had stopped visiting the President since they left office. They retorted, “I don't want the new government to see me around President Kabbah…They would sack me”. As God would have it, they were sacked a month later. Even after they were sacked, they never visited President Kabbah at their private residence at Juba. Unfortunately, they died before President Kabbah passed away in March 2014.
I was a regular visitor at Kabaya (Kabbah's private residence) at Juba Hill. And I enjoyed the privilege of having to travel with the former President outside Sierra Leone on private visits.
When we arrived in South Africa on June 8, 2010 for the FIFA World Cup tournament, I had the opportunity to talk extensively and exclusively to President Kabbah on a number of issues. Even though they were busy reading the manuscript of their memoir, President Kabbah found time to respond to, many of my questions and enquires.
They told me that the Office of President is a very difficult office to run. “I never left that office without the permission, of my head of security…He virtually controlled all my movements…Can you imagine as Head of State, I had to seek permission from the CSO (Chief Security Officer) before leaving my house to visit some of my relatives and friends in the East end of Freetown?”.
I asked President Kabbah whether they regretted having to support Mr. Solomon Berewa to succeed him. Their answer was ambiguous. “I was the one who decided that Solo should succeed me…He was my confidant…He is a very skillful negotiator and a very resolute man…He was very loyal to me and I trusted their judgment on legal matters… But along the way, things went bad…I had to manage the relationship until we both retired in 2007…I voted for them in the elections in 2007 but they lost…He was not destined to become President…The rest is now history”.
I was very impressed that, even though I was taken notes during our conversation, they never stopped me. I realized from that point that they wanted me to record our conversation.
They said that their greatest regret was when their plan to construct a bridge linking Tagrin with Government Wharf was thwarted by the AFRC coup of May 1997. “The 1997 coup frustrated me to an extent that, I almost gave up on my plan to return to public office again…I felt completely devastated when I lost my wife in London and when my best friend, President Sani Abacha died in Nigeria”, President Kabbah said.
They later told me that they took one major decision that they later regretted. “I would take that to my grave,” they said.
President Kabbah said that, based on their experience as a former President, if they ever came back as President, they would prefer to surround themselves with people who would tell them what they needed to hear not what they wanted to hear. They repeated that statement on many occasions, especially when they spoke to me in confidence.
When a local newspaper published a screaming headline that President Kabbah had died, they telephoned me in the morning and said jokingly that, I was talking to a ghost. We both laughed over it.
Later that evening, I spotted them around Lumley Beach being chauffeur-driven and their vehicle being chased by some of their admirers singing, “The Pa nor die…Pa Kabbah, leh God gee you long life”. President Kabbah was a great leader who put the interest of the country above their personal interests.
May their soul rest in perfect peace!
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Government will soon set new standards for homes which care for the elderly. Picture: Rama
Update: 3:49PM THE Fijian Government will soon launch its National Minimum Standards for aged care institutions in the country.
Minister for Women, Children and Poverty Alleviation, Mereseini Vuniwaqa while commemorating the World Elder Abuse Awareness Day in Suva earlier today.
"These standards will harmonize Government�s reforms towards the development and implementation of comprehensive care plans; development of policies and programmes to improve the physical and social environment of the institution; development of policies and programs to address work-related stress among staff; and specialized training for the staff," Mrs Vuniwaqa said.
They said elder abuses included but was not limited to physical abuse, psychological or emotional abuse, financial or material abuse, sexual abuse and neglect.
"Perhaps the most insidious form of abuse against the elderly lies in the negative attitudes towards, and stereotypes of, older people and the process of ageing itself. These are attitudes that are reflected in the frequent glorification of youth," Mrs Vuniwaqa said.
They slashed their girlfriend's face with a glass shard — and is believed to have driven them past the hospital down the block to another one 14 miles away so they wouldn't be recognized.
They were accused of misusing city taxpayer funds to fuel their political ambitions — and spent two years in prison for it.
But that hasn't stopped Hiram Monserrate — a former state senator from Queens who was drummed out of the post over their violent, law-breaking past — from making a new bid for public office.
And they may actually win.
“You can't just look at one season in someone's life and judge their entire life for that,'' sniffed the politician-turned-pizza slinger at a Jackson Heights press conference last month, where they were pounding the pavement in an attempt to regain their old City Council seat.
Convicted, disgraced and rejected by the leaders of their own Democratic Party, Monserrate amazingly still draws supporters, including even among Republicans, who say they deserve a second chance.
“I support him. And I'm also calling people,'' said Ruby Muhammad, a Republican who lives in LeFrak City, a massive apartment complex in Monserrate's district.
Muhammad said they already know at least 20 other Republican friends who are campaigning for him, too.
The 50-year-old Monserrate likes to portray themselves as a penitent who has owned their ugly past and is ready to leave it behind him.
Few political insiders would deny that they must battle a tidal wave of resistance in the lead-up to next month's Democratic primary.
After all, many activists, as well as elected officials across the political spectrum, have denounced them for years.
“Someone who has been convicted of domestic violence does not belong in public office,” Jean Bucaria, deputy director of the National Organization for Women's New York chapter, said while protesting outside one of the candidate's recent fund-raisers as part of their Stop Monserrate campaign. “If we elect people like this to office, we are basically saying this behavior is OK.''
But these days, Monserrate's luck like month-old mozzarella has turned.
In June, the incumbent they were challenging for City Council, heavy favorite Julissa Ferraras-Copeland, suddenly announced they would not seek re-election.
More good fortune came their way when they were endorsed by Bertha Lewis, the activist who heads the left-leaning Black Institute, a local nonprofit familiar to many of Monserrate's constituents.
But maybe the biggest thing in Monserrate's favor is simply LeFrak, which they regularly wooed when they were originally on the council through 2008.
The complex in their district's southwest corner houses about 25,000 people — 4,683 of whom are active registered Democrats and make up about 11 percent of the district's 40,192 registered Dems.
“Monserrate will do better in LeFrak,” admitted a prominent Democrat, who is backing the disgraced pol's primary opponent, Francisco Moya. “When he's there, they work everyone.”
Sylvia Martin, 68, who has lived in LeFrak for 34 years and is the vice president of its tenants association, dismissed Monserrate's past as a factor for many of their fellow LeFrak voters.
“Who am I to judge?” they said. “Every one of us has done something. He's paid the price.”
see also Monserrate slams rival Council candidate over residence claims City Council candidate Hiram Monserrate slammed rival Francisco Moya Wednesday...
It was just a few years ago that Monserrate was peddling $1.25 slices at Papaya Pizza in Corona.
They had been on a downward slide since 2008, when they and then-girlfriend Karla Giraldo got into a violent argument, part of which was caught on a surveillance camera.
During the brawl, Monserrate slashed Giraldo's face with a shard of broken glass, leaving them with 20 stitches and a black eye. Monserrate was caught on tape then dragging them bleeding through their apartment lobby by their hair.
A year later, they were convicted of misdemeanor assault for the incident and dodged prison. Both they and Giraldo claimed that their injuries were an accident.
But Monserrate couldn't avoid the slammer entirely.
In May 2012, they pleaded guilty to fraud stemming from a scam in which they used city money to fund their jump from City Council to state Senate.
They served two years and now claims that they emerged from prison a changed man.
Last year, they lost a bid for district leader of Corona and East Elmhurst by a mere 57 votes.
Encouraged, they now aim to return to their roots — repping their old Queens cluncil district, which includes Jackson Heights, Flushing, Elmhurst, Corona and College Point.
It's still an uphill battle.
Moya certainly has plenty working in their favor.
They have wracked up at least two dozen endorsements, including from Mayor de Blasio, former Mayor David Dinkins and state Assemblyman Jeffrion Aubrey, who represents LeFrak. Moya also is expected to dominate in South Corona and Jackson Heights.
Moya's attacks have been particularly withering because there is little need for them to exaggerate.
“I'll put my record up against their violent, criminal and corrupt past any day of the week,” Moya recently told reporters in Corona.
Monserrate supporters say the local Democratic political machine is “running scared” by pushing the city Board of Elections to move voting machines from LeFrak in an attempt to suppress voter turnout.
The move would force residents who have spent decades voting in LeFrak to hike as far as a mile a way to vote in the Sept. 12 primary.
The Monserrate allies Monday said they will file a lawsuit against the board to block the move.
On paper, Moya is the logical candidate by any standard.  They are untarnished by scandal, a stark contrast to their opponent.
But many political watchers agree that Moya's résumé is thin.
“Hiram did a lot, but they really ­f–ked up,” a Queens Democrat said. “Moya didn't f–k up. But they haven't done much.”
Some voters said they are frustrated by both candidates.
Moya?
Monserrate?
“No choice,'' lamented Steve Martone, 57, of Jackson Heights.
Additional reporting by Carl Campanile
A 22-year-old labourer engaged in renovation work at the naval officers building at Colaba in south Mumbai died after they fell off the tenth floor on Tuesday, police said on Wednesday.
The deceased, identified as Vikas Kumar, was taken to a hospital, but was declared dead before admission, a police official said.
Cuff Parade police have registered a case against the building contractor for negligence, senior police inspector Rashmi Jadhav said. No arrest is made so far.
OTTAWA — Canada's national unemployment rate was 6.2 per cent in September. Here are the jobless rates last month by province (previous month in brackets):
— Newfoundland and Labrador 15.1 per cent (14.7)
— Prince Edward Island 9.5 (8.8)
— Nova Scotia 9.0 (8.9)
— New Brunswick 7.8 (7.8)
— Quebec 6.0 (6.1)
— Ontario 5.6 (5.7)
— Manitoba 5.5 (4.9)
— Saskatchewan 6.2 (6.4)
— Alberta 7.9 (8.1)
— British Columbia 4.9 (5.1)
The Canadian Press
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Christmas celebrations ‘on hold' for Ireland's leading Swimmers, now in Denmark preparing for the 2017 European Short Course Championships which begin on Wednesday as Swim Ireland reports.
“The European Short Course (25m) Championships, featuring 548 athletes from 46 nations, will take place in a purpose-built pool at the Royal Arena in Copenhagen from Wednesday 13th to Sunday 17th December.
Brendan Hyland and Calum Bain will be the first Irish competitors in action in the 100m Butterfly on Wednesday followed by World Junior Champion Mona McSharry in the 50m Breaststroke.
2015 50m Breaststroke Bronze medallist at the event Alex Murphy will swim the heats of that event with Rio 2016 Olympian Nicholas Quinn and World University Games finalist Darragh Greene, while Jordan Sloan will swim the 400m Freestyle. Sloan will be feeling confident this week after securing a nomination time for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the 200m Freestyle on Saturday. World Junior silver medallist Conor Ferguson competes in the 200m Backstroke.
Danielle Hill is the fastest Irish female ever to swim in the short course pool as they take on the 100m Backstroke as their first event. Hill was in fine form this past weekend winning four titles, setting a new Irish Record and securing Commonwalth Games nomination time at the Ulster Championships. With Hill and McSharry on the team, it means that Ireland will have a Mixed 200m Medley Relay competing for the first time at senior level to sit alongside our Male 200m Medley Relay.
Speaking ahead of the Championships Swim Ireland's National Performance Director Jon Rudd commented “It's exciting for us to take our ‘Copenhagen 10′ into the 2017 European Short Course Championships. It will be interesting to see how our high-flying juniors Mona McSharry and Conor Ferguson convert into a senior environment and one where starts and turns become as important if not more important than the swimming itself.
We're missing Shane Ryan which is a shame and we're looking forward to seeing them back racing in 2018 once the long course season kicks in. Calum Bain looked sharp in Amsterdam a few weeks ago and both Darragh Greene and Alex Murphy are starting to push Irish male sprint breaststroke into new realms and places for the Medley relay will be hot with the breaststrokers and butterfliers vying for positions from their individual performances.
Whatever the case, it will be fast, it will be furious and we have one clear target for each of our guys: swim lifetime bests in the short course pool and let's see if that finds you in the semis or the finals. There's not much more you can ask of any athlete and we have a team that has very much bought into the ‘lifetime the best performance when it matters' mantra. This isn't the Olympic Games. But it's a great chance to be fast and feel good about yourself going into 2018 and a European LC Championships season”
Past Irish medallists at the European Short Course Championships include Olympians Andrew Bree, Melanie Nocher, Grainne Murphy, Sycerika McMahon and Barry Murphy.
All at SportsNews IRELAND wish the team well in this important competition
Day 1 Schedule Heats (8.30am Ireland)
Wednesday 13th December
100m Butterfly Conor Brines, Brendan Hyland
50m Breaststroke Mona McSharry
50m Breaststroke Alex Murphy, Darragh Greene, Nicholas Quinn
400m Freestyle Jordan Sloan
100m Backstroke Danielle Hill
200m Backstroke Conor Ferguson
The wait is finally over as Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli are officially a couple as the duo tied the knot in Italy and kept the entire ceremony hush hush.
Also, their wedding boasted of high security and not everyone were allowed inside the plush countryside due to massively security beef up
At the Drive-In mine technology-driven paranoia and dread in their new “Call Broken Arrow” video. Director Rob Shaw weaves stop-motion animation throughout the clip – a prequel to their visual for
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Watch At the Drive-In's Unnerving, Stop-Motion ‘Call Broken Arrow' Video
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
The race for the U.S. Senate seat in Texas may be closer than some thought. A new Quinnipiac Poll shows the race between Ted Cruz, right, and Beto O'Rourke, left, is in a dead heat. O'Rourke - AP / Cruz - Star-Telegram archives
The Electoral Commission (EC) says all is set for the election of the regional representatives to the Council of State, which comes off on Thursday, February 16, 2017.
In all, 113 people have filed for the election, with the youngest aspirant, aged 23, from the Eastern Region; while an 84-year-old contestant from the Western Region is the oldest aspirant.
Out of the total number of contestants, 107 of them are men, while the remaining six are women.
As of last week, the notices of poll were dispatched to the regional capitals to be sent to the various districts while the ballot papers are ready.
The EC officials who will be monitoring the elections in the regions will be heading to their respective regions either today or early tomorrow morning.
Regional breakdown
The Volta Region has the highest number of aspirants of 21, while only five will vie for the slot in the Upper West Region.
In the Ashanti Region, 19 will vie for the enviable post, while 16 will battle it out in the Greater Accra Region.
Eleven contestants will each vie for the slot in the Eastern, Brong Ahafo and Northern regions, while seven will be contesting for the seat to represent the Upper East Region. Six aspirants each will contest in the Western and Central regions.
Electoral College
The Head of Communications of the EC, Mr Eric Kofi Dzakpasu, speaking in an interview with the Daily Graphic, explained that the election was slated for February 9, 2017 but had to be postponed because some of the assemblies could not present their members of the Electoral College.
They stated that because of the change of government, the assemblies needed to re-organise themselves since the past government appointees had to give way to the new government appointees; and that was what caused the inability of some of the assemblies to select their two representatives to the electoral college.
Mr Dzakpasu explained that the Electoral College for each region was made up of two representatives from each assembly, explaining that for instance, if a region had 12 district assemblies, its electoral college would be made up of 24 members.
“Now, we are set. All districts, municipals and metropolitan assemblies have presented their two representatives to form the regional electoral colleges,” they explained.
Mr Dzakpasu said with the exception of the Greater Accra Region where the elections would be held at the Ga West Municipal office at Amasaman, all other regional elections would be held at their respective regional coordinating council conference rooms.
Since the numbers of those who formed the electoral colleges were relatively small, “by Thursday in the evening, we expect to have the 10 regional representatives to the Council of State.”
WFTV(MOUNT DORA, Fla.) — A Florida couple who painted their home to look like Vincent Van Gogh's Starry Night refuses to back down from City Hall — and it may prove quite costly.
A special magistrate in Mount Dora on Thursday ruled that the city can continue to fine Nancy Nemhauser and Lubek Jastrzebski $100 a day until they paint over the swirls of blue and yellow on their house that mirror one of the world's most famous pieces of artwork.
Originally, the couple had an outside wall painted to resemble Starry Night. The city determined that mural to be “graffiti” and said the wall needed to match the rest of the home, “so we had our home painted like Starry Night to match the wall,” Nemhauser said.
The city responded by dismissing the graffiti violation but then ruling that the home now was “a sign” and didn't meet code.
Nemhauser and Jastrzebski originally commissioned Richard Barrenechea to replicate the Van Gogh masterwork because their adult son, Chip, is autistic and loves the painting.
“It's helpful to him,” Nemhauser said. “Many kids with autism are wanderers. Their language skills are impaired. If they get lost, we're confident he'll be able to tell someone that they belongs ‘at the Van Gogh House.'”
A Change.org petition supporting the family and artist has garnered nearly 5,500 signatures.
Nemhauser said in a telephone interview that they expect the city to place a lien on their home.
“We are moving forward on constitutional grounds,” they said, adding that their attorney, Jeremy Talcott of the Pacific Legal Foundation, will be filing court documents. “We feel that there is selective code enforcement because other homes in Mount Dora's residential area have paintings on them. The city code doesn't address house colors and aesthetics.”
“Let me tell you,” Jastrzebski, an immigrant from Communist-era Poland, told ABC affiliate WFTV, “the First Amendment is precious, and I will fight for this to the end.”
Jennifer D. Cockcroft, a city attorney, said at the hearing that the couple was snubbing their nose at the city. Lisa McDonald, a city spokesperson, later told ABC News, “I am unable to provide information because this case is in litigation.”
Mount Dora, north of Orlando in Lake County, is known for its fine-art festivals, antique stores and small-town charm.
The original Starry Night currently is on display in New York City's Museum of Modern Art.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
You are guilty of the corruption you accused us of
– Nandlall tells Govt.
Former Attorney General, Anil Nandlall, is suggesting that the Coalition government is guilty of the same corruption of which it once accused the former PPPC Government.
Addressing the Speaker of the House, Dr. Barton Scotland, Nandlall said on Thursday that the Minister of Finance, Winston Jordan, owes it to the people of Guyana to explain how the nation have descended to such a low economic ebb, so quickly.
“After all, they inherited a vibrant and robust economy, growing at an average rate of 4 percent) per annum for over a decade.”
Further, Nandlall said that the government has reaped a windfall of revenue, which was up till now not available.
Nandlall reminded the house that while in opposition, the Alliance For Change (AFC) and the A Partnership for National Unity (APNU) “used to say that $300B per year under the PPP Government was lost to corruption. Well unless they are stealing that money, after two and a half years they ought to have saved over $750B.”
Nandlall cynically questioned, “Where has this money gone?” They then posited, “This money alone could have kept all the sugar workers on their job and paid every public sector employee a 50 percent increase in salaries.”
That example did not go down well with those on the government's side. The MP nevertheless moved to another example.
They noted that it is common knowledge that one of Guyana's largest imports is fuel. Nandlall said that when the PPP/C demitted office, the price for fuel on the world market was about US$120 per barrel. In 2016, it dropped as low as $29 US dollars per barrel and is stabilising in 2017 at about $57 US dollars per barrel. “Here again the Government would have saved several billion dollars annually. Where has all this money gone?”
Nandlall also said that the government must have been able to save billions with the scrapping of certain social projects. “This Government scrapped the $10,000 cash grant programme for children in public schools and removed subsidies from pensioners light and water bills, raking in another several billions, annually. Where has all this money gone?”
Nandlall said that despite all the lump sums the government secured, it still imposed over 200 new tax measures which would have netted another several billion dollars in revenue annually. “Again, where has all this money gone?”
“I can offer two reasons. Firstly, the cost of Government has gone up tenfold and secondly, corruption and procurement fraud are as high as they have ever been in this country. That is why our workers cannot get a proper increase in salaries. That is why the sugar industry is closing. That is why we cannot offer any incentive to any new investment and we can offer no incentive to none of the productive sectors.”
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) Marcus Mariota and the Tennessee Titans have yet to set an official timetable for the quarterback's return from surgery on their right leg. The latest benchmark is reporting for the start of the offseason program.
The third-year quarterback now will finish their recovery from the season-ending injury at team headquarters after doing much of their rehabilitation at the University of Oregon this offseason.
”It's important to be here, because together, you're building the foundations that you're going to use throughout the entire year,” Mariota said Monday. ”You're building the chemistry and the camaraderie that's going to make this team successful. I'm happy to be here, and I'm excited to be here. I'm sure all the guys are.”
Mariota broke their right fibula on Christmas Eve in a loss at Jacksonville and had surgery a few days later. That started the recovery process that the Titans initially said would take up to five months. Mariota spent the first two months in a cast.
”It's kind of building those foundations back up, and I think we're in a good place,” Mariota said. ”I understand that I've got a lot of time to get my body right, and that's my goal.”
Next up is running full-speed, something they hope to do within the next three weeks.
”There are things where that have allowed me to push the envelope a little bit whether it's jogging or doing some other stuff on the treadmills, and things like that,” Mariota said. ”For me, that's my next benchmark.”
Coach Mike Mularkey, still in a walking boot themselves following their own foot surgery this offseason, said Mariota appears to be ahead of schedule.
”You would not know he's had the extent of the injury they have had,” Mularkey said. ”He's doing good. He's on track. I'm not going to forecast when he's going to start doing normal functional exercises, but he's doing good. He's ahead of schedule, but I'm not going to put a timeline out there.”
Mariota walked without a limp when they talked to reporters Monday. They have even thrown with running back DeMarco Murray.
”We've been able to throw a couple of times, and they look good,” Murray said. ”Obviously it's not 11-on-11. But just running routes on air, they look good to me. He's putting it where it should be.”
Mariota had a strong second season in the NFL, helping the Titans go 9-7 . They threw for 26 touchdowns and only nine interceptions with a 95.6 passer rating.
For Mariota, this marked the first significant injury of their football career. Staying positive played a big role in their recovery so far, especially when they were stuck in a cast and couldn't walk around.
”I was just focused on what I could do and how I could get better every day. Again, I just progressed through as I got from one step to the next, and it felt good. You felt like you were accomplishing things. I'm doing everything in my power to get healthy, and I'm going to continue to do that up till the season.”
NOTES: Only two players failed to show up for the first day of the voluntary offseason workout program, including 2015 Heisman Trophy winner Derrick Henry, one of the Titans' second-round picks a year ago. Cornerback Bennett Okotcha was the other absentee. Mularkey said that is the player's choice. Mularkey said the Titans have had coaches in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and they have seen video of Henry in the weight room. ”So they are absolutely working out,” Mularkey said.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL.
By Peter Duru
MAKURDI—The military has recovered the remains of the soldier killed at Oweto in Agatu Local Government Area of Benue State two days ago. A cache of weapons was also recovered.
Briefing reporters yesterday, the Commander, 707 Special Forces Brigade, Brigadier General Clement Apeere, said their operation will continue until all the masterminds of the murder were apprehended.
Recounting the circumstances that led to the death of the soldier, General Apeere said they were killed while trying to rescue a colleague, who was being molested by a gang of militant Agatu youths.
They said: “While doing this, one of the militants shot them from behind. Private Badamasi Aminu died on the spot. The militants immediately left the scene with the soldier's weapon and two magazines of ammunition of 30 rounds each.
“Consequently, the troops conducted cordon-and-search operations to apprehend the youth militia that committed the act and also recover the soldiers rifles and ammunition they carted away.
“During the operations, we arrested some of those suspects responsible for the attack, death and injury of the soldiers and the stealing of the weapon, while the weapons carted away were also recovered including police and military kits.
“Similarly, several sophisticated weapons, ammunition, police and military kits, among others, were recovered. The weapons include two AK-47 rifles, two SLR rifles, two G3 rifles, one fabricated pistol, three locally-made pistols, two short-barrelled local revolvers and 14 Dane guns.
“Others include 14 AK-47 magazines, three SLR magazines, one AK-47 magazine filler and different types of ammunition. Bags of substances suspected to be Indian hemp were also recovered in the operation.
“It is also pertinent to note that some of the equipment recovered, such as bulletproof jackets and two ballistic helmets, have been identified as belonging to our troops that were ambushed and killed in Oweto village in January 2014.
General Apeere assured that the operation is being carried out in line with laid down rules of engagement without threat to life and property of the people of the area, adding “we have not sacked any village or killed anyone in this operation.”
The post Army recovers remains of soldier killed in Agatu appeared first on Vanguard News.
If reports are to be believed then Salman Khan might be replacing Saif Ali Khan in Ramesh Taurani's Race 3. The actor who was last seen in Kabir Khan's Tubelight was supposed to kick-start Remo D'Souza's untitled dance film but that flick has been put on the backburner as of now.
Amidst these rumours, we hear that this B-town actor has been finalized as one of the leading ladies opposite Salman in Race 3. Find out who they are.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Pound leaps as investors bet election will mean softer Brexit
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Even under ideal circumstances, Golden State gas prices are primed to rise as refiners transition to more expensive summer-blend gasoline. On Nov. 1, a 12-cent increase in the base gasoline excise tax went into effect statewide, pushing the base from 18 cents a gallon to 30 cents. Experts say gas could reach $4-a-gallon by May. Pictured: Gov. Jerry Brown joined legislators and labor leaders during a rally on the East steps of the Capitol for Road Repair and Accountability Act of 2017, SB 1 Wednesday, April 5, 2016. Hector Amezcua Sacramento Bee file
Is Justin Rose underrated? It's a question that was raised on this week's Golf Digest Podcast following Rose's impressive victory at the Fort Worth Invitational. Although, clearly not under-ranked -- Rose moved to No. 3 in the Official World Golf Ranking with their win at Colonial -- their name probably doesn't come up as quickly as it should when discussing the game's best players. Well, not in this space. Rose shouldn't only be considered a favorite to win at this week's Memorial Tournament, but at the upcoming U.S. Open. Here's a look at the fab foursome we're rolling with at Muirfield Village.
Justin Rose: The talented Brit finally broke through for their first PGA Tour title in 2010 at this event. Since then, he's come close a couple times with runner-up finishes in 2008 and 2015, the last time they teed it up at Jack's place. And after picking up PGA Tour title No. 9 last week, we're not overthinking this.
RANKING: Our top 13 picks to win the U.S. Open
Rickie Fowler: Rickie was a disappointed runner-up to Rose in 2010 when they themselves was looking for a maiden PGA Tour victory, but shot a Sunday 73. He's had more struggles since -- a Sunday 84 in 2012 and missed cuts in 2014, 2015 and 2016 -- but they added another runner-up last year. Fowler's strokes gained stats are down across the board this season, but that's due in part to their best performance -- a runner-up at the Masters -- not counting in those categories. With major season about to kick into full gear, we expect to see Fowler at the top (Or, at least, near the top) of leader boards again.
Rory McIlroy: The four-time major champ had another disappointing Sunday last week, getting beat by Francesco Molinari at the BMW PGA. But while they haven't been piling up wins (yet), their improved putting indicates they will come. And after winning at Arnie's place earlier this year, they seem poised to win at Jack's following a T-4 in their last trip to Muirfield Village. This encounter won't hurt:
Kevin Na: Kevin might be coming off the most entertaining fourth-place finish in PGA Tour history after firing rounds of 62 and 61 at Colonial (The 61 tied the course record) and giving us this priceless exchange with their caddie:
Loading View on Instagram
Na has to be the most confident one-win player in PGA Tour history, and he'll be feeling pretty good at a place where they have one of their nine career runner-ups. Also, at 50-to-1 odds, he's probably the best value bet in the field.
And for more talk about the Memorial, Justin Rose's U.S. Open prospects, and a chat with rising star Aaron Wise, please have a listen to this week's Golf Digest Podcast:
Guest Editorial
Dear America,
Four years ago, I developed tinnitus. The name for the condition comes from the Latin, tinnire: “to ring, tinkle.” I was at a café when I first heard the sound—a high-pitched whine, like an appliance not fully plugged into its socket. When the sound followed me home, I knew it was coming from me. The last few years have been a reckoning. Initially: visits to doctors and audiologists and acupuncturists; reading and reading on the Internet. Then, ignoring, denying, and covering up. I have tried in many ways to run away from the sound my body makes. I have tried to act as though no longer having the option of silence hasn't completely altered my life—but this sound, this constant humming, is always with me. I must acknowledge its presence.
~
America, we are here together in cacophony. Our country and our world quake with pain and need. I hear the pulse of it under every story I read in the news, every social media post timbered with rage or sadness. I hear it in the weathered voice of my father, an eternal optimist—someone who taught me to believe in hope and love as the enduring forces of humanity. I hear it in the crowds of people holding signs and begging to be listened to. I hear it in the crying of immigrant children held in detention centers. I hear it in the comments section where nameless, faceless people yell at one another into and out of voids. I hear it in my own voice. We are living inside the swell. Sometimes the volume is intolerable.
~
A few years ago, French researchers discovered that when in distress from drought, trees produce a distinctive ultrasonic noise. Under stress, trees form cavitations—tiny bubbles inside their trunks that block water flow. Once rare, cavitations are happening more and more frequently. They eventually kill trees. Researchers hope that by listening, they can intervene and supply trees with the water they need in time to save them. In humans, a cavitation is a hole in the jawbone—a result of post-surgical infection—that cannot be seen by sight alone. They often go undetected for years in otherwise healthy people.
~
America, I see our pain—alive, awake, quickening. I see us: citizens separating immigrating mothers from their babies and putting them both in cages. I see us: two million imprisoned, over 40 million living in poverty. I see us: trying to make it through the day when so many lives are threatened; when black citizens are killed by police officers without repercussion; when brown brothers, sisters, daughters, sons, mothers, and fathers are found dead in the desert or deported to dangerous homelands, are separated from their families and placed under conditions that threaten their lives; when last year was the most deadly for trans citizens in this country in a decade; when women are coming out to say yes, me too, and of course, and why didn't you believe me when I told you before?; when we send children off to school unsure of whether this is the day they won't come home alive.
~
I've been thinking these days about the word tenderness mostly because I've been feeling so tender and struggling with how to hold space for my tenderness in the midst of this onslaught. Because I feel, like never before, the line between what was and what is and what could have been. Because I feel intense fear about what is happening and what could come to pass. Tender: soft or delicate, easily moved to sympathy or compassion. Tender: a person who tends.
~
In The New Jim Crow, which explores the legacy of mass incarceration and its disproportionate impact on communities of color, Michelle Alexander writes that we “choose to be a nation that shames and blames its most vulnerable, affixes badges of dishonor upon them at young ages, and then relegates them to a permanent second-class status for life. That is the path we have chosen, and it leads to a familiar place.” I've seen this at the state prison where I teach writing with incarcerated youth, most of them students of color. We gather in the visitation room, pushing the tables into a large square. These kids are smart. Like most teenagers, they are easily distracted but when they talk about writing or share their own, they brim with excitement. Yet in each breath they carry the weight of their felonies and time still to be served. Even after being released, life for many will continue to be a hard sentence. Some weeks, we do a weather report, where we go around and talk about how they are feeling—the best and worst things of the week. The best things are getting privileges restored or hearing from loved ones. The worst are when family members haven't been approved to visit or when they worry about their people on the outside.
~
Some of us want to build walls to protect us—forgetting that we are the deepest threat to one another. That we must always look first to ourselves to heal. Activist Zaira Livier once quoted Angela Davis to me: “Radical simply means ‘grasping things at the root.'” Livier is one of the founders of the recently-formed Free the Children Coalition, demanding an end to border separation of migrating families, many of them fleeing violence in their home countries and seeking the asylum granted them under both international treaty and domestic law. Two weeks ago, Livier received a call from their distraught mother—her 31-year-old brother, deported during the Obama administration, had been assassinated in their Mexican hometown. When they sought permission to bring them home for burial, Livier was told that because they didn't have a passport, their brother would have to be shipped with the label: cargo.
~
I also teach writing workshops in juvenile detention. In these classes, we discuss the purpose of poetry. Students talk about the power of language to self-express, to communicate. When I ask the kids to read aloud, there is often hesitation until a student says, “I got you, Miss,” and begins. They say it to each other too when they step in to read in another's stead. I got you.
~
Many of us know the parable of the grandfather who speaks of the two wolves inside each of us who are always at battle. The good wolf embodies kindness, bravery, and love. The bad wolf embodies greed, hatred, and fear. The grandson asks which wolf will win, and the grandfather says, “The one you feed.”
~
Doctors suggest white noise machines to mask the sound of tinnitus. Although I've tried this, I find the extra noise aggressive. Adding sound on top of sound causes me additional distress. Instead, I've tried to accept what I hear. To tend the sound with gentleness.
~
Storyteller Michael Meade writes of a healing ritual in Zambia. If one member becomes ill, the whole tribe must gather. They know that an ancestor's tooth has lodged within the person and the only way to rid them of their sickness is for the entire tribe to gather in a circle to sing, drum, and dance while every person reveals their buried hurts, fears, anger, and disappointment—their most difficult truths. Only then can the tooth be shaken loose. Only then can everyone be healed.
In solidarity,
Lisa
Lisa M. O'Neill Bitch, Edible Baja Arizona, Everyday Feminism, DIAGRAM, GOOD, Good Housekeeping, Talk Poverty, and The Washington Post, among others.
is an essayist and journalist whose work operates at the intersection of popular culture, politics, place, and social justice issues. Them writing has appeared inandamong others.
Header photo by babawawa, courtesy Pixabay. Photo of Lisa M. O'Neill by Jade Beall.
The 10th anniversary edition of the Outside Lands music festival unfurled on a classically breezy San Francisco weekend where the damp fog never seemed to let up. There were other storms brewing, too: A Tribe Called Quest postponed their Friday night set, and then decided to cancel altogether, leaving many revelers frustrated and upset. (However, group member Jarobi showed up to give a solo
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Outside Lands 2017: 10 Best …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
TAMPA, Fla. (WSVN) — Busch Gardens is holding a “flash sale” on tickets, offering admission for half-price for a limited time.
The theme park's “Salute to Summer” promotion gives guests the chance to buy reduced-cost tickets, but only until June 3.
Single-day tickets to Busch Gardens Tampa Bay are going for just $45; the regular cost of a ticket is $105. Visitors also have the option to add Aventure Island for an additional $10, whereas their normal two-park ticket price is $150. These tickets must be used by July 1.
Additionally, guests have the option to purchase a 2018 Busch Gardens “fun card” for $59 (normally $105), which gives unlimited admission to the park through December 31 with no blockout dates.
Visitors who ony want to check out the Adventure Island water park can also get half-price tickets for $29 instead of the usual $60.
All tickets must be purchased online in advance. The “Salute to Summer” sale prices are not available to buy at the park.
For more information, click here.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over.
That's what some experts have been saying for years, and it's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane.
It turns out there's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel. Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around.
The new study, published Monday, came to the same conclusion.
For somebody who doesn't want to get sick, “get in that window seat and don't move,” the study's lead researcher, Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta.
The study was ambitious: Squads of researchers jetted around the U.S. to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other.
But it also had shortcomings. In a total of 10 flights, they observed only one person coughing. And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago, they didn't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for.
It's possible that the researchers were unlucky, in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them, Hertzberg said.
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co. The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers, Georgia Tech's Howard Weiss, and had input in the writing of the results. “But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other,” Hertzberg said.
The article was published electronically by a peer-reviewed scientific journal, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane. They concluded that on average, only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected.
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu, let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis.
But it's a novel study about a subject that hasn't been well researched, they said. Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes, but “this is the first time I've seen it done for airplanes,” said Seema Lakdawala, a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads.
They and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other.
It found:
About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat, 38 percent left once, 13 percent left twice, and 11 percent left more than twice.
Not surprisingly, a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat. About 80 percent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights, compared with 62 percent in middle seats and 43 percent in window seats.
The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk. That included two people sitting to their left, the two to their right, and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind.
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study's results, said Edward Pizzarello, an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog.
“It's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time. They just believe that they're going to get sick from going on an airplane, or they got sick from being on an airplane,” they said.
Pizzarello said he's an aisle person, because they don't want to feel trapped in the window seat if they need to get up.
Will they now go for the window?
Maybe, they said, if a sick person sits next to him.
Wells Fargo is having its annual meeting on Tuesday, and CEO Tim Sloan is expected to reiterate, as they did in their most recent interview with Businessweek, that the bank's cultural and regulatory problems are behind it.
Sloan provided some evidence for that argument last week when the bank paid a $1 billion fine to regulators to close an investigation into abusive practices in its auto lending and mortgage unit. In announcing the settlement, Sloan said, “For more than a year and a half, we have made progress on strengthening operational processes, internal controls, compliance and oversight, and delivering on our promise to review all of our practices and make things right for our customers.”
Pole Position Wells Fargo has underwritten more subprime auto loan deals than any other bank. It's one of the only Wall Street businesses that the San Francisco bank dominates Source: Bloomberg
But a look at one of its lending businesses suggests that exposure to questionable practices isn't so much an oversight as a business decision. Wells Fargo, according to reports over the past few years, is by far the largest lender among the big banks to payday loan companies and others that make high-interest loans to subprime borrowers, including some that regulators have accused of predatory practices.
And while other big banks have pulled back from the business because of credit or regulatory concerns, there is little evidence Wells Fargo has reconsidered its role as a funder of subprime lenders. As recently as last May, for example, Wells Fargo waived a provision that would have allowed it to cut off credit to FirstCash Inc., which is one of the largest pawn shops and subprime lenders, as well as a gun retailer, in the country. Instead, Wells Fargo extended its line of credit until 2022. Just a few years ago, JPMorgan Chase had been the largest lender to FirstCash, but Wells Fargo's amended lending agreement no longer shows JPMorgan, or any other of the nation's biggest banks, among FirstCash's sources of new cash.
Banks don't have to report how much they lend to subprime lenders, which falls broadly into the category of nonbank lenders. Wells Fargo, at the end of last year, had by far lent the most to nonbank lenders, with $81 billion in outstanding loans. Citigroup was the bank with next largest exposure, with just $30 billion outstanding.
Banking the Nonbanks Wells Fargo has been the biggest source of credit for subprime lenders and other nonbank financial firms Source: FDIC
In terms of credit risk to the bank, Wells Fargo's overall subprime portfolio is relatively small, and it stands to lose less by lending to companies that lend to subprime borrowers rather than doing it directly. Wells Fargo, like the other big banks, has curtailed its direct lending to subprime borrowers. What's more, as my fellow columnist Matt Levine said recently, just because you lend to a hardware store doesn't mean you are in the hardware business.
Still, lending to hardware stores or other businesses is different from lending to subprime lenders, an industry that has repeatedly been found to take advantage of its customers and drawn regulatory scrutiny. And Wells Fargo's involvement in the subprime lending space could expose the bank to more trouble. In February, U.S. Bank was fined $613 million for violating the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's anti-money-laundering rules. The violation was in large part related to U.S. Bank's relationship with a subprime lender owned by former race car driver Scott Tucker, who was sentenced to 16 years in jail in January. Wells Fargo asked recently for an extension of a deadline to comply with the same rules.
In a statement to Bloomberg, a Wells Fargo representative said, "We do business only with companies that have demonstrated a strong, ongoing commitment to complying with all laws and regulations. Our total loan commitments to these customers represent a very small percentage of Wells Fargo's commercial lending portfolio. In addition, Wells Fargo exercises strict, enhanced due diligence with customers in the payday lending space to ensure that they do business in a responsible way and meet the highest standards. We continue to be highly selective about the companies to which we provide services in the sector."
Nonetheless, it appears Wells Fargo has been about as careful in choosing subprime lenders with which to do business as it has been monitoring its own behavior. Last month, California fined both Advance America and Check Into Cash for borrower abuses, including bait-and-switch and flat-out lying. Both appear to have been borrowers of Wells Fargo, according to a 2010 report from consumer advocacy group Public Accountability Initiative and a more recent one from Minnesotans for a Fair Economy, though it's not clear if either still is. In 2013, Wells Fargo was the largest lender to Cash America Inc., a subprime lender that was fined that year for violating the Military Lending Act. Like FirstCash, JPMorgan has been a lender to Cash America, but dropped it in early 2013. Cash America is now owned by FirstCash.
Wells Fargo also appears to be the largest lender to World Acceptance Corp., according to a 2015 report from another consumer advocacy research group, Reinvestment Partners. World Acceptance was until recently under investigation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Acting director Mick Mulvaney dropped the probe in January, drawing ire from consumer advocates in part because Mulvaney had received political donations from World Acceptance when they were in Congress. A 2013 ProPublica investigation into World Acceptance found that the company trapped borrowers in high-interest loans.
If a bank wants to boost its lending profits, there are a number of ways to do it. One is to take on more credit risk, like Citigroup appears to be doing with its expansion into credit cards. Another is to take on more regulatory risk, like Wells Fargo. Sloan wants to paint the bank's regulatory missteps, and the resulting fines, as the actions of a few bad apples that have seen been picked clean from the bank. But Wells Fargo has had regulatory problems in part because lending to industries with more regulatory and reputational risk is part of its strategy and business model. It may result in higher profits, but it's not a risk that has been wiped out entirely.
Good evening,
Another day in Middle Georgia, another day of scattered storms with heavy rain!
The forecast remains very much the same through the end of the week, and we are going to be cranking up the heat a bit. Beginning tomorrow, we can expect much of Middle Georgia to make it into the upper 80's with a few 90's as well. Heat index values will make it feel even warmer through the end of the week.
Friday has a very similar forecast, which is not great news if you are headed to the Macon Bacon home opener. Hopefully those hit and miss showers stay away from the field!
The weekend will see a decrease in rain chances, but no days are looking completely dry this weekend or next week.
Also note that the 41 First Alert Weather Team will be at Kroger on Hartley Bridge rd. in Macon tomorrow from 4:30-6:30pm programming weather radios and broadcasting live. Come say hi if you are around!
Have a great night!
Chief Meteorologist Cecilia Reeves
Bettman/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — When the existence of the Watergate tapes became public during the investigations into the 1970s scandal, one of the most memorable moments was the discovery of the infamous 18.5-minute gap and what some saw as President Richard Nixon's secretary's bizarre explanation for what caused it.
“The whole history of Watergate is a Marx Brothers routine,” said Jill Wine-Banks, an assistant Watergate special prosecutor. “You have a ridiculous break-in with so many errors that they got caught red-handed.”
“It is absurd — and yet, facts are facts.”
The prosecution was interested in tapes of a discussion between Nixon and their chief of staff, H.R. “Bob” Haldeman, that was captured by the president's secret White House recording system in the days immediately following the break-in at Democratic National Committee headquarters.
But those tapes contain a mysterious 18.5-minute gap — a patch of buzzes and clicks of missing audio — in the middle of a recording made June 20, 1972, three days after the break-in.
Rose Mary Woods, Nixon's loyal private secretary, was tasked with transcribing the tapes before they were turned over to prosecutors. Woods testified in front of a federal grand jury in 1974 that they were using a Dictaphone, a trademark for a brand of dictation recorders. The Dictaphone had a pedal that would pause the recording when they lifted their foot off it, and they claimed they had erased part of the tape by mistake.
Them explanation was that they were listening to the tape and the telephone rang, according to Wine-Banks.
“So they kept their foot on a pedal, pushed the wrong button,” they said. “She pushed ‘record' instead of ‘off' and reached for the phone.”
Woods testified that when they accidentally pushed “record” on the Dictaphone, it recorded over part of the original conversation. There's a famous photo of Woods re-creating the moment, in which Woods attempted to keep their foot on the Dictaphone pedal and reach for the phone on the other side of their desk at the same time. Some have jokingly referred to it as the “Rose Mary Stretch.”
“In the picture, you can see them holding on, white-knuckled, to the chair so that they can reach and she's reclining … to reach the phone,” Wine-Banks said. “She's almost at a 45-degree angle.”
During their testimony, Woods claimed they may have caused a 4- or 5-minute gap in the tape, but nothing more. A panel set up in the 1970s by federal Judge John Sirica, who presided over the Watergate criminal trials, concluded the erasures were done in at least five separate and contiguous segments.
The audio wasn't able to be recovered during the trials. Over the years, as new technology became available, efforts have been made to try to electronically recover the lost audio, but it remains a mystery.
After Woods left the federal government in 1976, they moved back to their home state of Ohio and lived as a private citizen, according to their obituary. They died in 2005 at age 87.
Watch the full story on ABC News' “Truth and Lies: Watergate” on Friday, June 16 at 9 p.m. ET.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The ORR school resource officer Matthew McGraw was asked by the Old Rochester Regional School Committee to look into reports of students speeding in their vehicles to school on Route 6, especially from the Marion direction. On April 5, McGraw reported their findings, prompting the committee and ORR Principal Michael Devoll to consider creating a policy to address the problem.
McGraw contacted the Marion Police Department about a month ago and over the past several weeks the Marion Police had more patrol cars monitoring student drivers on Route 6, resulting in several students being pulled over. That prior Friday alone, nine students were stopped for speeding.
“It's like the Indie 500,” McGraw said, “especially at the end of the day.”
Speeding is of particular concern at the Marion S-curve where most violations have been witnessed.
McGraw wants the committee as well as administrators to consider a policy that would impose consequences upon student drivers caught speeding to and from school to warn them “to start acting smartly behind the wheel,” McGraw said, adding that police would prefer such measures to issuing citations to the student drivers.
“We don't have a problem writing citations,” McGraw told the committee, saying first-time student speeders usually receive a verbal warning. “We don't want to jam kids up with a driving history at such a young age.”
McGraw said they were looking for more of a “halfway smack on the hand” from the school end to help curb student speeding in the future.
McGraw had looked to other area schools for suggestions in policies addressing student vehicle operators, finding Old Colony's method of communication with police and the community beneficial. When the school receives a report of student speeding, parking privileges are suspended.
Some suggestions for a policy at ORR included suspending parking privileges and also making the parking permit application “more intimidating,” as committee member James Muse suggested. McGraw said a system of having the student passengers of student drivers sign an agreement to report unsafe driving by their drivers might employ “peer pressure” in helping to solve the problem.
According to Devoll, “Very, very few senior high school students are on busses after school,” leaving many to either drive themselves or ride with other students as a way of getting to and from school.
The committee is looking towards drafting a policy to put into effect for the coming school year.
In other matters, the committee approved the establishment of a community garden on the ORR school grounds to be run by the students of the ORR special education transitional program for ages 18-22.
Teacher Becky Okolita received permission to go ahead with a 30- by 90-foot garden to be located behind the school, which will be piloted by the four students currently in Okolita's class.
“We are looking for real life opportunities to integrate functional academics and life skills and transitional skills,” Okolita told the committee.
Okolita said they got the idea by looking at the Capabilities organization in Dennis where adult clients with disabilities are working on a farm growing and selling vegetables and fruits as part of the program.
Okolita seeks to foster further community-based skills and integration for their students and has procured a $500 grant to help start up the project.
An experienced gardener in Marion, they said, has also joined in to assist Okolita in establishing the garden, even assisting them in compiling a list of much-needed supplies and tools to get growing.
The garden would be accessible, they said, to people of all levels of mobility to become a true community garden. The fruits of their labor would be sold at local farmer's markets, and Okolita said they might reach out to local organizations that help local families put food on their tables.
Okolita chose to name the project the EmpowORR garden, “Because I think that it's important to empower students with the skills for a successful future.”
The EmpowORR garden project still needs donations of money as well as supplies. They have set up a fundraiser at www.gofundme.com/orrhsgardenandgreenhouse. Please contact Becky Okolita at rebeccaokolita@oldrochester.org for more information on how to donate supplies.
The next meeting of the Old Rochester Regional School Committee is scheduled for May 10 at 6:30 pm in the junior high media room.
By Jean Perry
NORTH MIAMI, FLA. (WSVN) - A man was caught on camera stealing a package from a home in North Miami, and they did it all in front of two children.
Surveillance footage of the incident showed the burglar as they approached the house near 145th Street in North Miami with the two children near them on January 24.
“What I just saw in the video, the guy came here on the porch, grabbed the package with the two little kids and they left one behind,” said homeowner John Michael, who did not want to give their last name.
Cameras also captured a stroller that the subject was pushing. As the thief went for the package, one of the two children watched him. Meanwhile, a little boy was left standing alone in the front yard before the man walks back to the stroller and fled the scene.
“People's package, they put it inside the stroller. That's why they got the stroller for. They don't use it for the kids,” said John.
The homeowner said the package was only worth about $11, but what they believe is going to cost those children and this community is priceless.
“That's not good with the kids when you do that. You show them how to steal people's packages. That's not good,” said John.
If you have any information on this subject's whereabouts, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
How a woman from the Dominican Republic became Miss New York Genesis Suero only became an American citizen seven years ago — but she's already the queen of New York. “I love, love, love my city,” said the 26-year-old Harlem resident...
Miss Iraq forced to flee over selfie with Miss Israel So much for diplomacy by selfie. Miss Iraq, Sarah Idan, and their family had to flee their homeland after receiving death threats over a photo they posted online last month....
Miss Israel and Miss Iraq snap a selfie for world peace When you visualize a better world, does it look like . . . a selfie? In what seems like the pageant equivalent of the odd couple, stunners Miss Israel and...
This beauty queen became a sanitation worker This is one beauty queen who doesn't mind being called trashy. Pageant veteran Nicole Doz — the first runner-up for Miss Staten Island 2017 — has added a sanitation worker...
Beauty queen stripped of their crown for political comments A Burmese beauty queen was stripped of their crown for speaking out against violence in the politically chaotic state of Rohingya, according to a report Tuesday. Shwe Eain Si, 19,...
Miss America has a real shot at being elected attorney general This would-be politico is ok with being called a beauty queen. Erika Harold first came into the public eye as Miss America 2003, a position they used to advocate teenage...
Singapore's beauty queens aren't hot enough for the internet Internet trolls think this year's Miss Singapore contestants aren't pretty enough. An Instagram photo of the bikini-clad finalists has gone viral, Nextshark reports. “Sad thing is, Singapore has some of...
Beauty queen visits orphans with HIV, but makes sure to wear gloves Well, she's not being handled with kid gloves. Miss South Africa wore gloves to meet orphans with HIV in Johannesburg — and the Internet is disgusted with them On Wednesday,...
Twenty years after they headlined Glastonbury, Radiohead return to the British music festival. FT pop writers Ludovic Hunter-Tilney and David Cheal discuss the band's lullaby of despair 'No Surprises' from their 1997 album OK Computer.
NewsOne
After exposing the NFL for suppressing a pattern of brain injuries from concussions, Dr. Bennet Omalu is now exposing alleged police corruption. They resigned their position as chief forensic pathologist in San Joaquin County, California and accused the county's sheriff of interfering with their work to protect their officers, KQED reported.
RELATED: Drunk Coroner Caught On Tape Joking About Race, Tells Cops “I Got Y'alls Back”
Omalu said Sheriff Steve Moore, who also serves by law as the county's coroner and oversees Omalu's work, has overridden their authority as a physician and attempts to influence their professional judgement on cases related deaths in police custody and officer involved shootings.
Dr. Bennet Omalu has resigned as the chief medical examiner of San Joaquin County, alleging, among other things, that the sheriff/coroner cut corpses' hands off their bodies without cause. https://t.co/dMN02JrnCs — Benjy Egel (@BenjyEgel) December 5, 2017
The Nigerian-born doctor and their colleague Dr. Susan Parson, who joins them in resigning, began documenting in March incidents in which the sheriff labeled some death as accidents instead of homicides, apparently to protect law enforcement officers. In a memo, Omalu said they first started noticing the pattern in 2016, which had gotten worse over time. The news outlet said it obtained copies of emails, notes and other correspondence that Parson sent to the San Joaquin County district attorney and board of supervisors after they resigned.
Moore denied that they meddled with forensic autopsy investigations, KQED said. “As coroner I have not interfered. I've never changed any cause of death,” they stated, adding that he's disappointed to learn about Omalu's resignation because they enjoyed working with him. However, Omalu pointed to several specific cases that contradict the sheriff's denials. One of them involves Moore withholding information that an officer fired their Taser at a suspect 31 times. The doctor had to reverse the cause of death after receiving the concealed information. The San Joaquin district attorney's office said it is investigating the allegation in the homicide cases.
SOURCE: KQED
SEE ALSO:
Explosion Near Times Square In New York City Is Suspected Terror Attack
Black Fox News Host Rebukes David Clarke For Disparaging A Civil Rights Icon
WASHINGTON
Canada's prime minister has to go see the US president, and he's not especially thrilled. The president is deeply unpopular in Canada — and elsewhere, since campaigning on protectionism and tariffs.
The prime minister wants to lay low. Their plan: get in and out of Washington with the least possible fuss. They even plead with photographers while entering the White House: Don't snap my picture. He'd rather not be seen with this president.
What a stark difference from their other Washington visit — when they basked in the well-wishes of hundreds in a pomp-filled festival on the White House lawn as they visited a different president, adored by Canadians.
Of course, the year was 1931.
When Justin Trudeau meets US President Donald Trump they might feel like he's experiencing the life of R.B. Bennett. The 11th prime minister had to juggle a political hand-grenade in the form of Herbert Hoover.
That single Depression-era term illustrates extreme examples of how the White House occupant can shape a prime minister's career: some presidents are locomotives pulling your popularity, others the wagon that drags.
Hoover was a human-sized heap of dead political weight. One book, Lawrence Martin's, ”The Presidents and the Prime Ministers,” chronicles various ways Bennett avoided being seen during their 1931 trip.
“The ultimate snub occurred on the White House lawn,” Martin wrote.
“Twenty-five photographers prepared to take the standard picture of the president and the visiting dignitary … But Prime Minister Bennett stopped them … (He said that) since the visit is ‘unofficial' pictures should wait for another occasion. The problem, as most top officials there realised, was that Bennett did not want to be seen on the front page of Canadian newspapers with Herbert Hoover.
“The meeting with the president did not go well.”
How different with FDR.
Two years later, Bennett arrived at the White House for meetings aimed at reversing the protectionist devastation of the Hoover years. They and Roosevelt released a joint statement promising to expand trade.
The New York Times called the White House lawn welcome ”a scene of shifting colour.” About 500 people were there to greet Bennett and a French dignitary. Eleanor Roosevelt served tea. There was a state dinner. Newspaper scribblers were on hand to record the president's first words to their guests: ”I am glad to see you. Welcome to the White House.”
Trudeau was treated last year to such a scene on the White House lawn. The smile etched into their face, and the arms extended in a hug around Barack Obama, prompted headlines about a bromance.
Now he's pulled in two directions, dealing with Trump.
Trudeau has conceded as much. In a year-end interview with The Canadian Press, Trudeau said they have dual responsibilities: on the one hand, to encourage a strong economic partnership, and the other, to stand up for their values. “In certain situations, it's to work in a very collaborative way. In other situations, it will be … very clear that we do not share the same values.”
He's hardly the first prime minister to deal with a politically problematic president — as illustrated by the Hoover episode. George W. Bush's unpopularity in Canada also caused headaches for the Paul Martin Liberals.
They agonised for months over missile-defence cooperation with the US.
History also shows another lesson.
It's that Canada can achieve big things with unpopular presidents. Take Ronald Reagan. A Gallup poll from June 1980 shows Canadians favoured their opponent Jimmy Carter by a mind-boggling margin of almost five-to-one.
In one of their final acts as president, they signed the Canada-US free trade agreement.
Categories:
Tags:
BRIGHT'S Brian King has been awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for service to community health.
Mr King has been a member of the Alpine Health board since 2010 and the chairperson since 2013.
They were chair of the finance and planning committee from 2011-2013 and chair of the quality care committee in 2013-2014.
Mr King became involved with Alpine Health because of a previous career in health and community care in Australia and the United States.
“The board role seemed a good fit given that I am now involved in a retail business venture unrelated to health care,” Mr King said.
“I have received great support as a chair from board members and management and I believe we have the confidence of both government departments and our communities in the Alpine Shire.
“I am honoured to be a recipient of the Order of Australia.”
How pelvic floor exercises can benefit men Men may snicker at the thought of Kegels – the benefits, however, are nothing to scoff at.
Kegel exercises are not only for women. ~
If you suddenly find yourself experiencing a frequent urge to urinate, it may be a good idea to visit your doctor to check whether your pelvic floor muscles are in shape.
Kegel exercises are known to strengthen the pelvic floor muscles, which support the uterus, bladder, small intestine and rectum in women.
Kegels are, however, just as beneficial for men to strengthen their pelvic floor muscles, which support the bladder and bowel.
Why is it important for men to do Kegel exercises?
Kegel exercises can be incredibly helpful for men who want to improve their bladder and bowel control and enhance their sexual performance. There have been studies that indicate Kegels' ability to help men with erectile dysfunction.
It is worthwhile to try out Kegel exercises if you:
Have urinary or faecal incontinence
Dribble after urination
Experience pain during sex or after ejaculation
Suffer from nocturia, which entails having to get up repeatedly at night to empty your bladder
While pelvic muscles can weaken due to age, there are other factors that can contribute to their deterioration, such as an injury or surgery. Surgeries like the removal of the prostate (radical prostatectomy), as well as conditions like diabetes can affect the pelvic floor muscles.
What exactly do Kegel exercises entail?
Before you start doing Kegel exercises, it is important to know the proper technique and to understand the muscles involved:
1. Identify the correct muscles. According to the Continence Foundation of Australia, to identify your pelvic floor muscles, stop urination flow midway through or tighten the muscles that keep you from passing gas. These exercises use your pelvic floor muscles, which will help you to identify them. You can do the various exercises in any position, although it might be easier to try them lying down at first.
2. Practise your technique. Tighten your pelvic floor muscles, hold the contraction for three seconds, and then relax for three seconds. One technique that should only be tried after you have practised the exercises laying down requires standing naked in front of a mirror. Without the use of your hands, try to lift your testicles with the muscles of the pelvic floor. This might sound strange but the results will outweigh any inhibitions you might feel. As your pelvic floor muscles get stronger, you'll be able to do Kegel exercises while walking.
3. Always keep your focus. For best results, focus on tightening only your pelvic floor muscles. If you do this incorrectly, you could end up doing more harm than good. Be careful not to flex the muscles in your abdomen, thighs or buttocks. Avoid holding your breath and focus on breathing freely during the exercises.
4. Repeat three times daily. Set your goal for at least three sets of 10 repetitions a day.
What makes Kegel exercises so efficient is that they can be done almost anywhere without anyone else knowing. Unlike other exercises that require tricky positions, Kegels can be done while completing other tasks such as brushing your teeth and even sitting at your desk at work.
Go on and try it; you have nothing to lose.
Image credit: iStock
By Ariana De La Garza
Manhattan voters approved a quarter-cent sales tax that will bring in $27.5 million for improvements to parks and for recreation projects. The tax will last for 10 years bringing in $2.75 million annually and will begin on April 1, 2018. The new sales tax will replace the old quality of life sales tax that was put into place back in 2007, which will expire on March 31, 2018
The sales tax will fund the building of two new recreation centers at Eisenhower and Anthony middle schools, CiCo park improvements including new baseball fields, new tennis courts and new trails, along with various other trail improvements around Manhattan.
Eddie Eastes the Director of Parks and Recreation said in email, “ These funds will provide tremendous amenities for the community of Manhattan that will last for decades.”
Improvements to the trails include implementing a 911 emergency wayfinding system, improving drainage in low-lying areas, and adding more benches and signs along the trails. New trails will also be made in city parks to encourage residents to get outside and walk, run, or bike around Manhattan.
Allison Raines a sophomore in Pre-Vet said, “ I walk my dog and go for runs along the Linear Trail almost everyday, I love that there are so many different access points to the trail all over town.”
The improvements will also address the gaps connecting the trails and current bike paths around town.
Amanda Goebel a senior in Kinesiology said that fitness is a big part of their life and also said, “I love that Manhattan has all of these trails around town that I can run on when the weather is nice, if they add more trails with the money I think that is a great thing and shows that Manhattan promotes fitness and the well being of its residents.”
The city hopes that by making changes to the trails and connecting them all together it will help promote Manhattan's residents to get out and use the trails to get to work and other amenities. They are hoping to create one long consecutive biking and walking trail around the city by connecting the existing bike paths and trails around town to each other by adding on to them and filling in the current gaps between them. After the paths and trails are connected residents will be able to access the new recreation centers and other amenities around town all by using the trails and paths.
Megan Shamhart a local resident said that, “I am very happy that they are going to be making improvements to Cico Park, I live very close to the park and with the improvements they are planning to make I will be able to walk the paths with my dogs to get to the dog park instead of drive.”
Construction of the projects will stagger to avoid financing and to allow all available funds to be used. The design and planning of the recreation centers at both of the middle schools will begin in 2018. Building will start at Eisenhower Middle School in 2019 and last through 2020 when it is expected to open. Building at Anthony Middle School will begin in 2020 and last until 2021 when it is projected to open. Improvements to CiCo Park are expected to begin in 2024, and ongoing improvements to the other Manhattan trails will begin in 2018.
For more information regarding the updates and building plans you can go to the Manhattan Parks and Rec website
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to gunman in the mass shooting at a Las Vegas country music festival is being charged for illegally manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
Douglas Haig, who had been called a person of interest in the investigation, faces a charge of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition while not being licensed to do so. According to a criminal complaint filed Friday, unfired bullets found in shooter Stephen Paddock's hotel room had Haig's fingerprints.
READ THE COMPLAINT HERE
Haig said in a press conference Friday that Paddock didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes. Later Friday, they appeared in federal court in shackles with their lawyer, Marc Victor. The judge ordered them to surrender their passport, guns, ammunition and tools used to manufacture ammunition.
They appeared this afternoon before U.S. District Court Magistrate Judge Michelle H. Burns and was released on a bond with conditions pending a status conference regarding scheduling of a preliminary hearing on Feb. 15 in Phoenix.
If convicted, they face the statutory maximum penalty of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine, or both.
Haig met Paddock for the first time at a gun show in Las Vegas on Aug. 27 when Paddock purchased several packages of ammunition. Paddock then met Haig again at a Phoenix gun show on Sept. 9.
According to the criminal complaint, Paddock had tried to buy bulk ammunition at the show, but the transaction could not be completed because the show was closing for the day. Haig and Paddock exchanged numbers and agreed to coordinator Paddock's future purchase of ammunition. The complaint states that Haig spoke to Paddock on Sept. 19 and provided them directions to their Mesa, Arizona, residence, where the sale was later completed.
The ammunition was put in an Amazon box that was later found in Paddock's room at Mandalay Bay hotel-casino after the shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
While Haig does not have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition, they had a website where they sold specialized military ammunition, including armor piercing ammo, according to the criminal complaint. The website was later taken down.
In addition, armor-piercing ammunition was found during a search of Haig's Mesa residence.
Business records showed that Haig sold armor piercing ammunition throughout the U.S., including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming, and South Carolina.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The former coach of the French national football team Henri Michel, who led Les Bleus to the 1984 Olympic title, has died at the age of 70.
The French footballers' union, the UNFP, described Michel in a tweet as "a colossus of French football".
Born in the southern town of Aix-en-Provence, Michel played as a midfielder for Nantes and earned 58 international caps between 1967 and 1980.
They were a three-time winner of the French league title, taking over France's Olympic men's squad in 1982 and guiding them to the '84 gold medals in Los Angeles where they beat Brazil in the final.
They then took over the French side boasting the star midfielder Michel Platini.
That team had just won the European Championships under the management of Michel Hidalgo.
Following their time with France, Michel had a brief spell as coach of Paris Saint-Germain in the early 1990s, before managing a host of African teams.
They went to three further World Cups with Cameroon in 1994, Morocco in 1998 and then Côte d'Ivoire in 2006.
Their last job managing was for several months with the Kenyan national team in 2012.
SACRAMENTO — A week after the state Senate's housing committee killed a closely watched bill from Sen. Scott Wiener to spur more housing near transit, another bill from the senator that takes aim at California's housing shortage was headed to passage Tuesday.
Senate Bill 828 is a proposed fix for a little-known zoning law that is supposed to guide housing growth throughout the state based on each region's need — but that is criticized as ineffective, political and bureaucratic.
“It gets beat up a lot, including by me, because it has problems,” Wiener, D-San Francisco, told the Senate Transportation and Housing Committee on Tuesday. “But we are going to, I hope, make it better, and it's going to take a lot of smart people to help make that happen.”
The law itself is so little known that the bill to change it has drawn relatively little attention outside of the planning world. While throngs of people came to Sacramento last week to show their support or opposition to Wiener's now-defunct Senate Bill 827 to add apartments near transit, Tuesday's hearing had plenty of empty seats. But insiders say Wiener's proposal to fix it could have a very real effect on housing development as California reels from skyrocketing housing costs.
Every eight years, each city and county is told how many low-income and market-rate homes it must add to its general plan to meet the needs of the region. The fact that many cities are meeting those goals for market-rate housing — despite a severe housing shortage — shows that that the policy isn't working, said Greg Morrow, executive director of the Institute of Real Estate at Pepperdine University, who has been following the bill closely.
“What we're trying to create is an overall healthy housing market,” Morrow said. “The prices that landlords are able to exacting are only possible in a housing market that's not functioning properly.”
SB 828 would set more aggressive targets for local governments, though less than originally proposed. It also would roll over a city or county's deficits from one period to the next. Currently, if a city falls short, it's allowed to start fresh in the next cycle.
Related Articles Milpitas: Public input requested on affordable housing policies
Q&A: On the front lines of Google's San Jose village
Nearly 450 housing units planned near downtown Mountain View
Why did California's major housing bill fail so quickly?
Alternative plans for Vallco mall revealed Sen. Ben Allen, D-Santa Monica, pressed Wiener about the changes, questioning whether they go far enough to correct situations in which neighboring cities of similar sizes are allotted dramatically different goals by regional councils, rather than a statewide body. “I kind of worry that the model you structured,” they said, “it doesn't extract itself from the political phenomena that you're seeking to address.”
Why not take a statewide approach? Allen asked.
“We had that last week,” Wiener shot back, “and it was voted down.”
Three pilgrims were killed in a landslide even as another died due to cardiac arrest, taking the death toll during this year's Amarnath Yatra to 10, officials said today.
A rescue team recovered the body of Delhi resident Shailendra (30) from the landslide-hit area along the Baltal route of the pilgrimage today, a police official said.
They added that the bodies of two other pilgrims –Jyoti Sharma (35) from Delhi and Ashok Mahto (51) from Bihar – were recovered last night itself.
Five others – two pilgrims and three ponywallas – were injured in the landslide, which was triggered by heavy rainfall between Railpatri and Brarimarg on the Baltal route of the annual pilgrimage, the police official said.
The Jammu and Kashmir police had yesterday said in a tweet that five people had died in the landslide. However, the police clarified this morning that the death toll in the landslide stood at three.
The police official also informed that a 60-year-old pilgrim from Gujarat, Naniben Parma, died due to cardiac arrest at the Panjtarni base camp last evening, adding that the body was taken to the Baltal base camp for further legal proceedings.
With this, the death toll in this year's yatra has gone up to 10.
The pilgrimage began on June 28 and is scheduled to conclude on August 26, coinciding with Raksha Bandhan.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," they tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which they said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," they said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" they admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
They told the newspaper that they don't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In their opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke their permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." They added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," they said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
Contestants in Thursday morning's Weakley County Schools' Spelling Bee were (left to right): seated – Addison Galey, Martin Elementary; Summer DiPietro, Dresden Middle School; 1st place winner – Amy Kang, Martin Middle; 2nd place winner – Will Crews, Greenfield School; Aaron Lawson, Gleason School; Savannah Hagan, Martin Elementary; standing – Laney King, Gleason School; Garrett Morgan, Sharon School; Caitlyn Sheffield, Sharon School; Kiara Baker, Dresden Middle; Jared Goodlow, Greenfield School; and Joseph Roupe, Martin Middle.
Martin Middle School eighth-grader Amy Kang won first place at this year's Weakley County Schools' Spelling Bee, which was held Thursday, November 30, at the Board of Education Conference Room in Dresden. Will Crew, a seventh grade student at Greenfield School, claimed second place.
(See compete story in Dec. 6th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
When Daddy Turns Stuffed Toy!
In a picture that Shabir shared, their elder son is seen stuffing cake into daddy's mouth. The actor shared the adorable moment with fans and captioned it as, "Time to be a stuffed toy . #theadventuresofAI #sundayfun"-(sic)
Family Time In Kerala?
In another pic, Shabir is seen posing with their beloved wife and two sons on a boat while bamboo rafting. Though the actor hasn't mentioned the location, seems like it was taken on the backwaters of beautiful Kerala. They put up a cute caption saying, "Row row row your boat ..... #lifeisbutadream #bamboorafting #backwaters #weekendvibes #lovingit #theadventuresofAI @kanchikaul"- (sic)
Loving Father & Adorable Kids
This picture speaks a lot about Shabir's loving father qualities. The fans couldn't contain their happiness while witnessing such a cute moment. They captioned the image as, "#localtransport #backwaters #theadventuresofAI #love"- (sic)
Wife & They
Shabir Ahluwalia and Kanchi Kaul tied the knot in 2011 and have become one of the cutest couples of television realm. At multiple occasion the duo is seen expressing love for each other. Shabir and Kanchi do set marriage goals, don't they?
The Official Family Shoot
This picture of Shabir's family is worth a thousand words. The candid and beautiful picture received immense appreciation by fans when the actor shared it on their Instagram handle. They simply captioned the picture with four hearts. Each heart representing one family member? The actor seems to have fans all around the world as one of the comments said, "PLEASE @shabirahluwalia @itisriti come to Turkey 🙏 There are many fans in Turkey who want to meet u both PLEASE! COME HERE AND LOVE YOU!"- (sic)
The Minnesota Vikings had their eight-game win streak snapped on Sunday after a 31-24 loss at the Carolina Panthers.
The Vikings committed three turnovers, the defense gave up a few costly big plays and committed costly penalties and wide receivers who have been solid all year suddenly were dropping passes. It was an uncharacteristic performance by a Vikings squad that has been one of the best teams in the NFL with Case Keenum at quarterback and a dominant defense.
Despite all the adversity, the Vikings had a chance to win the game late. Their chances to win the NFC also arguably got better despite the loss. That's because Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz went down with a knee injury Sunday afternoon. He's out for the season with a torn ACL.
Here are four takeaways from Sunday's loss, and why it may not matter with the playoff picture and Wentz's knee injury.
Offensive Line Banged Up
The Vikings entered Sunday's game without two of their starting offensive linemen. Mike Remmers has been dealing with concussion issues and a back injury, and missed Sunday's game. The hope is they can return this week. Center Pat Elflein also was inactive due to a shoulder injury, the first game he's missed this year. Elflein's loss was far greater, they make the calls at the line and has been a key run blocker in their rookie year. They were also without tight end David Morgan, another key player in their run-blocking schemes.
That was bad enough, but then Riley Reiff went out with an ankle injury and didn't return. At one point late in the second half, the Vikings were without four of their regular starting offensive linemen and trying to make a comeback from an 11-point deficit. They were struggling to run the ball, and Keenum was under pressure with a patchwork offensive line, and they still had a chance to win the game. Every team has injuries, but the Vikings will need their offensive line to get healthy in a hurry.
Wide Receiver Drops
Wide receivers dropping catchable passes isn't something the Vikings offense has had to deal with a lot this season. It happened Sunday. Kyle Rudolph, despite catching a touchdown pass, dropped a perfect pass from Keenum that would've been a big gain and moved the ball into Panthers' territory. The drive stalled. Stefon Diggs bobbled a wide receiver screen play that was intercepted. Adam Thielen is one of the top receivers in the league, and dropped two passes that would've been touchdowns.
The game-changer was late in the first half. Thielen was open in the back of the end zone and Case Keenum delivered a perfect pass. They had the ball caught, two feet down, a knee down and an elbow down in the field of play. But the ball popped loose as they hit the ground out of bounds. The initial touchdown call was overturned after review, and the Vikings had to settle for a field goal and a 14-13 deficit at the half. They didn't complete the process of the catch, better known as the “Dez Bryant” rule. It changed the momentum of the game, when the Vikings could have had the LED despite a mostly poor first-half effort.
Defense Gives Up Big Plays
The Vikings defense hadn't given up many big plays this season and hadn't allowed a 100-yard rusher all season. That changed Sunday. Jonathan Stewart ran for 103 yards and three touchdowns for the Panthers. The first came on a blown assignment defensively on Carolina's second offensive play, which led to the 60-yard score. Their third score sealed the Panthers' win from 1 yard out after Cam Newton ripped off a long run.
The Vikings also had a busted coverage that left Devin Funchess wide open for a touchdown when it looked like they had Newton sacked. The 31 points Carolina scored is the most the Vikings have given up all season, so fans can bet they'll be angry when they take the field Sunday against Cincinnati with a chance to clinch the NFC North Division at U.S. Bank Stadium.
Vikings Had Chance To Win Despite Adversity
Despite everything that went wrong for the Vikings on Sunday, Keenum managed to lead a fourth-quarter comeback when they were down 11 points. They were poised to take a late lead after Andrew Sendejo's interception, but settled for a field goal to tie the game. It's hard for fans not to feel optimistic when as bad as some things went against one of the top teams in the NFL on the road for the third straight week, you still had a great chance to win.
The Vikings will be favored to beat the Bengals at home, which would clinch a division title. The Packers head to Carolina, with a loss essentially killing their playoff hopes, especially if the Vikings win. Monday's news out of Philadelphia also changed everything in the NFC. With Carson Wentz out for the season, the Vikings are primed to take over the No. 1 seed if they can win two of their final three games. You have to like their chances against the Bengals and Bears at home. Facing the Packers at Lambeau Field will be a toss-up regardless of whether Aaron Rodgers returns, but it may not matter by that point.
TCN commissions 3 transformers in Calabar substation, others – Daily Trust
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — A Pitt County couple was arrested Sunday after the Sheriff's Office said drug paraphernalia was found at their home near their four-year-old son.
Caroline Marie Cole, 31, and James Anthony Jones, 38, were arrested on charges of child neglect/abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Both have been released on bond.
Former 'Hills' star Lauren Conrad announces pregnancy
hello
FILE - In this Oct. 17, 2015, file photo, Lauren Conrad arrives at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic at Will Rogers State Historic Park in Pacific Palisades, Calif. Conrad announced that they were expecting a baby Jan. 1, 2017. The former MTV reality star posted a picture of their sonogram with the note, âI have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet.â (Photo by Rich Fury/Invision/AP, File) Associated Press
Lauren Conrad is celebrating the new year by announcing she's expecting a baby.
The 30-year-old former star of MTV's "Laguna Beach" and "The Hills" posted a picture of their sonogram on Instagram on Monday with the note, "I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet."
This will be the first child for Conrad and their 36-year-old musician husband, William Tell. The couple married in 2014.
Since leaving TV, Conrad has worked as a fashion designer and launched a homeware line.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
First responders are often thought of as firefighters or sheriff's deputies who are the first to arrive at the scene of an emergency.
But they're not the first point of contact.
“They talk to us before they get to the first responders,” said Rosemary Reid, an E-911 communications supervisor. “We are the unseen heroes. We are the first contact.”
About 52 communications officers work in the Macon-Bibb County E-911 center, a nondescript white building on First Street. All of them are certified peace officers who've had both local and state training.
Last year, more than 745,000 calls poured into the E-911 center, which was up 15 percent from 2014.
“I feel like people think all we do is take in calls and send them back out,” said Capt. Donnie Self, the E-911 director. “Communications officers endure you, as a citizen, calling in at your worst moment day in and day out.”
A survey of E-911 supervisors revealed that a lack of knowing what happens on calls bothers many of them. They wonder, “What was the outcome? Did they survive? Are they OK?”
Through the years, new technology has improved their ability to help people, and more change is on the way.
The E-911 center has the hardware, but it is in the process of getting the software that will allow residents to text 911 instead of call. And that's just the start.
Despite popular belief to the contrary, E-911 centers are unable to pinpoint a person's location based on their cellphones, Self said. But they are able to estimate a general location based on pings from cellphone towers.
“We're trying to get NG 911 ready, which is next generation of things that's coming down the pipeline,” Self said. “Texting to 911 is one of them. ... That, in turn, is going to turn into digital images and videos that can be sent in, like real-time types of incidents and accidents.”
Bibb County residents who sign up with their phone companies are expected to be able to text 911 in four to six months, Self said.
While it's important to look to the future and prepare for change, some things about the E-911 center will never change, like the way Contessa Jones feels about their co-workers.
Jones' 23-year-old son was shot after answering the back door of their home in October 2015.
Gunfire rang out at the house near Second and Ell streets. Vernard Mays, a 23-year-old clerk for the sheriff's office, made their way back to a bedroom, where they collapsed in front of their mother.
Instinctively, they called 911 and reached one of their co-workers.
“I had to stay calm enough for them to hear me,” Jones recalled.
They gave them address. Then them name.
“I knew that if I give them my name she'll know who I am,” Jones said. “I knew that they would work extra hard knowing that it was me.”
Mays died later in an emergency room.
Authorities have said a group of people involved in a car crash on Second Street had stashed drugs, weapons or both in a yard near the home. Mays was shot when the group returned.
A year and a half later, one man charged in the killing has pleaded guilty, and four others are pending trial.
Jones used to work for the Bibb County school system. Now, an E-911 assistant supervisor with five years on the job, they remember what it was like on the other end of the line.
“I saw my co-workers — my colleagues — in action and on behalf of me. That's why I feel like I owe them sometimes,” they said. “I want to help out in any way that I can because of how they were on it helping me.”
Follow @insidefutbol
Chelsea goalkeeper Willy Caballero has expressed their hope to see their team achieve both goals of winning the FA Cup and finishing in the top four on the Premier League.
The Pensioners booked a place in the semi-final of the FA Cup by virtue of a hard fought 2-1 win against Leicester City on Sunday.
In the semi-final Antonio Conte's team will take on Southampton, with the tie scheduled to take place at Wembley on 21st April to determine who plays in the final.
The 36-year-old former Manchester City goalkeeper, who was between the sticks for the clash against Leicester City, insists that for Chelsea the most important task now is to finish in the top four and in the process qualify for the Champions League.
However, with the chance to win the FA Cup also knocking at the door, the Pensioners should also look to give it their best shot to win the silverware, Caballero believes.
"Southampton will be a tough game for us, like Leicester were. We will head to Wembley to play them and have to fight as we did against Leicester and then hopefully we can reach the final", Caballero told their club's official website.
"I think we now have a good break but the most important thing for the team would be to finish in the top four and get into the Champions League.
"But of course we have the chance to win a trophy in the FA Cup and that is what we want to do.
"So we will go to Wembley for the semi-final and hopefully we can do both things – finishing in the top four and winning the FA Cup."
For those people who are looking for a cinematic escape this July 4th, a movie marathon is a perfect way to spend the day.
There are tons of films with African-American casts that will keep you laughing and not sweating from the outside heat. Let's face it: laughter is the best medicine especially with the Trump stress weighing down on communities across the nation. The funny film scenes will be a welcomed distraction from the craziness going on, right?
For an added bonus, BBQ Becky won't show up to stop the fun in any of the movies on this list. People can grab their movie snacks or some barbecue, sit back and enjoy the show. Here are some good choices for your movie and chill day:
ATL
This 2006 film starred T.I. and Lauren London, taking viewers into the world of roller skating in Atlanta. The high school-age characters also face several pivotal turning points in their lives.
The Cookout
This 2004 movie starred Quran Pender, Queen Latifah and Jenifer Lewis. As the name implies, a Black family comes together for a cookout that gets pretty interesting.
Boyz n The Hood
This 1991 film is one of the classics. The movie, set in inner-city Los Angeles, catapulted Nia Long, Morris Chestnut, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Ice Cube to fame.
The Inkwell
A young Larenz Tate and Jada Pinkett (before they married Will Smith) light up the screen in this 1994 film. Before Tate captured women's affections in Love Jones, they captured hearts in this coming-of-age film set in Martha's Vineyard during the Fourth Of July weekend of 1976.
Poetic Justice
The legendary Maya Angelou provided the poetic words that powered this 1993 film that starred the iconic Janet Jackson and Tupac Shakur. Jackson and Shakur's characters fall in love in the film, which featured a barbecue scene.
Do The Right Thing
This 1989 film was one of Spike Lee‘s memorable and rawest journeys into inner-city life. Set on the hottest day of the year in the Bedford Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, New York, the film is a searing look at what happens when heat meets hate as the characters struggle with racial frustrations that ultimately boil over into chaos. But in reaching the tipping point, Lee still shows the community's spirit.
Barbershop 2: Back In Business
This 2004 comedy starring Ice Cube and Queen Latifah will bring the laughs. The movie, focused on a Chicago barbershop's importance to its community, has a barbecue scene that shows off Latifah and Cedric the Entertainer‘s comedic chops.
Menace II Society
This 1993 film is another cult classic that stars Pinkett and Tate. At the heart of the film set in Watts, Calfornia, the main character, Caine, played by Tyrin Turner, is trying to find their way to a better life.
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins
This 2008 film isn't one of Martin Lawrence‘s best-known films, but it stars a lot of comedian talents including Mo' Nique, Cedric The Entertainer and Mike Epps. Lawrence's character returns home after achieving fame only to find out that their family could care less about their status.
How Stella Got Them Groove Back
This 1998 film had a braided-up Angela Bassett finding them to Jamaica to, well, get their groove back after a divorce and some major work stress. While there, they meet a young man played by Taye Diggs that piques their interest. Then, their lives both intertwine and change forever. Oh, there's a good barbecue scene in this film, too.
SEE ALSO:
Everything We Know About The Black Navy Veteran Killed By Portland State University Police
Priest Who Called Cops On Grieving Black Family At Funeral Wants To Repent
Welcome To The Cookout: 10 Lit And Dope Films To Watch On July 4th was originally published on newsone.com
Mukti's Spinster Party
After a rather confusing episode and mind blowing twist of Smaran getting lovey-dovey with Inaya, and Jeff inviting stripper for Mukti's spinster, Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan thrilled the fans to a new level altogether.
Nandini Gets To Know The Real Reason For Manik Denying Them Proposal
We all could see Nandini pulling their sleeves up to fix thing between them and Manik when they come to know about the real reason behind Manik's denial on the proposal.
Mukti's Unique Spinster Party
A bachelorette without gate crashers is never a bachelorette, boys of Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan gate crashing Mukti's spinster party is the best thing that one can find on the internet today. Generally, spinster parties are supposed to be crazy and exciting, but Mukti's spinster was a different story to tell.
Manik & Nandini Get Closer
We all know Manik and Nandini love each other and fans got a jist of their bond during the bachelorette. On the other hand, Zubin seems a little devious during bachelorette and they're giving a cold shoulder to the stripper seemed like they somehow knew the stripper.
Zubin's Blast from the Past
We know everything about Mukti as well as the others, but there is not much known about Zubin. This reminds of Jeff's advice to Mukti about giving the marriage a second thought, although we know that Jeff loves Mukti and has an emotional space for Mukti as Jeff is disinterested in guys.
What's Zubin Hiding?
What is it that Zubin is hiding, does Jeff know something about Zubin that Mukti doesn't or they just wants to break the marriage so that they could pursue Mukti.
Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan 3
The chemistry between the two Charlie and Barkha is a result of their off screen sisterly relationship with each other. Who knows what we might come across in the show in near future? Well, it's Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan always with a twist.
10 times Lady Gaga got it fashionably right Earth to Lady Gaga, we know you can do better. The singer actually looks pleasant when they aren't trying so hard. 2008 is long gone, and now their freaky fashion...
Lady Gaga slays music business in new video You can always expect a heavy dose of pretention in any Lady Gaga video. But with the brand-new clip for “G.U.Y.” they pretty much breaks the scale. The self-directed...
China lifts ban on Gaga's ARTPOP after editing cover art  They are known for being provocative, but Lady Gaga has been removed from China's government blacklist, with strict conditions on their album's cover art. Them the latest album, ARTPOP, has been...
What happened to Lady Gaga? It's already known as ARTFLOP. On Nov. 6, amid the kind of hype not seen since Michael Jackson floated a statue of themselves down the Thames River, Lady Gaga released...
Lady Gaga pulls in season-high 'SNL' ratings While Lady Gaga's new album “Artpop” may not be faring as well as expected on the charts, a season-high audience tuned in to catch the eccentric pop star host “Saturday...
Gaga should focus less on stunts, more on music Feeling tired? Irritable? Does the mere mention of words like “art” or “pop” give you a migraine? There's no need to call your doctor, because Dr. Phull (music critic and...
Lady Gaga's 'Artpop' pop-up Most artists just roll out a new album with a couple of interviews, an appearance on “Letterman” and a secret concert to which nobody can get tickets. Not Lady Gaga....
Gaga's 'Artpop' falls short of a masterpiece Albums of the Week LADY GAGA “Artpop” ★½ It's no surprise that Gaga's fourth album was being badmouthed before anyone even heard it: Someone is always waiting to pronounce that...
By Jason Keidel
When the season narrowed to a playoff pitch, a few topics seemed to dominate the NBA airwaves. We had the whole rest issue, which became rather restless chatter. Do players really need to take so many games off, and for nationally televised games? Who wins the MVP tug-o-war between the electric James Harden and triple-double machine Russell Westbrook?
And the topic du jour as we finally enter the NBA playoffs is the pseudo-tanking, it's not capsizing, of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Some have even breached the blasphemous, by asserting that the Cavs could actually fall short of the NBA Finals.
Adding to the mushrooming sense of doubt, the Cavs squeaked by the Indiana Pacers, 109-108, in the first game of their playoff series.
Theories abound. The players don't really like each other, a fake band of brothers. Kyrie Irving isn't playing with the same passion or production as they did during their scalding ascent to the NBA championship last year. Kevin Love never really fit, the ultimate outsider in the huddle. Tyronn Lue is more friend than formidable presence as coach, and last year's magic was more the result of a big bro hug than hardwood stratagem.
And, of course, we have LeBron, who is playing to the point of passing out, exhausted and enervated and emaciated by the biblical minutes he's played. Six straight years going to the NBA Finals. The millions of miles on airplanes, plowing through airports, the hotels. The preseason games. The Olympics. LeBron's entire calendar has been booked for the last dozen years. Their season starting at the Summer Olympics and ending the following summer in the Finals. Eventually, LeBron just won't be able to carry the load on their epic shoulders. Eventually.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But do you really want to bet against LeBron James, who has their mail forwarded to the NBA Finals? He's reached the last round in six straight seasons?
Not to be a Pollyanna, but there is some cause for concern. On January 1, Cleveland's record was a robust 25-7, for a .781 winning percentage. Since New Year's Day, the Cavs are 26-24, winning just 52 percent of their games. Or if you prefer to slice the season exactly in half, consider that on Jan 20 Cleveland was still a well-oiled 30-11, for a .732 winning percentage. Since then they went 21-20, for a .512 mark. Whatever was working in Cleveland since January of last year, stopped working by the end of January of this year.
It's a series of clashing stats. Do you believe their .500 record since January, or LeBron's incessant trips to the NBA Finals? Do you believe this year, when Cleveland has ranked a woeful 22nd in defense, or the fact that LeBron has won 18 straight first-round playoff games? From the All-Star Game until the end of March, the Cavaliers were 29th in defensive rating, allowing 112.6 points per 100 possessions. And in March alone they got even worse, allowing 113.7 points.
Then we have LeBron's rather incongruous history. King James has entered the postseason as the No. 2 seed five times in their career and reached the NBA Finals every time. So clearly they need not be the chalk to walk into June. And should LBJ make one more trip to the championship round, they would be the first to get there seven times in a row since… Bill Russell.
And if we're worried about the roster, consider that they're atypically healthy right now. And that King James has willed far worse teams into the championship round. Consider their maiden trip to the last round, the Shannon Brown (who?) juggernaut of 2007. LeBron was flanked by Daniel Gibson, Drew Gooden and Donyell Marshall. And they still won three playoff series, before getting spanked by the Spurs, back when Tim Duncan and was still in their prime, as were their merry band of ballers, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili.
It's always perilous to take a pre-playoff snooze, in any sport. In the NFL, there are countless accounts of teams that dash out to great seasons then take the last few weeks off. Peyton Manning and their Colts did that a few times, once even starting 13-0 then not even reaching the Super Bowl.
But in the NBA, one player has a far stronger grip on the team and its overall performance. Russell Westbrook is a walking highlight reel, and their Oscar Robertson redux has made for splendid viewing and a fine, singular aesthetic. But they don't have LeBron's chops or the King's uncanny unselfishness, which makes everyone on their team better.
If King James is to lose a few jewels or their entire crown, it won't be until June, when they likely faces the team they vanquished last year. The Warriors are coming out to play. And the rest of the world can just watch.
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami/CNN) – Confessed school shooter Nikolas Cruz made 3 cell phone videos in the days before they carried out a deadly rampage at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School last February. The videos are chilling in their lack of emotion, their indifference to the pain they planned to cause and the calculations and forethought they put into the shootings.
In one video, they introduce themselves as if they were talking about their future plans.
“My name is Nick and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018. My goal is at least 20 people with an AR 15 and a couple of tracer rounds,” Cruz said in a video dated February 11.
The videos show Cruz meticulously planned their actions. One of the videos is from February 8.
“I'm going to take an Uber in the afternoon before 2:40,” they said. “After that, I'm going to go onto the school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my AR and shoot people,” they said.
The videos are stunning for how cold and disaffected Cruz appears. They discuss violence without emotion and clearly is angry at the world, feeling empowered by an assault rifle.
“I hate everyone and everything,” they said in one of the videos. “But with the power of my AR, you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being people telling me I'm an idiot.”
Lori Alhadeff's daughter Alyssa was one of Cruz's victims. She's aware of the videos and is sickened by them and hates that Cruz is getting this attention.
“This is not a person. This is an animal,” they said. “I think we need to stop bringing attention to this animal. I think we need to focus on keeping our schools safe.”
They said the warning signs were there and no one took decisive action.
“There were years and years of actions from this animal that we could have prevented this and our society chose to do nothing,” Alhadeff said.
The Cruz the public sees and hears on these videos contrasts with the picture we see of Cruz in court where they appear meek and timid, with their head bowed and their gaze firmly fixed on the floor. On the videos, however, Cruz talks big of committing a mass killing and somehow reveling in it.
“Location is Stoneman Douglas in Parkland, Florida,” they said. “It's gonna be a big event. When you see me on the news, you'll know who I am.”
The parents of several other victims told CBS 4 News that they will not watch the videos. Fred Guttenberg told CBS 4 News they do not want to see Cruz looking happy or pleased with themselves in the videos.
“The idea that someone could be discussing this kind of act and be someone? I'm horrified,” Guttenberg said.
DALLAS, TX--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - COPsync, Inc. ( NASDAQ : COYN) today announced that it has entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors to purchase an aggregate of 1,958,000 shares of common stock in a registered direct offering. In a concurrent private placement, the Company has agreed to sell to the same investors warrants to purchase 1,958,000 shares of its common stock. The combined purchase price for one registered share of common stock and one warrant is $0.57. The warrants will have an exercise price of $0.46 and will be exercisable beginning on the six-month anniversary following the closing of the private placement and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the date on which they become exercisable.
The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the registered direct offering and concurrent private placement are estimated to be approximately $1.1 million before deducting the placement agent's fee and other estimated offering expenses. The registered direct offering and concurrent private placement are expected to close on or about February 21, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.
The Company intends to use the aggregate net proceeds from the registered direct offering and concurrent private placement for expansion of sales and marketing, working capital, continued product development and network enhancement, and other corporate purposes.
Maxim Group LLC is acting as the lead placement agent for the registered direct offering and the concurrent private placement.
The shares of common stock described above are being offered by COPsync pursuant to a "shelf" registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-212389) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which was declared effective on July 13, 2016. A prospectus supplement relating to the shares of common stock will be filed by the Company with the SEC.
When available, copies of the prospectus supplement, together with the accompanying base prospectus, can be obtained at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or from Maxim Group LLC, 405 Lexington Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10174 or via telephone at 212-895-3745.
The warrants and shares of the Company's common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants have not been registered with the SEC and are being offered in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
About COPsync, Inc.
COPsync, Inc. ( NASDAQ : COYN) is a technology company that connects law enforcement officers across the nation, so they can communicate and share mission-critical information in real-time. This saves officers' lives and keeps the public safer, helps law enforcement officers catch common criminals and stop child kidnappings, vehicle thefts, bank robberies and other crimes in progress, and arms the nation's law enforcement officers with needed information so they can help defend against terrorism. For more information, go to www.copsync.com.
Safe Harbor Statement
Statements in this press release that are not purely historical facts or that depend upon future events, including statements about forecasts of earnings, revenue, product development, sales, proposed financing transactions or other statements about anticipations, beliefs, expectations, intentions, plans or strategies for the future, may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. For example, statements containing words like "expect," "anticipate," "potential," "expects," "believe," "confident," "estimated," "future," "plan," "planning," "projected," "strategy," "pursuing," "objective" and other similar terms, express management's current views concerning future events, trends, contingencies or results, which may be considered forward-looking statements. Specifically, the statement "The Company intends to use the aggregate net proceeds from the registered direct offering and concurrent private placement for . . . ." Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company on the date this release was issued. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Any forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results described in the forward-looking statements, including risks or uncertainties related to the Company's ability to succeed in its sales strategy, raise sufficient capital, meet its debt obligations as they become due, maintain its NASDAQ listing or succeed in its business strategy, which may adversely affect the Company's business and the value of an investment in the Company's stock. The Company may not succeed in adequately addressing and managing these and other risks. Further information regarding factors that could affect the Company's financial, operating and other results can be found in the risk factors section of the Company's registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
An unidentified female stunt driver died Monday in a motorcycle accident while filming a scene for Marvel's Deadpool 2 movie, the Vancouver Police Department confirmed in an Aug. 14 statement.
It appears the stunt driver, whose name will be released after their family is notified, lost control of the motorcycle and slammed into a glass portion of Shaw Tower in Downtown Vancouver.
Local police and WorkSafeBC, which monitors occupational health and safety in British Columbia, are investigating the incident to determine what went wrong.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) says President Trump‘s stance on climate change demonstrates that they do not appear to fear the “wrath of God” or have any regard for the “existential consequences” of their environmental policies.
Not true, Trump's job is just to worry more about worldly consequences for the citizens of America. Trump wisely didn't back us into a corner where we have promised other countries a certain output of fossil fuels, so we basically have capped our economic potential.
The United States is the biggest economy in the world, and has the most responsibilities of any other country in the world, so to hamstring our country by promising that we will only produce so much, puts us in a bad position.
“I don't think President Trump has a fear of the Lord, the fear of the wrath of God, which leads one to more humility … this is such a reckless disregard for the truth and for the existential consequences that can be unleashed,” Brown said in an interview on CBS's “60 Minutes,” which aired on Sunday.
Brown, who studied to become a Jesuit priest prior to entering politics, has been a vocal critic of the Trump administration.
Their comments come in the wake of massive wildfires in Southern California that are raging out of control and destroying thousands of acres of property.
Brown is clearly trying to draw the conclusion that global warming is responsible for the wildfires of Southern California and that Trump isn't interested in dealing with the situation, but thats not the case. Trump has declared a state of emergency in Southern California.
The order allows the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate disaster relief efforts in the areas affected by the wildfires.
Northern California grappled with a series of wildfires earlier this year that took the lives of 44 people and resulted in billions of dollars of damage.
This story is about Published 4h
Dallas, we have a problem: Rockets, Astros leave Rangers, Mavs in the dust as balance of power shifts south Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/TNS The Houston Rockets' James Harden (13) gestures after hitting a 3-pointer in the second half against the Dallas Mavericks at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Wednesday, Jan. 24, 2018. The Rockets won, 104-97. (Louis DeLuca/Dallas Morning News/TNS)
By Kevin Sherrington , Staff Columnist Contact Kevin Sherrington on Twitter: @KSherringtonDMN
Remember back in 2014, when Mark Cuban clashed with the Rockets' Daryl Morey in what the New York Post called a "nerdy NBA rivalry," and we wondered which geek genius would win? Here's your answer: The Rockets have their own insurance commercial. Of course, the Rockets are pitching State Farm because they now have Chris Paul, a veteran State Farm ace. Funny stuff, too. Especially Trevor Ariza's singing. Still, it isn't as funny as Dirk Nowitzki singing "We Are the Champions." Good times, good times. Imagine the fun of a State Farm commercial with Chris Paul and Dirk Nowitzki! Yeah, buddy. Unfortunately, the Rockets have the guy with the insurance gig. And James Harden, too. Didn't have to tank, either. Not only do the Rockets just keep on laughing and winning, they're probably the only team that could keep the Warriors from going John Wooden on the rest of the NBA. Now, I'm no built-from-the-bottom-up billionaire, but it sure seems like the Rockets' plan beats the Mavs'. And even if, unlike the Rockets, the Astros tanked to get where they are now, no one in the Bayou City seems to mind anymore. Not since Houston took the state lead in World Series trophies, 1-0.
10 reasons why Dallas is way better than Houston: Big Tex, better eats and superior football
The good news for Dallas, I suppose, is that the Cowboys are still better than the Texans, FC Dallas is better than the Dynamo and we have a hockey team. Just the same, does it feel like the balance of power in Texas has suddenly shifted south, or is it only my blood pressure medication? For the record: Trust me, this isn't one of those my-city-is-better-than-your- city columns. For one thing, most are pretty sophomoric, at best, and Jim Murray wrote all the funny ones. Carving up Minnesota's Twin Cities, the Times legend typed, "They didn't like each other and from what I could see, I agree with them." On a more personal note, I simply can't take sides in an I-45 rivalry. As you may know by now, I've spent all but one of my 61 years on one end or the other. As for the missing year, I'd like to report it was Paris or Istanbul, but it was only Beaumont. In all fairness, I don't think I left much of an impression, either. Anyway, you'll find no shots at Houston in this column. I've still got family there, bless their hearts. Last year was hard. I'm not about to pile on. Besides, from the looks of the standings, it sure looks like Houston's ahead these days. The Astros didn't just win a World Series, they gave every indication it might get to be a habit. The lineup is lousy with young, exciting two-way players. If there was the slightest concern, it was the depth of the starting pitching. So Jeff Luhnow doubled down by acquiring Pittsburgh's ace, Gerrit Cole, to slot in as their No. 3. For comparisons, the Rangers won't say who their No. 3 might be, and not just because they're playing coy, either.
Better tank job: Mavericks or Rangers?
The days when the Rangers dominated the Astros look increasingly distant. For me, the lasting image of those times remains the sight of a triumphant Mike Napoli in Minute Maid's left field in 2015. Having dodged a hail of baseballs in the harrowing innings preceding, they stood firm at last, ball in glove, left arm extended, like Lady Liberty lifting their lamp. Nap showed some wear last year, which is why they won't be back. Nothing personal; just business. Ask the eight scouts that Luhnow fired last year in the throes of the greatest season in club history. He's a cold-blooded numbers guy. Like it or not, their numbers add up. Morey's also a serious numbers cruncher, which should probably tell you that the success of these two organizations is no coincidence. NBA types used to wonder about Morey and how they kept flipping assets like a dealer flips cards. Then, in 2012, they ended up with Harden. Pretty soon, that led to Dwight Howard and the bubbling up of a feud between Morey and Cuban. Funny thing is, Howard proved to be a fairly large bust. But they did not leave a hole when they left. On the contrary, here it is, two years later, and Morey has reshaped the roster and hired a coach, Mike D'Antoni, who gets the most out of it. Now, just to be clear, I wouldn't trade Rick Carlisle for anyone. Might be the final coach to win a title without a superstar in their prime. And he's one of a handful who could make the current collection competitive.
Rangers will play second fiddle to Houston Astros until these improvements can be made
The difference between the Rockets and Mavs, as Morey spelled out in 2014, was philosophy. Once the Mavs decided their title in '11 was essentially an outlier, Cuban broke up the team. They then proceeded on a mission to clear cap space in an effort to attract free agents to a team with a superstar in their dotage. You've seen how that's worked out. "He busted up a championship team," Morey said back in '14, "for what they hoped cap room would do." Meanwhile, the Rockets, blessed with a superstar ascending, have improved by accumulating assets and turning them into even greater assets. All without tanking. Genius, is what it is. In an attempt to end on a positive note, it's only seven months until football season, if that still sounds good to you. Also, the Stars are in the thick of it. If Ken Hitchcock could rekindle a little of that old '90s magic, they could own this town. The rest of the state, however, appears taken. Listen to Kevin Sherrington, Barry Horn and Evan Grant on Ballzy, the SportsDayDFW podcast. Twitter: @KSherringtonDMN
Their wife, Katie, joined Ward at the ceremony.
Ward is a Lebanon native. They graduated from Lebanon High School and attended Cumberland University before they joined the Army. They achieved first sergeant rank before they attended Officer Candidate School at Fort Benning, Georgia.
While as a non-commissioned officer, they were inducted into the prestigious Sergeant Audie Murphy Club, and their family was selected as Fort Jackson's Family of the Year.
Their wife was awarded the prestigious Dr. Mary E. Walker Award for their devotion to take care of families and soldiers. They graduated with their master's degree in counseling and psychology from Troy University.
They held numerous leadership positions, including aide-de-camp for two brigadier generals. They were selected to serve as company commander of 239th Infantry Battalion at Fort Jackson and Waco Recruiting Co., Dallas Recruiting Battalion in Texas.
After they served their company command time, they were stationed at Joint Base Lewis McChord, where they served as the deputy chemical biological radiological nuclear officer. While at JBLM, they deployed to Kabul, Afghanistan in support of Operations Enduring Freedom.
For their exceptional meritorious service to the nation for more than 30 years of service Ward was awarded the Legion of Merit.
They and their wife are currently traveling and enjoying quality time together.
FILE - At left, in a Feb. 5, 2017, file photo, Missouri forward Bri Porter 4) attempts an uncontested shot during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Mississippi State in Starkville, Miss. At right, in a March 19, 2017, file photo, Missouri forward Cierra Porter goes up for a shot during the first half of a second-round game of the NCAA women's college basketball tournament against Florida State in Tallahassee, Fla. With 11 pairs of sisters and a mother-daughter combo, the women's NCAA Tournament has definitely been a family affair.
Severe storms down trees, create floods in suburbs
hello
The severe thunderstorm watch originally scheduled to last until 8 p.m. was canceled early as the storms moved out of the suburbs, but not before they did damage in some parts of the area.
A severe thunderstorm warning was in effect during the late afternoon for DuPage, Will and parts of Kane and Cook counties. Heavy rain was seen in DuPage County and the Fox Valley, and North Shore suburbs were hard hit.
High winds tore off a portion of the parking garage roof at Northshore Evanston Hospital, according to a statement from Northshore University HealthSystem. No injuries were reported. The hospital also dealt with minor flooding, according to the statement.
Heavy flooding was reported in Crystal Lake, where at least one vehicle was submerged in a parking lot near Route 176 and Terra Cotta, ABC 7 Chicago reported. Drivers were urged to avoid the intersections of Route 176 near the Metra train viaduct and Keith Avenue near Virginia Street/Route 14. Those intersections were reopened by 7 p.m.
A large tree fell on a home in Long Lake at 3:13 p.m., causing about $25,000 of damage and displacing the family who lived there, according to Fox Lake Fire Batallion Chief Brent Connelly. No one was inside the home at the time, and no injuries were reported. The tree remained on the roof of the two-story home Wednesday evening, until ComEd was available to respond, Connelly said.
Trained weather spotters reported quarter-size hail in Buffalo Grove, ABC 7 said.
Hundreds of flights at Chicago's airports were canceled or delayed. More than 400 flights had been canceled as of about 8:15 p.m. at O'Hare International Airport, where the average delay is about an hour. Midway reported 20 cancellations and delays averaging 90 minutes.
At least 30,000 customers across the area were without power Wednesday evening, ComEd said.
The weather service overall issued a hazardous weather outlook warning of an elevated thunderstorm risk over the next few days. It says there's also a limited tornado risk, and elevated risk of hail up to the size of a half dollar, elevated risk of winds up to 65 mph, and elevated flooding risk.
The risk of storms continues the rest of the week and through the weekend, and Tuesday, the service says.
Fireworks go off behind Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) as the New York Giants are introduced before their game at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, Sunday, December 10, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) and wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) celebrate running back Rod Smith's (45) fourth quarter touchdown catch and run against the New York Giants at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, Sunday, December 10, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- What took place at MetLife Stadium was a chess match, as long as you operate under the premise that neither competitor did much that was visually exciting for fans or a TV audience.
Three of those plays came in the game's final eight minutes to keep their faint playoff hopes alive. All three came on third down.
"Those big plays, we needed them," said Prescott, who was 16 of 26 for 127 yards and no touchdowns on the remainder of their afternoon. "Obviously, they were great when they hit. They were fun to watch."
Four of quarterback Dak Prescott's completions went for 205 yards and two touchdowns. None traveled more than 20 yards in the air.
Big plays. An offense that's more efficient than explosive came up with four big plays to alter the outcome. Receivers who rarely hurt opponents with runs after the catch made the Giants pay for their aggressive, blitzing ways.
The Cowboys and New York Giants spent most of Sunday afternoon testing the boundaries of boredom. But the Cowboys pulled away from the woeful Giants late for a 30-10 victory by producing what has been missing from this offense for a large part of the season.
Another came near the end of the first half.
Down 10-3 with just under two minutes to play in the second quarter, Prescott picked up the blitz and threw a side adjust to Dez Bryant.
"Dez did the rest," Prescott said.
Bryant had dropped two passes to open the game, one of them deep down the sideline. But on this play Bryant cradled the pass, shrugged cornerback Brandon Dixon off their shoulders and scored a 50-yard touchdown to send the Cowboys into the locker room tied at 10.
That score was unchanged entering the final eight minutes. But on third-and-2 the Giants again blitzed. Running back Rod Smith -- more on them later -- did a good job of coming across and picking it up.
Prescott got the ball out quickly to Cole Beasley. Fifty-four yards later, they had the longest reception of their NFL career. Prescott hit Jason Witten for 20 yards and a touchdown on the next play.
"They did a few all-out blitzes and guys were able to get open early and make a guy miss and there wasn't anybody left," said Beasley, who expressed frustration with their season in the days leading up to Sunday. "That's what you have to do when you have these teams that send everybody.
"We have the guys who can do it, and we got the ball out. Dak did a great job of getting the ball out early and giving guys opportunities to make plays, and we made them today."
The Cowboys weren't done. Faced with a third-and-3 on their next possession, the Giants again blitzed. Smith was lined up outside and beat their man. The safety over the top stayed with Bryant.
Prescott threw the rare inside slant to Smith for an 81-yard touchdown.
"The big plays have eluded us, especially lately," offensive coordinator Scott Linehan said. "We have been putting a lot of emphasis on it. We started to see signs of it last week, especially in the second half.
"We felt the trend was going in the right direction."
The Cowboys offense is built to be methodical and punishing. But when defenses move an extra defender or two into the box to stop the run, when they begin to wear down as the game wears on, Prescott and their receivers must connect on big plays over the top.
That hasn't happened nearly enough.
Head coach Jason Garrett likes to say this game isn't ultimate Frisbee. Receivers can pick up yards after the catch.
That happened Sunday more than it has in any other game this season.
"Each of those guys, the run after catch was huge," Garrett said. "They made a guy miss and then they just got going.
"Those are huge plays in the game. You have to be ready for that. You have to be able to cash in on those opportunities when a team tries to heat you up and pounce on them.
"We were able to do that today."
The dam broke in the fourth quarter Sunday. It remains to be seen whether it's a trend or an aberration.
"You've got to stick with it," Linehan said. "Big plays come when playmakers make big plays."
Catch David Moore and Robert Wilonsky as they co-host Intentional Grounding on The Ticket (KTCK-AM 1310 and 96.7 FM) every Wednesday from 7-8 p.m. through the Super Bowl.
Twitter: @DavidMooreDMN
BUSINESS
Denmark's licensed online gambling operators could be required to significantly restrict the size of their bonus offers if local parliamentarians have their way.
Last week, Danish Social Democrat MP Jesper Petersen told local television outlet DR that online gambling sign-up bonus offers were getting out of control, particularly via television promos. Petersen claimed some operators were offering bonuses as high as DKK10k (US$1,640), while Petersen wants to see bonuses capped at DKK1k.
Jesper's Social Democrats have found support for cuts in bonus offers among the Danish People's Party (DPP), although the DPP has yet to specify how steep a cut it wishes to see imposed.
The Red-Green Alliance also supports the Social Democrats' call for a DKK1k bonus cap, while also pushing for greater transparency of operators' requirements for punters to turn over the bonus funds multiple times before being able to withdraw any winnings generated via the use of those bonus funds.
The Socialist People's Party is taking a more extreme tack, calling the bonus reduction plan “unambitious” and pushing for a complete ban on all online bonus offers.
The SD's Petersen warned that a total bonus ban might encourage Danish-licensed international sites to resume their Danish licenses and return to their unauthorized Danish-facing operations, “and then we will get more game ads with bigger bonuses, without anything we can do about it.”
The impetus behind the push to restrict bonus offers is the theory that problem gamblers are particularly susceptible to these types of promotions. According to the National Research and Analysis Center for Welfare (VIVE), there are roughly 125k Danish adults who have gambling problems, while 10k adults are considered gambling addicts, a 60% rise from 2005.
The 2017 annual report from Denmark's Spillemyndigheden regulatory body showed locally licensed online gambling operators accounting for over half of total market revenue last year. The number of Danes who signed up for the regulator's problem gambling self-exclusion program shot up 46% last year, although the regulator cautioned that much of this rise was related to wider marketing of the program's existence.
Comments
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
In a new study, researchers found that women reported less perceived stress, a measure of confidence, control, and ability to cope with life's stressors, over a 15-year period during midlife.
The study also found that menopausal status wasn't a factor, which challenges the notion that menopause is associated with higher stress and depression.
“Our perception of stress decreased even through the menopausal transition, which suggests that menopause isn't a great bugaboo…”
The results come from data collected from more than 3,000 women who were recruited between the ages of 42-53 for the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation.
The researchers' goal was to assess the effects of age, menopausal status, and sociodemographics on stress over time. Elizabeth Hedgeman, a doctoral graduate of the University of Michigan School of Public Health, did the work while in the lab of Sioban Harlow, professor of epidemiology.
By the end of the study period, the mean age was 62 and stress declined with age across nearly all sociodemographic categories. Compared to similar black, white, and Chinese women, stress decreased in a more attenuated fashion for Japanese women. After adjusting for other sociodemographic variables, race and ethnicity was a significant predictor of increased stress only for Japanese women.
Women with less education and increased financial hardship consistently reported higher levels of stress compared to their peers, but this difference diminished over time.
“The results suggested that even women with less education or more financial hardship reported less perceived stress over the midlife,” Hedgeman says. “And then there's menopause.
“Our perception of stress decreased even through the menopausal transition, which suggests that menopause isn't a great bugaboo, perhaps in relation to the other events or experiences that we're having in the midlife.”
Education, employment, and financial hardship were stronger predictors of perceived stress over midlife than the menopause transition, and this may suggest that women experience the menopausal transition as a series of acute stressors (hot flashes, sleep disturbances) that can be muted by chronic, socioeconomic-based life stressors.
The only groups that reported increased perceived stress over the study were Hispanic and white women from New Jersey, but Hedgeman says these are outlier results that needed to be replicated. Additionally, there were extenuating circumstances at the New Jersey site that may have contributed.
Despite reporting decreased levels of stress throughout life, women who reported higher stress at the start of midlife continued to report higher stress levels than their peers as they aged. This is important because stress is a known health risk.
The study did not specifically examine the reasons for this decrease in perceived stress, but Hedgeman says that there could be both circumstantial and neurological causes—children have moved out, professional goals are being met, or women might have hit a sweet spot before the next life challenges arise, such as chronic health conditions or aging parents.
Existing research also suggests that aging helps us regulate our emotions.
“Perhaps things just don't bother us as much as we age, whether due to emotional experience or neurochemical changes. It's all worth exploring,” Hedgeman says.
Overall, the findings are good news for women transitioning through midlife, they say.
“The neat thing is that for most of us, our perception of stress decreases as we age through the midlife–perhaps life itself is becoming less stressful, or maybe we're finally feeling at the top of our game, or maybe things just don't bother us the way they did,” Hedgeman says. “But whatever the root reason, we're reporting less perceived stress as we age through the midlife and menopause.”
The primary limitation of the study was the inability to understand perceived stress among women reporting the highest levels over time. Also, a disruption of operations at the New Jersey site, limited the number of visits to five, not 13 as with the other sites. Also, New Jersey was the only site that recruited Hispanic women.
Additional coauthors are from the University of Michigan.
Source: University of Michigan
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Donald Trump's love of manufacturing is misguided
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Dallas Mavericks forward Harrison Barnes (40) drives to the basket during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Boston Celtics in Boston, Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. The Celtics defeated the Mavericks 97-90. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
Question: Why is Mathews either offense or defense in any game? Why can't they perform at both ends? He's certainly paid enough to.
Sefko: He's pumped up their rebounding, which was the glaring hole in their game coming into this season. If you want to nitpick, they still don't have a great passing game. Making the game easier for their teammates would be the next step in their development. What I would give Barnes big credit for is adding to their game this year with the board work. Remember when Dirk Nowitzki was younger? They always seemed to add a new wrinkle to their game every summer. Barnes appears to be learning very well from the franchise icon in that respect.
Sefko: Their defense is pretty consistent. You're not going to stop the best NBA players on every possession. Shooting comes and goes and if you look at their numbers this season, he's roughly back to where they were in Portland before the Achilles injury. Not sure why people are expecting way more than that. He's not going to be a 20-point scorer. That's not their role. But defending 20-point scorers? You bet. And hitting a 3 when the defense ignores him? Certainly. This is who they are. And their paycheck isn't something they (or any athlete) should apologize for.
Question: Early impression of Motley?
Sefko: We haven't seen them in an NBA game yet, so who knows? But they were tearing up the G-League and they had some splashy moments in the summer league. My guess is he'll get some court time at some point this week.
Question: Is what we saw from Antonius Cleveland enough to justify some more court time?
Sefko: The main reason he's on the floor right now is because with DSJ out, the Mavericks have to be careful not to run up the minutes of Harris and Barea. Those guys are very valuable and effective in 20 to 24 minutes. But any more than that and the injury risk multiplies greatly. Cleveland can take some shooting-guard minutes and ease the workload on Harris for sure. And the guy has a nice game. He's very active and excels on the defensive end. But like Carlisle said after the loss in Minny, they were a big minus-11 and that's a little bothersome.
Click here to view the full chat transcript.
Philadelphia (AP) -- Pennsylvania's highest court on Tuesday ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions, following a five-month campaign by their supporters to get them out.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail, though it wasn't immediately clear how soon they would get out.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for probation violations.
Dozens of people gathered outside the prison near Philadelphia in hopes of seeing them walk free.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed, leveling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited them in jail outside Philadelphia, including actor Kevin Hart just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been "a nightmare," and thanked their many supporters and visitors, who included Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
"Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Mill said.
They said they would now focus their attention on getting their convictions overturned, and that they look forward to resuming their music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with their lawyers that they should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesperson for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
"Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail," Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley, who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations, strongly defended themselves against accusations by the defense they were waging a vendetta against the rapper. They said the court "has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008."
The Supreme Court denied a defense request to move the case to another judge, but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (CBSMiami) — The Las Vegas massacre is not being called terrorism and some say it is time to change the law.
This week we have seen a nation can be terrified without the cause necessarily labeled terrorism.
“So I think it's time for a variety of reasons to have a domestic terror criminal statute,” said former federal prosecutor Mary McCord.
Currently there is a criminal statute for international terrorism but not domestic.
McCord thinks in an era of mass casualties it is time that changed.
“Violent extremism isn't limited to Islamist extremism or extremism that's done on behalf of at the direction of a foreign terror organization,” said McCord.
With no specific penalties on the books for domestic terrorism, mass killers like Timothy McVeigh face charges of using a weapon of mass destruction or Dylann Roof who faced murder and weapons charges.
The label domestic terrorism makes the motive clear, says McCord, now at Georgetown Law.
“It shows the significance of this type of crime and why it's important for it to be looked at and treated for what it is, which is terror. It's an intent. It's a crime done for the very purpose of terrorizing people,” said McCord.
A federal domestic terror law would also mean FBI-led investigations and the creation of deeper, wider databases to keep track of mass-violence.
But there's a potential problem: labelling domestic hate groups as terrorists – like Al Qaeda or ISIS raises constitutional questions.
“Certainly that starts to get very close to the line of potentially infringing on free speech, on first amendment rights, freedom to associate and express one's views however abhorrent they may be to others in the population,” said McCord.
During the Obama administration, the Justice Department considered creating a domestic terrorism statute.
The Trump administration has not said if it's continuing the work.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Scott Franz
Young professionals in Steamboat Springs have a new voice on the City Council.
After three and a half hours of interviews Tuesday evening, the council needed only one round of voting to appoint Lisel Petis to the open council seat.
Petis, a financial manager and general counsel at Gerber Berend Design Build, is also a member of the Young Professionals Network.
“Very excited, very honored,” Petis said late Tuesday after they were appointed. “There was some very good …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
Rolling Meadows man gets 20 years for sexually abusing teen with special needs
hello
A Rolling Meadows man convicted in June of sexually abusing a teenage girl with special needs was sentenced Monday to a total of 20 years in prison and lifetime registration as a sex offender.
Describing Pablo Herrera as a "cold, calculating sexual predator," Cook County Judge Marc Martin found the 37-year-old inflicted serious and lasting harm on the victim, who prosecutors say functions at a third- or fourth-grade level.
Herrera sexually assaulted the girl between October 2013 and October 2014, when the girl -- then about 15 years old -- and their mother rented a room in Herrera's home. The teen testified Herrera sexually assaulted them twice and attempted to assault them a third time on nights when their mother was at work. The girl, now 18, testified Herrera threatened to throw them out if they reported the abuse.
Explaining that the teen has problems estimating time, Cook County assistant state's attorney Jaclyn Lantz put the number of assaults at between eight and 10.
"He took advantage of their innocence and childlike demeanor," without expressing any remorse, they said.
Lantz asked the sentences be served consecutively to protect the public and serve as a deterrent for other people in positions of trust contemplating similar crimes.
Martin sentenced Herrera to seven years on each of two counts, the maximum. On the third count, Martin sentenced them to six years. Martin ordered the sentences be served consecutively.
Herrera, who received credit for 497 days in custody, must complete at least 50 percent of their sentence before they are eligible for parole.
Cook County Assistant Public Defender Rachel Baker requested probation and described their client as a "loving and responsible family member" who has no criminal background and no record of violence.
"There is no indication the public would be at risk from Mr. Herrera," Baker said.
Martin disagreed.
"He has no criminal record to consider, but you can't conclude he's led a law-abiding life," Martin said, referencing Herrera's status as an immigrant living in the U.S. illegally. "Every day they lived here, they did so illegally. That is not law-abiding conduct."
Speaking on their own behalf, Herrera proclaimed their innocence and insisted they treated the girl like family.
"I'm accused of many things that are unjust," they said.
Martin was not swayed.
"The public needs protection from Mr. Herrera," Martin said. "He preyed upon a person who, through no fault of their own, was unable to protect herself."
Surveillance video footage shown in court Wednesday shows the man charged in the fatal shooting of Kate Steinle at San Francisco's Pier 14 throw something in the water and then leave the scene immediately after they are struck, according to prosecutors. (Published Thursday, Oct. 26, 2017)
A member of the jury in the Kate Steinle murder trial said the prosecution failed to prove that Jose Ines Garcia Zarate intentionally killed the 32-year-old woman and believes the evidence showed that shooting was a "freak accident."
In an exclusive interview with NBC Bay Area, the juror, who did not wish to be identified, talked about the panel's decision to acquit the undocumented Mexican national.
They said the backlash from critics — including President Donald Trump — who have pointed to the case as evidence of the need for tougher immigration policies, propelled them to speak out.
"If I was not a juror on this trial, I would probably think the same way: 'Why did you let them go free?'" said the juror. "But again, the reason is, they could not prove to us that they intentionally killed them And through all the evidence, I really think that it was a freak accident."
The owners of a Ringgold business are seeking more than 900 signatures for a petition to seek an election for the legal sale of all alcoholic beverages including mixed drinks in justice of the peace precinct one.
Montague County Commissioners were informed of the petition during Friday's called meeting.
County Judge Rick Lewis said James and Ellen Fee, who own Fee's Knick Knack Cafe, submitted the necessary signatures for the application to request the petition. At least 10 verified signatures are required to request a formal petition.
Elections Administrator Ginger Wall said the names were confirmed and the petition was picked up on May 24.
Read the full story in the mid-week News.
Sushant Singh Rajput has opted out of "Chanda MamaDoor Ke" due to date conflicts but plans to develop their own space movie, according to a release. The 32-year-old actor, who was recently in news for buying land on the Moon, plans to make what they claim would be India's first space film, to be developed via Innsaei Ventures Pvt Ltd, a company a co-founded by Rajput and entrepreneur Varun Mathur.
"Sushant's passion for the Moon and space is second to none in this sphere. They have unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help them understand this phenomenon further. However, since there was a lot of up and down in this film, Sushant will not be able to give their dates to this project (Chanda Mama...) since they have their hands full with many projects.
"Having said that, it does not mean we won't be making a space film. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon. I extend my very best wishes to Mr Sanjay Puran Singh (the director of Chanda Mama...) and Mr Viki Rajani for this film. I hope it brings them great success," Mathur said in a statement.
The actor is currently working on Abhishek Chaubey's dacoit drama Son Chiriya, in which they will be seen sharing screen space with Bhumi Pednekar. They have also wrapped up the shoot of Kedarnath, which marks the debut of Saif Ali Khan's daughter, Sara Ali Khan. Apart from Son Chiriya & Kedarnath, they will also be seen in upcoming films, Drive and the remake of 'Fault In Our Stars'.
The Japanese-market Toyota Century is an interesting vehicle in its own right. There have been only two-generations of Toyota's flagship since it was first introduced back in 1967 and it has carried the Japan's elite and infamous. 2017 marks the 50th anniversary of the sedan and Toyota felt it was time to introduce the next-generation Century.
The basic Century shape hasn't changed much throughout its 50-year life. It retains the slab-side shape of its predecessor along with a new grille design, LED headlights, and a slightly raised roof.
But under the skin lies some big changes. Toyota is swapping the V12 engine that has been part of the Century since 1997 for a new 5.0L V8 paired with Toyota's Hybrid System II system. There aren't many details as to power figures, but some believe this powertrain is similar to the one found in the last-generation Lexus LS 600h L. That powertrain produced a total output of 438 horsepower - 162 more than the V12. The new model is expected to be quieter as well thanks to new tires, engine mounts, and an active noise canceling system.
For a vehicle that's more about being driven than driving it, the Century does very well in this regard. Seats come upholstered in wool, with leather being an option. The rear seats adjust and provide an adjustable leg rest. A giant LCD panel provides controls for the seats, climate control, and 20-speaker audio system.
Drivers of the Century benefit from a number of active safety features such as automatic emergency braking, adaptive cruise control, automatic high-beams, and lane-departure warning.
Toyota is classifying this model as a prototype when it debuts at the Tokyo Motor Show later this month, but we wouldn't be surprised if the production model looks exactly the same.
Source: Toyota
Press Release is on Page 2
While all the traditional Easter eggs on sale this year sound great, and there's even a promising-looking vegan selection, we've yet to be well and truly wowed by an Easter treat.
Sure, gin and tonic Easter eggs sound delicious, but do they sound as ridiculously over-the-top indulgent as Creme-Egg-and-Ferrero-Rocher-cheesecake-stuffed Easter eggs? We feel a sugar rush coming on just reading that sentence.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Cottage Coffee Shop & Lunch Bar in Rhondda, Wales, shut the internet down this week when they shared a snap of their new Easter recipe.
You can see why for yourself:
The post built up loads of likes, shares and comments, with some Facebook users travelling miles to get in on the cheesecake/Easter egg action.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In fact, demand was so high that the shop had sold out of the eggs within half an hour of opening, having had queues of people waiting outside of the shop to pick one up.
It's no surprise considering they are just £3.50 for half a shell, or £6 for a whole egg.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Staff at the shop have gone out of their way to create as many of the Easter eggs as possible so as not to disappoint visitors, but the shop is urging customers to check their Facebook page before travelling just in case they've sold out.
If you love the look of those, check out this recipe for delicious Creme Egg brownies:
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Tech's latest innovations struggle to live up to the hype
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A punchy posthumous verse from A Tribe Called Quest‘s Phife Dawg laces “Wanna Dance,” a silky new track with Detroit singer, Dwele.
The track was produced by Mike City and finds Phife setting their sights on a woman and spitting an array of playful pick-up lines over a steady groove and
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Hear Unearthed Phife Dawg Verse on New Dwele Song ‘Wanna Dance'
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
In the early 1990s, five counties, Wilson included, were identified as non-attainment areas, meaning we did not meet the ground-level ozone standards of the Environmental Protection Agency. This meant Wilson County would have to begin emissions testing on certain vehicles. In April 1993, Wilson County passed a resolution that requested the state Department of Environment and Conservation develop and implement a vehicle inspection and maintenance program to satisfy the federal requirements of the Clean Air Act. Tennessee complied and began contracting with a private company, Envirotest, to preform emissions testing.
Through the years, there has been a revolving door of changes to legislation that involves the way vehicles are tested and determined which vehicles require testing. In 2014, legislation was passed through the state that allowed vehicles three years old or newer to be exempt from testing all together. Following the state's lead, the Wilson County Commission passed its own resolution to that same effect. This legislation-resolution was sent to the federal government where it is currently under review.
With the advancement of technology, there is once again new legislation afoot that could eliminate testing for everyone. The state passed a resolution that would eliminate emissions testing in all Tennessee counties. However, that's a decision that must be made by the federal government, as well. Therefore, Tennessee has submitted its intent to the federal government, which has 18 months to respond.
Wilson County does not have to pass a resolution to opt out of emissions testing. That happened when the state passed its own resolution. If the federal government responds favorably, then the state will be responsible for terminating the contracts held with the companies that administer the testing. The state holds these contracts, not the counties themselves. Until that happens, Wilson and other counties currently testing will continue to do so until they hear back from the state and federal government.
So, to recap, Wilson County must continue to perform emissions testing until the federal government responds favorably to the state's request and the contract between the state and the testing company is null and void. Unfortunately, Wilson County has no control over this. Those contracts are strictly between the state and the testing company. The legislation of 2014 to exempt vehicles three years old and newer is still under the federal government's review.
I hope this helps to answer any questions, but if not, please feel free to contact me, and I ‘ll be happy to discuss it with you further.
Randall Hutto is mayor of Wilson County.
The Federal Ministry of Budget and National Planning says there is no recommendation to raise N5 trillion from assets sale in the Economy Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP). The clarification was made in a statement by the Media Adviser to the Minister of Budget and National Planning, James Akpandem, on Tuesday in Abuja. Akpandem said that […]
MIAMI (AP) — Derek Jeter says when their ownership group took over the Miami Marlins in October, they thought Giancarlo Stanton would be with the team in 2018.
The Marlins traded Stanton because the National League MVP didn't want to be part of the franchise's rebuilding, Jeter said Monday.
Jeter said the deal with their former team, the New York Yankees, was the best one available to the Marlins, giving them much-needed financial flexibility and upgrading a weak farm system.
The Marlins' new CEO made their comments shortly before Stanton held a news conference at baseball's winter meetings in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, to discuss a trade being celebrated in New York but panned by beleaguered Marlins fans.
Jeter wants to reduce their revenue-starved franchise's payroll by at least 20 percent to $90 million or less, and Stanton will make $25 million next year. But trading them wasn't a given, Jeter said.
“I told him, `When we acquired this team, our thoughts were that you were going to be with us,”‘ Jeter said. “I relayed to them we wanted them to be a part of the organization, but it's their choice. They said they wanted to move on. There were three great options for him, and they chose which one they wanted to go to.”
Stanton had a no-trade clause in their record contract, for which he's owed $295 million over the next 10 seasons. Last week they turned down prospective trades to St. Louis and San Francisco before accepting the Yankees' deal.
Jeter has drawn criticism for the trade and other moves early in their tenure as an owner but said they would have done nothing different regarding Stanton. The Marlins acquired two prospects and second baseman Starlin Castro.
“Contrary to popular belief, we were not stuck with this deal,” Jeter said. “This was the best deal out of the three for our organization. … We think we got some good prospects in return.”
Further payroll paring is likely at the winter meetings, which Jeter is not attending. Castro and outfielders Marcell Ozuna and Christian Yelich are believed to be on the trading block.
But the departure of Stanton increases the Marlins' options.
“It's tough to have one player be such a huge part of your payroll,” Jeter said.
The payroll purge is the latest in a series for the Marlins, who haven't been to the playoffs since 2003 and have finished last in the NL in attendance 12 of the past 13 years.
With Stanton gone, neither the team's record nor support by antagonized fans is likely to improve soon.
“Look, I get it. They're upset. They're passionate,” Jeter said. “That's what makes them fans. But the bottom line is the fans want to see a winning product on the field. They haven't seen a winning product on the field.
“To do this, we're going to have to make some moves and build this organization. I would tell the fans: Be patient. What had been in place has not been working, and we need to fix that.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Portland, Ore. — The Portland Police Bureau Street Crimes Unit arrested 28-year-old Edson Duran-Hernandez on December 30th during a drug investigation near NE 69th and Sandy Boulevard.
Detectives say during the search of they vehicle, officers located and seized about 12 ounces of heroin. Additionally, officers seized a cell phone, a knife, and $2530 in cash as evidence that Duran-Hernandez was involved in trafficking narcotics.
Duran-Hernandez was booked into the Multnomah county Jail on charges of Delivery of Heroin, Possession of Heroin, and Manufacture of Heroin.
Kevin Willard sounded about as excited about their trip to Philadelphia on Super Bowl Sunday as they would be for a visit to the dentist.
Facing top-ranked Villanova isn't very much fun, especially at Wells Fargo Center, where the Wildcats are 8-0 this year and have won their four Big East contests by an average of 18.5 points.
“I think if you ask every coach in the league, they'll give you the same [response],” the Seton Hall coach said in a phone interview.
Few teams have had success against Villanova since the reconfiguration of the Big East five years ago, but the senior-laden Pirates are one of the ones that have.
Seton Hall has knocked off Jay Wright's program three times in that span — only Butler has beaten them that often — and this group of seniors has defeated them twice. In last year's Big East Tournament, the Wildcats edged the Pirates by two in a classic semifinal. Then again, Seton Hall hasn't knocked off Villanova on the road since 1994, losing 15 straight contests, and was bludgeoned by 30 points last season.
“We know what it takes to be able to play with Villanova, be able to beat Villanova. We've been in those situations,” Willard said of the four-time defending league champion in the regular season. “We know if you don't play well and battle it out, you're going to get blown out. You better be in the right frame of mind and you better have the right mindset when you play Villanova.”
Seton Hall (17-5, 6-3), in third place in the Big East, is entering this showdown feeling good about itself, coming off dominant wins over DePaul and Providence.
Those victories came following an eight-day layoff that was proceeded by three losses in four games. The time off enabled Willard to get some things in order. Ball movement, defense and early energy has noticeably improved in the last two wins. Star forward Angel Delgado is getting more shots, 26 in the two victories, which is creating more openings on the perimeter.
“My biggest message [to the seniors] is taken some of the pressure off they're putting on themselves,” Willard said. “They have real life coming at them in a month and a half. They all have dreams and aspirations. Sometimes it's hard not to forget what got them here. I think this group has done a good job of remembering what makes them good.”
Villanova (21-1, 8-1), however, has been better than good so far, losing only at surprising Butler, mostly because the Bulldogs hit 15 of 22 3-point attempts. Junior point guard Jalen Brunson, averaging 19.4 points, 4.9 assists and shooting 48 percent from 3-point range, is a National Player of the Year candidate. Another junior, wing Mikal Bridges, is one of the most improved players in the country. And first-year student big man Omari Spellman gives the Wildcats the post presence it previously had lacked.
“This is obviously a big challenge,” Willard said, “but it's also a big opportunity.”
By RadioKAOS - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=15336301
FAIRBANKS, Alaska (AP) – A man in state custody on kidnapping and assault charges has died.
The Department of Corrections says 40-year-old Arlo Olson was taken to Fairbanks Memorial Hospital on Saturday after an apparent suicide attempt.
A corrections officer found Olson unresponsive in their cell and officers and medical staff attempted life-saving measures.
The Corrections Department says Olson died Tuesday night at the hospital.
Olson had been in custody since June 7.
They had been arrested on two warrants on charges of kidnapping, felony assault, burglary and misdemeanor charges of assault and criminal mischief.
Olson's death is the third this year in the Corrections Department.
Members of the Philadelphia Eagles go through practice ahead of Super Bowl LII on Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Eagles meet the New England Patriots on Sunday. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
SportsDay's panel of experts offers predictions for Super Bowl LII between the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots. Scroll to the bottom to see our experts' picks against the point spread.
Tim Cowlishaw
History and the quarterback matchup are not on the Eagles' side, and it's not even close. But is that what this game is all about? Which team played better in its championship game? Now that wasn't even close. And the Eagles' running game will create problems for the New England defense, while Nick Foles doesn't need to worry about being Tom Brady. They just has to do their job like they have done twice in the playoffs. Eagles 30, Patriots 22.
Brandon George
The Eagles have had a great run without their starting quarterback, but that ends here. In case you haven't learned by now, never bet against coach Bill Belichick and quarterback Tom Brady in the Super Bowl. Belichick has had two weeks to dissect the Eagles' weaknesses. It should be a long day for backup Philly QB Nick Foles. Patriots 31, Eagles 23.
The Avengers assembled at the red carpet premiere of “Avengers: Infinity War” and the whole thing looked like a comic-con dream lineup! Deco's own superhero Chris Van Vliet is here and showing off their superpowers to boot.
But I feel like that's more of a hidden superpower, or maybe it's fitting into extremely small clothes. “Avengers: Infinity War” is going to be a huge movie, so of course there was a huge premiere and we chatted with all the stars. Well, technically not all of them … because there's a lot of them in this movie.
An infinite amount of stars hits the red carpet in Hollywood for the world premiere of “Avengers: Infinity War” — I mean seriously, look at them all!
And it makes sense, since this movie is jam-packed with pretty much every Marvel character you've met over the last 10 years and 18 films.
Tom Holland: “It's so crazy man, it's so crazy. And even for Robert Downey Jr., this is crazy. That's how crazy this is.”
Dave Bautista: “I'm so excited. And the weird thing is nobody's seen the film.”
That was the talk of the night on the red carpet — it's not just the fans who are excited, the stars might be even more excited.
Don Cheadle: “I hope it's good, I haven't seen anything. Am I in it? You can tell me.”
Chadwick Boseman: “Nobody's seen the movie. We don't know how the Russo brothers — who lets them get away with this?”
Good question. This is the third Marvel film directed by the Russo brothers — so they've got this whole being secretive thing down to a science.
Joe Russo: “We've been hiding secrets for years on this movie, so it's a very interesting night. We finally get to share it with people.”
Benedict Cumberbatch (as Doctor Strange): “He could destroy life on earth.”
Robert Downey Jr (as Iron Man): “We're going to need some help.”
You can say that again! Thanos is a bad guy, like a really bad guy — so bad in fact that the Avengers have to call for help from every single one of their Marvel Cinematic Universe friends to make sure the world doesn't get destroyed.
Scarlett Johansson: “Ten years ago, I never could have imagined the scope of this. It's so enormous.”
So, what are we all in for with this movie? Not even the God of Thunder seems to know.
Chris Hemsworth: “This could possibly be the last time we ever do this. Who knows? Or it may not be.”
This is going to be a massive opening this weekend. It's predicted to make at least $200 million and maybe as much as $250 million. The record right now is $247 million held by “Star Wars: The Force Awakens.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AGUADILLA, Puerto Rico (WSVN) — A generous group from South Florida showed the true spirit of the season by delivering hundreds of toys to Puerto Rico as the island continues to recover from Hurricane Maria.
Volunteers Chris Sloan and Lara Richardson, along with some powerful sponsors, came together for Operation Puerto Rico Holiday Gift-Lift soon after the storm.
“Kids who have been through so much trauma to be denied the holidays is something that is unacceptable,” said Sloan.
Toys arrived from all over the world and was flown for free to the town of Aguadilla in Puerto Rico by Spirit Airlines and JetBlue, Sunday.
“Christmas is coming, and how are you going to provide for your kids for that?” said Richardson. “It broke my heart to think about that.”
Sloan and Richardson said responses to the operation have been overwhelming.
“The response we've gotten here reminds you that the world is fundamentally a good place with good people,” said Sloan. “It reassures us that we have good times ahead of us and the world is still a wonderful place.”
A giant party was thrown in celebration of the operation, and thousands of residents showed up as early as 6 a.m for toys, food and to dance.
“I wanted them to see something different, ” said resident Aida Abrante, holding their young daughter, “because we've so much destruction. They had no where to go, so we were like, ‘Let's go and have fun.'”
The Category 4 stormed killed 64 people and wiped out power to the entire island.
“We are lucky for being alive. Just for being alive,” said resident Doris Lassalle, “to have our kids be happy, enjoy the life, and spending time with them.”
Close to 5,000 residents arrived up to the giveaway.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
MANCHESTER, N.H. — President Donald Trump will roll out new plans to tackle the country's opioid epidemic on Monday in New Hampshire, the White House said Sunday.
The plan will include stiffer penalties for high-intensity drug traffickers, including the death penalty for some, Andrew Bremberg, director of the White House Domestic Policy Council, told reporters Sunday.
Trump's long-awaited plan will focus on three areas: Law enforcement and interdiction, prevention and education through a sizable advertising campaign,, improving the ability to fund treatment through the federal government, and help those impacted by the epidemic find jobs while fighting addiction, Bremberg and White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said.
Congress recently appropriated $6 billion to combat the opioid epidemic, and a senior administration official told CNN that Trump's plan will lay out how the administration believes that money should be spent.
The concept of the death penalty for certain drug traffickers is something Trump has been outspoken about, but this will be the first time it will be part of an official administration plan.
“The Department of Justice will seek the death penalty against drug traffickers when it's appropriate under current law,” Bremberg told reporters during a phone call Sunday evening.
Trump called for the death penalty to drug dealers earlier this month at a rally in Pennsylvania. Their plan is expected to focus on sentencing reforms for drug dealers that would stiffen penalties for high-intensity drug dealers while “other people languishing in prison for these low-level drug crimes,” a senior administration official said.
“The President thinks that the punishment doesn't fit the crime,” the official said, adding that these penalties would be for dealers who bring large quantities of opioids — particular fentanyl — into the United States, not the people that are “are growing pot in the backyard or a friend who has a low-level possession crime.
“His plan will address, and they will address, the stiffening of penalties for the people who are bringing the poison into our communities,” the official added.
The official stressed that the speech and plan are still being reviewed and subject to change, meaning how much Trump focuses on the death penalty and tougher punishment is still uncertain.
On Sunday's call with reporters, administration officials would not get into specifics on Trump's death penalty proposal and referred all questions to the Department of Justice. When asked if the death penalty would be an appropriate punishment for some traffickers, a senior administration official again referred the question to the department but said capital punishment would be fitting in some instances.
The official said the death penalty proposal would be something the Justice Department will be “examining to move ahead with to make sure that's done appropriately” and not wait for Congress to propose possible legislation on the matter.
In support of the proposal, Trump told an audience in Pennsylvania this month that “a drug dealer will kill 2,000, 3,000, 5,000 people during the course of their or their life” and not be punished as much as a murderer.
“Thousands of people are killed or their lives are destroyed, their families are destroyed. So you can kill thousands of people and go to jail for 30 days,” Trump said. “They catch a drug dealer, they don't even put them in jail.”
Trump then touted the way Singapore handled drug dealers with the death penalty.
“That means if we catch a drug dealer, death penalty,” Trump said.
Trump's talk of stricter penalties for drug crimes has worried some treatment advocates, who have said there is no way the United States can punish its way out of the opioid epidemic.
The New Hampshire event will bring both the President and first lady to the key presidential campaign state for the first time since Trump won the presidency in 2016. The state has been an epicenter in the fight against opioids and Trump's focus on the scourge came from events they headlined in the state where they heard about the epidemic.
Recently released numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that around 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in 2016. And since 1999, the number of American overdose deaths involving opioids has quadrupled.
Trump's plan is also expected to include a federally backed ad campaign to prevent people from considering using opioids.
Trump and first lady Melania Trump, who will attend the event in New Hampshire on Monday, have worked together on the ad campaign, the official said, noting that the issue is “really the only policy issue the two of them have tackled together.”
As for the ad campaign, both are coming at it differently, the official said.
“The first lady wants to focus on the well-being of children with ads that lay out you are a somebody, not a statistic, don't start with drugs, and educate them,” the official said. “The President is more shock the conscience. They want to shock people into not using it.”
Trump previously proposed an ad campaign to help curb opioid abuse last year.
In addition to the first lady, several members of Trump's Cabinet are expected to attend the New Hampshire event with the President, the official said.
The Trump administration's effort has internally been led by Conway, the President's senior aide, but has also included conversations with a series of other agencies, including the departments of Labor, Housing and Urban Development, and State.
“We call it the ‘crisis next door' because everyone knows someone,” Conway told reporters Sunday night. “It is no longer somebody else's community, somebody else's kid, somebody else's co-worker. The opioid crisis is viewed by us at the White House as a nonpartisan problem searching for a bipartisan solution.”
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start — a career-best span of 28 1/3 innings.
"Kluber was Kluber," said White Sox manager Rick Renteria.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
By the time Kluber took the mound in the third, the Indians were up 7-0, but they had to focus as things were much tighter.
"You kind of train yourself or teach yourself to take each hitter, each pitch, whatever you want to call it, as if the game was tied," they said. "I think that through experience I'm sure every pitcher would tell you, as soon as you let your guard down a little bit, things usually bite you in the rear."
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escape by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MELKY WAY
The Indians improved to 7-3 in Cabrera's 10 starts since they were recalled from Triple-A Columbus. They signed a minor league contract with the club in April.
"He just knows how to hit," Francona said. "He really did work hard. When we were talking to him, they say, 'I'm in good shape,' and they are because it's hard to step in when you miss spring training and he's played every game."
SWEPT AWAY
The White Sox held a 25-minute meeting after they were swept for the eighth time this season. They also dropped to 8-19 on the road and 7-14 inside the division.
MANAGING MILLER
All-Star reliever Andrew Miller has been cleared to begin a throwing program after they had their right knee evaluated by Dr. David Altchek in New York.
Altchek confirmed Miller has inflammation. The Indians said he'll begin "a gradual progression back to mound activity." There is no timetable for their return.
Miller has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue. The left-hander has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
There's nothing like a good haunted house tale, unless it's a haunted house tale starring Helen Mirren — that's something in a class by itself. The Dame stars as Sarah Winchester in the new movie Winchester, about the real-life heiress to a rifle fortune who built a bizarrely giant house, either to contain the ghosts who were following them around or because they were just genuinely interested in architecture. Here, the Spierig Brothers, directors and co-writers of Winchester, share some secrets from the making of the movie, in theaters now.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
1. Sarah Winchester wasn't just a kook with an interest in ghosts. "Sarah really was a woman ahead of their time," says Michael Spierig. "I think they really wanted to be a builder and they were afforded that opportunity when they bought the house. They were one of the first people ever to have a shower, one of the first people to ever have a telephone in that area, they were a farmer, they invented an irrigation system. They were really a pioneer and an intelligent woman...we never thought of them as a crazy person." And though they were certainly eccentric, they seemed to be well liked by the people who worked for them "After they died, people tried to interview a lot of the staff that worked there and nobody ever said a bad thing about her," adds Michael.
2. Which is one reason Helen Mirren wanted to do the movie. "I think they really fell in love with the character and the real Sarah Winchester," says Michael. "Sarah is an incredible gift for an actor," Helen told Collider. "It's very similar to playing the queen. There is so much known about her, and yet, at the very center of all that knowledge, is this character of utter mystery, and Sarah is very similar." But even though they took their role as Sarah very seriously, the Spierig Brothers say Helen also had a lot of fun on set, and repeatedly told them, "Darling, don't treat me like the queen."
Jason Clarke and Helen Mirren in Winchester. Lionsgate/CBS Films
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
3. The filmmakers didn't have any ~ghostly~ experiences during filming. "You certainly can hear the house moving and creaking," explains Peter Spierig. "Whether that's a spirit, whether that's just the wind, who knows? [But] we didn't see any ghosts or anything like that, and if there are ghosts there, then maybe they're benign."
4. But the ghosts regularly mess with the house's staff. Asked if he's ever experienced anything paranormal at the house, Jake Williams, marketing coordinator at the Winchester Mystery House, replies, "How much time do you have?" Their first encounter happened two weeks after they started working there, when they were sitting at their desk in the staff offices. "A push pin flew past me and hit my cork board and then landed on my desk," they say. "I thought it was our graphic designer messing around with me, but I walked into all the other rooms of the office and no one else was there. I think that was [the ghosts'] little way of giving me an initiation to the house." He's also heard their name whispered in hallways and been tapped on the shoulder by someone they couldn't see, and says almost everyone who works there has similar stories.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
5. The sets were precisely measured to match the real house. The crew filmed at the house in San Jose when possible, but since the movie is set before the 1906 earthquake destroyed three floors, adjustments had to be made. "We took very specific measurements and recreated certain sets very, very accurately to the real house," says Peter. "We were pretty meticulous in trying to get that right."
The Winchester Mystery House in San Jose, California. Getty Images
6. Some of the coolest parts of the house are the least creepy. "There's a conservatory [with] two windows [in the floor] that open up," explains Jake. "The glass in the floor actually illuminates the floor below it, so when it's a sunny day out the sun from the ceiling of [the conservatory] will leak through the glass in the floor...down into the first floor. The first floor hall is all concrete, so the light bounces off the floor and lights the hallway up naturally. There's a few of those around the house, they're known as light wells." When the windows are open and it's breezy out, those light wells also work as natural air conditioners.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
7. The directors have already thought about what they might do for a sequel. "There are definitely a lot of rooms in that house, a lot of doors that were sealed up, and a lot of people that died at the hand of that rifle, so there are plenty more stories to tell," says Peter. "Who knows what there might still be in the house that hasn't been discovered?"
Follow Eliza on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Japan's Ayumu Hirano, 19, is hoping to go one step-better than their silver medal in the 2014 Sochi Olympics, which they achieved at the age of 15, by taking the gold in the snowboard halfpipe event.
WATCH MORE: 'It's gold or bust' for USA women's ice hockey team
Watch live coverage of the Winter Olympics across BBC TV, website, app and Red Button services.
After a very fun offseason of speculation, we're finally going to get to see what Shohei Ohtani can do as a full-time two-way player who both hits and pitches.
But with all the hype surrounding the Japanese phenom, what does that mean for fantasy baseball owners heading into drafts?
The answer is there's a lot of uncertainty swirling around him. Let's break down why:
1. How much is they really going to play?
I can't get out of my head something ESPN Fantasy editor Pierre Becquey said to me while discussing how Ohtani would count as one player that could be toggled between pitcher and hitter in ESPN leagues.
They reminded me that fantasy baseball is a volume game. With Ohtani pitching in a six-man rotation and swinging away as a designated hitter maybe twice a week, how much volume is that? Let's also remember that Ohtani is just 23 and pitched a career-high 160 innings when they were 20. In other words, the Angels might limit their innings even more than expected.
And how much extra are you paying for a player who will perhaps hit just twice a week for the season? The answer is you shouldn't — part-time hitters in fantasy aren't worth a whole lot. That applies particularly to Yahoo, who separated Ohtani into two different fantasy players. I might take Ohtani the Hitter with my final pick, but I'd probably be forced to drop them soon after for a hitter having a hot start.
Nolan Arenado welcoming Shohei Ohtani to America with this monster bomb. Watch how long the bat-path stays through the zone! #DonkeyHack pic.twitter.com/dL25HDTv9j — Donkey Hack (@DonkeyHack) March 17, 2018
2. We don't know what the pressures of two-way play do to a player
The cool thing about Ohtani is that he's unlike any player we've seen in decades. So, sure, draft them just so you can root for a two-way player to make it big in the Majors, paving the way for others to became dual pitcher-hitters.
But ask yourself: Will DHing — even if they don't do it that often between starts — somehow take a toll on their arm? Will there be a mental toll if they have to do twice the amount of video work scouting opposing pitchers and hitters? Will the pressure be too much?
We just don't know.
3. He's been hit hard in spring training
Yeah, yeah, it's spring training, but …
Shohei Ohtani batting in Spring Training:
2 for 20 with 7 Ks, 0 XBH Shohei Ohtani pitching in Spring Training:
2.2 IP, 9 H, 2 BB, 5 K, 3 HRA, 8 ER, 27 ERA 😬 — Daren Willman (@darenw) March 17, 2018
Now there's some rumbling about whether he'll even break camp with the big league team. Take my volume argument above and add in a few weeks of minor league time to it. Does that sound like a top-100 pick in re-draft leagues (if you're in a dynasty league, different story)? Fantasy Pros — which compiles where experts rank players — has them at an average draft position of 81.0. That seems high when there are better sleepers to risk your pick on like Boston Red Sox third baseman Rafael Devers or Oakland A's slugger Matt Olson. Lance McCullers and their 10 Ks per 9 innings are there for the taking with a 118 ADP.
So where does that leave them in your draft? Ohtani the Pitcher in Yahoo leagues is worth a flier somewhere in the 100-to-120 overall range in the hopes that their electrifying stuff results in a ton of strikeouts, but anywhere above that seems like too much risk for a high price. Ohtani as an SP/DH — particularly in leagues where both their hitting and pitching stats will count all the time — might be closer to 100th overall.
But I'm also betting they don't last that long. The allure of drafting Ohtani and the legend that's preceded them will be too much for owners to pass up when they see their name in their queue. And maybe this is the year to let someone else grab him.
Green Bay Packers wide receiver Jordy Nelson (87) is stopped by Detroit Lions cornerback Darius Slay (23) during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
What if your league-mates offered you a second chance at your draft?
Would you roll the dice on rookie Ezekiel Elliott instead of making a “safe” pick like Todd Gurley or, heaven forbid, Adrian Peterson?
Would you let Cam Newton slide on by and grab Matt Ryan instead?
Maybe pass up Rob Gronkowski for, let's see, any other tight end?
Sadly, there are no do-overs in fantasy football. At least not in the season-long version that God intended for us to play. But there sure is plenty of second-guessing. Yes, friends, it's time to adjust our rear-view mirrors as we explore what could have been with my oft-imitated, always-controversial, yet magically delicious Perfect Draft: The Final Judgment.
As always, we start with a few key parameters. We will draft from the middle (fifth) position in a 10-team non-keeper league using a standard scoring system that starts one quarterback, two running backs, two wide receivers, and one tight end, flex, kicker and team defense. We disregard Week 17, since no league should be vying for a championship then. And, as always, our goal is nothing short of total domination and the abject humiliation of our opponents.
Now, with the fifth pick of the 2016 Perfect Draft, we should have selected...
Round 1: David Johnson, RB, Cardinals. The 2016 Fantasy MVP lived up to the hype they generated late in their rookie season. Through 16 games, Johnson racked up 2,074 combined yards and a whopping 20 TDs. That's what you dream of from your first-round pick. Sunday's injury was a rotten way to close out their glorious season.
Round 2: Jordy Nelson, WR, Packers. The unchallenged Comeback Player of the Year immediately resumed their uncanny rapport with Aaron Rodgers, scoring in 11 of their first 15 games and racking up 91 receptions for 1,191 yards. Mike Evans was slightly better for much of the season, but they petered out down the stretch.
Round 3: T.Y. Hilton, WR, Colts. Andrew Luck's favorite receiver finally ascended to elite status. Aaron Rodgers and LeSean McCoy offer more third-round value, but passing up Hilton would leave us unnecessarily weak in our WR corps.
Round 4: DeMarco Murray, RB, Titans. We could afford to pass up McCoy because we're grabbing Murray here. After a disastrous detour through Philly, Murray nearly replicated their 2014 MVP status during their rebound season in Tennessee.
Round 5: Travis Kelce, TE, Chiefs. They overtook Greg Olsen for supremacy at their position with a sensational performance in Week 16. We could wait an extra round to take him, but we've got other plans for that pick.
Round 6: Melvin Gordon, RB, Chargers. Until they went down in Week 14, Gordon was in the Fantasy MVP conversation. Their injury was devastating to many of their owners, but they sure loved them when they were healthy.
Round 7: Tom Brady, QB, Patriots. Draft them and stash them till Week 5, then hold on for another stellar ride.
Round 8: Michael Crabtree, WR, Raiders. Marvin Jones teased us in the first half of the season, but Crabtree, while mixing in a few stinkers along the way, contributed more consistently throughout the season.
Round 9: LeGarrette Blount, RB, Patriots. Their worst game of the season was a 54-rushing-yard effort in Week 4 and they failed to reach the end zone in only three games. That's as consistent as it gets.
Round 10: Jay Ajayi, RB, Dolphins. He'll be a nice flex play, especially those three weeks when they eclipsed 200 rushing yards. If nothing else, we'll keep them off our opponents' rosters.
Round 11: Matt Ryan, QB, Falcons. Available as late as the 13th round, Matty Ice had the best season of their career and even came up big when Julio Jones was injured.
Round 12: Chiefs defense/special teams. We could wait another round to take the top D/ST in the land, but why tempt fate?
Round 13: Michael Thomas, WR, Saints. Zeke Elliott ran away with Fantasy Rookie of the Year honors, but Thomas set the standard among first-year wideouts. They nearly equaled the production of their more-heralded counterpart, Brandin Cooks, while becoming a trusted target of the prolific Drew Brees.
Round 14: Jordan Howard, RB, Bears. Here's another rookie who can come to our rescue once Melvin Gordon goes down.
Round 15: Davante Adams, WR, Packers. Adams may drive us crazy with their inconsistency, but Rodgers' second-most-reliable wideout is welcome on this team. They went undrafted in most leagues, but rose above Randall Cobb in Green Bay's pecking order.
Round 16: Tyreek Hill, WR, Chiefs. Want to watch question marks appear above your competitors' heads? Take Hill here and enjoy. The challenge will be knowing when to start the multi-faceted playmaker.
Round 17: Matt Bryant, K, Falcons. There are several quality choices here, but Bryant handled mop-up duty for the highest-scoring offense in the league. That's the way to pick your kicker.
The good news is you didn't need to draft this well to win a title. But it sure would have been fun.
Next week, we close out the 2016-17 season with our annual Biro's Heroes & Zeros Awards.
Ladd Biro is a two-time winner and four-time finalist of the Football Writer of the Year Award by the Fantasy Sports Writers Association. Follow all their advice daily at the Fantasy Fools blog (fantasy-fools.blogspot.com), on Facebook and via Twitter (@ladd_biro).
Do you ever watch The Bachelor or The Bachelorette and think, "Why is this show so long? They should get engaged on the first night," then you, my friend, are wrong. But you're also clearly on to something because the fine folks at ABC will air a new show, The Proposal, that's a combination of The Bachelor franchise, speed dating, and a beauty pageant.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Proposal is described as a "soulmate pageant" that will be hosted by former NFL player and season five bachelor, Jesse Palmer. In the course of an hour, contestants will have to go through multiple pageant segments, including a Q&A (the best part!), a talent show, and a swimwear modeling segment, all in an effort to impress their mystery date.
A secret panel of judges, which includes the mystery bae, choose which lucky contestants get to move on to each round and have their shot at TV love.
I mean, just look at this trailer! This is truly trashy reality TV at its finest!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Fingers crossed we get to see what a "Mister Rogers and Christian Grey" boyfriend is like.
At least the episodes have to be better than this TLC Love at First Kiss show, right?
The Proposal premieres Monday, June 18, at 10 p.m. EST on ABC.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new 20-mile-long concrete safety barrier on the M6 in Cheshire is nearing completion as part of a £274 million project to upgrade the route to a smart motorway.
The Highways England schemes between junction 16 at Crewe and junction 19 at Knutsford will see the hard shoulder converted to a permanent extra lane, and new variable speed limits will help to tackle congestion and keep traffic flowing.
Around 5,000 concrete blocks have been lifted into place, using giant claws on an excavator, to create the new safety barrier in the central reservation.
Each block is six metres long and weighs around four tonnes – equivalent to the weight of two 4x4 vehicles.
Contractors have already completed the stretch of new barrier between junctions 17 and 19, and are now working on the hard shoulder.
The remaining section of barrier between junctions 16 and 17 is due to be finished in the next few weeks, with some overnight closures required to alter the temporary road layout and move the construction area to the hard shoulder.
Highways England's senior smart motorway manager for the North Mike Bull said: “The smart motorway upgrade on the M6 is one of the biggest construction projects currently taking place in the North, and I'm pleased we're now reaching a major milestone with the new safety barrier.
(Image: UGC)
“When the smart motorway goes live, the 118,000 drivers who use the route every day will benefit from an extra lane in each direction – increasing capacity by a third. We'll also be introducing variable speed limits to keep traffic moving at a steady speed and tackle the stop/start conditions and tailbacks caused by sudden braking.
“We are doing everything we can to minimise disruption while the work takes place, keeping the same number of lanes open in each direction during the day, and will only close part of the motorway overnight when traffic levels are much lower.”
The new safety barrier will reduce the risk of vehicles crossing on to the opposite carriageway in collisions and is likely to require fewer repairs, cutting the need for lane closures.
The concrete blocks are created by pouring concrete into an upside down mould.
They take up to 18 hours to set before being struck from the mould, ready for delivery.
Around 300 people are currently working on the project to upgrade the M6 to a smart motorway through Cheshire.
Work has also been taking place to create new emergency areas, install foundations for overhead gantries, improve drainage, repair bridges and carry out resurfacing.
When the scheme is complete, 258 electronic signs will be used to alert drivers to changes in the speed limit, lane closures and incidents ahead.
A total of 70 CCTV cameras will also be installed to provide 100% coverage of the route and allow Highways England's traffic officers and the emergency services to respond quickly to incidents.
And 18 emergency areas will be built to provide drivers with a safer place to stop if they break down.
A similar smart motorway scheme on a stretch of the M62 in West Yorkshire, which was completed in 2013, has resulted in commuters saving around 30 minutes each week.
The southbound carriageway on the M6 will be closed overnight between junctions 18 and 17 on Friday, August 11 and the northbound carriageway will be closed overnight between the same junctions on Saturday, August 12.
The closures will take place between 10pm and 8am as part of the work to move the construction area to the hard shoulder, and a clearly-signed diversion will be in place.
The Cheshire smart motorway project is due to be completed by the end of March 2019.
More details on the scheme, including information about planned overnight closures, are available at www.highways.gov.uk/M6j16-19smart
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Close on the heels of President Maithripala Sirisena's controversial claim that foreign loans amounting to Rs. 9 trillion that had been procured during the Rajapaksa administration (2006-2014) couldn't be accounted for, a comprehensive study undertaken by the Auditor General's Department has confirmed the staggering figure. However, the period at issue as well as ‘funding sources' are inaccurate, The Island learns.
Parliament is expected to receive a comprehensive AG's Department report on the status of government debt before the Feb. 10 local government polls.
Well informed sources told The Island that contrary to President Sirisena's statement, Rs. 10 trillion had been borrowed from both foreign and domestic lenders and of that amount two trillion had been obtained before the Nov. 2005 presidential polls. The borrowed money included funds raised in domestic market by way of treasury bonds and treasury bills.
President Sirisena on Jan. 26 told a gathering of media representatives at the President's House that the national economy was in peril due to massive foreign loans taken during the Rajapaksa administration. The President said that of the nine trillion borrowed only one trillion had been accounted for.
Ajith Nivard Cabraal, who was Governor of the Central Bank during the period at issue, contradicted President Sirisena's statement within hours it was made. Cabraal told The Island: “Although the
President may have made this irresponsible statement to sling mud at the previous regime as they regularly do, I do not think they realize the grave danger that they are imposing on our economy with media releases of this nature.”
Sources said the AG's report was likely to be sent to Parliament on Monday (Feb.5). Asked whether the report would be released online and likely to be debated in parliament, sources said that as the AG's findings also dealt with the issuance of treasury bonds and treasury bills during that period, the parliament couldn't ignore it when Bond Commission report would be debated in parliament on Feb.6.
Authoritative sources said that the Central Bank had always resisted the AG though it was subjected to state auditing process. Sources recalled how Central Bank fiercely defied AG's efforts to secure access to documents in the wake of treasury bond scams involving the Perpetual Treasuries Limited (PTL) before the Parliamentary Committee on Public Enterprises (COPE) intervened on behalf of the AG.
Sources said that unprecedented drastic measures would be required to arrest the rapidly deteriorating situation. The AG's report would detail the situation vis a vis foreign and domestic loans, they said.
Recently, former CBSL Governor Cabraal and former Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) told a media briefing at Ramada that Sri Lanka's largest annual tender is for the sale of government securities, treasury bonds and treasury bills amounting to approximately Rs. 2,000 billion .
Sources said Parliament as the ultimate authority accountable for public finances could examine the debt crisis and the Bond Commission report.
Speaker Karu Jayasuriya's Office on Thursday said that the February 06 debate on Bond Commission and PRECIFAC reports could be later extended to another day or two. The parliament will meet again on Feb 19.
Sources said that the actual public debt could be even more than Rs. 10 trillion. Responding to another query, sources said that the actual situation could be even worse than President Sirisena's assertion. Sources acknowledged that the forthcoming report could certainly place major political parties at an embarrassing position.
The large scale borrowings had been utilised to bridge the ever expanding budget deficit for want of a prudent national economic policy and tax reforms, they said.
(Source: The Island – By Shamindra Ferdinando)
Concession provision for foreign workers is an insult to Guyanese – Jagdeo
“Abhorrent” and “insulting” are some of the words used by Opposition Leader, Bharrat Jagdeo to describe the fact that foreigners contracted to work with ExxonMobil will be given duty-free concessions.
Jagdeo expressed this at a recent press conference.
At that forum, the politician said that they can never beat up on the coalition government over its distribution of huge concessions to various companies. However, Jagdeo said that they have a longstanding problem with the giving of concessions to expat workers.
They told media workers, “I cannot beat up on this government for giving concessions to big companies. But I am not talking about every worker, that's different. I have noticed in some contracts the foreigners get concessions too, I find this abhorrent.”
Jagdeo noted, “ExxonMobil can bring a driller or someone to drive a tractor, but because they are a foreigner they get duty free. That should not be part of any agreement. We had it in the Omai Agreement and we started removing it.”
Jagdeo said that they would not put their head on the proverbial block, but they are almost certain that no contract signed by them has that provision. “That was a policy decision for all contracts during my time. You cannot bring in a supervisor and they get all these concessions and a Guyanese supervisor does not.”
NASSAU, Bahamas – In another dynamic collaboration, the Bahamas' Profiles98 Model Management Agency and Magazine in partnership with Saint International (Jamaica) Ltd., the leading model agency in the Caribbean hosted it's second ‘ Fashion Face of the Bahamas ' workshop and model search.
‘Fashion Face of the Bahamas' showcased 16 females and 3 male up and coming models and three of the Bahamas' elite designers that have represented the Bahamas on numerous international runways.
The “Fashion Face of the Bahamas” workshop and runway finale was held December 1st-3rd at the Warwick All Inclusive Hotel, Paradise Island.
Profiles98 collaborated with corporate Bahamas and Bahamian fashion insiders to teach participants about the behind the scene business of fashion and what it takes to shine on the global runway.
Spearheading the health and wellness segment of the seminar was, Ashley Fraser, Personal Trainer, Group Fitness Instructor and Operational Manager at Jemi Health and Wellness.
“It was important to educate the models about lifestyle change as its relates to the world of fashion – making them aware that being healthy matters in this business and the importance of not starving themselves”. DeEdra Gibson of Hair Care Parlor taught the models about the importance of caring for their natural hair and embracing the natural curls.“
The Fashion Industry craves the perfect blank canvas – so the more natural they are the better. “Complementing this segment was a series of video presentations on detoxing and maintaining healthy glowing skin.
Profiles98 Magazine has been showcasing local and international models for eight years and has found that the one thing every model hopeful needs to know is that, “it is not just about taking pretty photos or walking in a show –models must be educated about the standards of the business, to ensure that when they go beyond the Bahamas and partake in fashion shows, or photo shoots they are ready.”
In an effort to bring this message home in a real way, sessions were lead by Bahamian Designers Kristen Dklypse and David Rolle who are living the experience.
During these sessions models were introduced to areas such as model castings, what to expect backstage, the runway and what is expected and what to expect during a photoshoot. Our third speaker, the Bahamas' number one Lifestyle, branding coach, Fashion Photographer and Profiles98 Magazine Creative Director, Scharad Lightbourne spoke to the models about the importance of capturing great photos and the roll social media plays in the Industry.
Closing out the seminar series was Dewight Peters, CEO of Saint International Model Management.
Peters first spoke to the models about the different genres of modelling – from high fashion, to print and to commercial campaigns. Wanting to get to know the models a little better, Peters conducted a one on one interview with each model that included a runway walk through.
Fashion Face of the Bahamas Final Showcase
After two exciting days of seminars and model screenings the event concluded with an exclusive runway presentation where the winners were announced. Fashion Face Of The Bahamas winners: India Sweeting and Charles Anderson.
Coming in second place was Jada Munroe 20, while Ereisha Mackey, placed third. All four winners were signed to Saint International model management and will represent the Bahamas at Saint's main ‘Fashion Face of the Caribbean' model search to be held March, 2018 in Kingston.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Will Ibrahim Magu Tame This Beast? -By Ajakaiye Olanrewaju
The birth of the beast of our flagitious generation has culminated into a sententious believe in our society that has permeated into all sphere of our national economy is calling for outright execution, but the question is, who will extinguish this beast? Can this honourable gentle man, Magu tame this beast?
Over the years, the loopholes that have caused social degradation in Nigeria's development as a nation are linked to this beast, an exterminating visible enemy, yet treated as an invisible friend, what a wonderful world we live in!
The dream of our founding fathers was to see Love, Peace, Unity and Progress radiate our existence and create a free world for all to dream and fulfill destiny, but the case nowadays is the reverse of this dream. Is there hope? Someone may ask, of course there is, if we stop our attitude of not being pro-active in the things that affect us as a people. It is so painful that, we as a people are not pragmatic enough in our hilarious efficacy in the lean-tos enigma of our time. We accept whatever our edacious leaders dish out to us. Nigerians, when are we going to change the status quo? Arise oh compatriots! Nigeria's calling please obey, one may also ask, which call are we going to obey? When our leaders continually engage in self-seeking glamorous lifestyle, when there are no basic amenities that can sustain us as a people, yield to what call? When the number of the unemployed is as high as the summit of Everest, when we pay heavily for darkness, when we live below one dollar per day, when our votes do not count, when one is not sure if they go out in the morning, they will return safe, due to lack of security in the land and when the wishes of the people do not prevail, the list is endless yet we claim we are practicing a democratic system of government, oh please! This is just a hullabaloo, kindly excuse my language.
I am proudly a Nigerian specie like you, but I believe in the true Nigerian dream of our founding fathers because there is no other country anywhere in the world, (no matter how rich or technologically advanced that country might be) I can call my own. Comrades, I am proud to be a Nigerian. The truth must be told, as the truth is the only cure for evil of our time as a nation that is why we are far behind expectations, these calls for the reawakening of the spirit of patriotism amongst our people, no matter the rough and inhumane experiences we have witnessed in time past.
Nigeria was described by one of our eminent Professors, as a nation that thrives in confusion, a nation that is not organized but always in a hurry to get things done. Do I agree with him? Yes, I do. The assumption by many that, there are no good policies to drive a sustainable social and economic system for meaningful development is a faithful falsehood, because the real problem are the Nigerian people who do not follow stipulated policies meant to police the existence of the nation. The challenge with our government is not lack of good policy formulations but lack of implementation, monitoring and effective accountability backed with good moral standard and honest character.
This beast is everywhere in our society, it is the reason why people can no longer afford to buy Garri (a food once for the poor), it is the reason Ponmo is scare in the market, (Ponmo a food once for the poor), it is the reason why people are calling for every of our system to be automated to reduce its infectious bites on daily businesses, it is the reason why people who have not gone through the four walls of any institution of learning are at the helm of affairs. This is a country where ignoramus control the means of production and still live a big slap on the face of those who have the technical know-how, will Magu Tame this beast that has been set loose to destroy our identity as a people?
When we rejected colonialism and military rule we know what we did, why can't we do the same against this beast that has been set loose? There is a saying that a fool at 40 is a fool forever, in this current dispensation, a fool at 20 can never be wise. If Nigeria at 57 cannot be proactive enough to change their corrupt system that has given us the image we possess among the comity of nations, what is the hope of the leaders of tomorrow? The question is, where do we start from? Start from where you are. The almighty God will never come down to think for us because they gave us heads, so that we can give them rest. In whatever you do, make integrity, accountability and the fear of God your watchword, you also need to be consistent with this, because being consistent leads to excellence.
Lastly, good is the opposite of evil, the more we keep doing well, the more we will suffocate the evil beast of corruption from existing amongst us. This is not automatic, but it is a progressive means to a better end. Imagine a Nigeria where everyone is sincere and truthful in their dealings, a nation where the leaders are accountable to their people and the wish of the people is respected, the evil which feeds on corruption would have been starved till eternity from existence. God bless Nigeria.
Ajakaiye Olanrewaju
(A Media Practitioner, Lives in Omu-Aran, Kwara State, Nigeria). +2348062172600
Related
Comments
comments
Dallas Stars' John Klingberg (3) is congratulated by teammates on the bench after scoring against the Arizona Coyotes during the second period of an NHL hockey game, Friday, Feb. 24, 2017, in Dallas. (AP Photo/Mike Stone)
Under Lindy Ruff's system, they wanted one of the defensemen to join the rush or get to the net in the offensive zone. Ruff talked quite a bit about outnumbering the other team at the net. The problem is that when a defenseman did that and the forward didn't do a good job covering for him, it made the defenseman look bad. That created a situation in the head of the defenseman (and I think this was a big deal for Stephen Johns, Jamie Oleksiak and Patrik Nemeth) where they were indecisive a lot.
Heika : I think it will be great for John. One, Klingberg wants to be a top level player and knows they have holes in their game. They switched from forward to defense at age 15, so he's still a work in progress at age 25, and they realize they have to work to get better. Two, just like goalies, Hitchcock's system helps protect defensemen. Because the forwards are required to think defense first, it creates a situation where the defensemen aren't exposed as much.
How do you think hiring Ken Hitchcock is going to affect John Klingberg? I can see Hitch just ripping them to shreds in Game 1 for a bad turnover.
Mike Heika, Stars beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answers your questions about the team in a live chat recently. Here are some highlights:
They were overwhelmed with all of the decision-making.
Hitchcock's system can be frustrating for a creative player like Klingberg, but it can also be comforting. You do what you are supposed to do most of the time and look for the rare opportunity to break out. You create your offense from your defense, but you always think defense first.
That can put a defenseman in a confident place.
Most surprising playoff matchup from your point of view so far?
Heika: I'm shocked Nashville is playing so well, and Toronto is a lot further along in its rebuild than I thought. Honestly, there are a lot of surprises so far.
How long do you realistically think Hitch sticks around this time?
Heika: My guess is two years, but I think it could be longer. They keep talking about retirement, but I think coaching is like oxygen to him. I think they love it. I'd really like to see them shoot for 5-6 years and end up with another Stanley Cup.
Any defensive free agents on your radar that Dallas could sign?
Heika: I don't think they are in on Shattenkirk, because he's similar to what they have here. I think they like Karl Alzner, but they do have negative analytics and their cost could be very high.
Could I talk you into the return of Trevor Daley?
Honestly, I think they will have a very serious talk about trying to win with the players here. Hitchcock talked glowingly of Esa Lindell, and it looks like Julius Honka is the real deal. Mix in Klingberg and Hamhuis and you have what could be a solid top four. Can you then piece something together with Johns, Oleksiak, Pateryn or maybe one veteran like Daley with two of this previous three? It's a possibility.
That said, if a trade is out there for a top defenseman, I would think the Stars would be first in line. I just don't know if the answer is in free agency.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE FULL CHAT
by
When you look at a map of the Delmarva, or from one of those NASA photographs from space, it's hard not to think that this perfect peninsula must be its own state, or, secondarily, is part of just one state. And yet for reasons known and not known, the great Delmarva Peninsula is divided into three different states.
This helps understand the name itself, with the states of Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia getting equal billing, but for centuries, this artificial division it has also leaded to very unique identities for each section. Maryland has its own “Eastern Shore,” Virginia identifies itself as the “Lower Eastern Shore,”with Delaware picking up the rest by default. And alongside with those manmade divisions in government jurisdictions have come differences in culture, agricultural practices, and maritime use.
For many conservationists, this forced separation of what could be one of the East Coast's most remarkable ecosystems has been a frustrating deterrent to large landscape strategies to protect the peninsula's food production, its need for habitat protection and a sustainable approach to public access for the 20o mile land mass.
That frustration has not stopped state governments and environmental organizations to make substantial progress in protecting much of the Delmarva's most important natural assets, particularly over the last forty years. But with the mounting evidence of climate change, and the dire predictions of significant changes in sea levels, a new push to see the Delmarva as a whole ecosystem has started to take place.
Starting with the visionary work of environmental writers such as E.O. Wilson, and more recently Tony Hiss, there is a growing consensus with many of the Delmarva's most important stakeholders to double down at looking at the peninsula as one huge ecosystem, requiring more interstate strategies and cross-disciplinary initiatives. The result being the creation of the “Delmarva Oasis” as the collective name for all these long-term goals.
The Spy was interested in exploring with one of those essential stakeholders how this might work on the practical level. That is why we sat down with Rob Etgen last week to understand why the Eastern Shore Land Conservancy is taking a leadership role to make the Delmarva Oasis a reality over the next decade.
This video is approximately six minutes in length. For more information about the Eastern Shore Land Conservancy and the Delmarva Oasis inviitivide please go here.
In this Saturday, May 26, 2018 image from video released by the U.S. Geological Survey, lava sends up clouds of steam and toxic gases as it enters the Pacific Ocean as Kilauea Volcano continues its eruption cycle near Pahoa on the island of Kilauea, Hawaii. Lava from the Kilauea volcano has reached a geothermal power plant on the Big Island, approaching wells that have been capped to protect against the release of toxic gas should they mix with lava. (U.S. Geological Survey via AP)
India air pollution deaths poised to exceed China's
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Bill Hemmer
My last 4 articles have explained health lies we have all been taught that keep us stuck. I have extracted these lies from a fabulous book, The One Thing The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results by Gary Keller and Jay Papasan.
In this final article on this topic, I will explain another common health lie we have all been told…thinking Big about your health potential is wrong!
Health Lie #6
The final health lie we have all been told is that thinking big about our health goals is wrong. We have been taught think small. Big has been associated with hard, complicated, time-consuming, complex, difficult, overwhelming and intimidating. All of these words create a negative picture in your mind.
The fact is: Big is not Bad! Big is the only way you can truly break free for your chronic lifestyle-based diseases you are currently dealing with. Little ideas lead to little results. Big ideas lead to Big results.
For more than four decades, Stanford psychologist Carol S. Dweck studied how thinking big influences your actions. They worked with children revealed there were two different mindsets, some children had a growth mindset, in other words, they thought big. The other group of children had a fixed mindset and put artificial limits on themselves and avoided failure.
The growth mindset children used better learning strategies, experienced less helplessness, exhibited more positive effort and achieved more in the classroom. They were less likely to place limits on themselves and weren't afraid of short-term failure that would lead to breakthroughs in learning for a long-term success.
The fixed minded children were more afraid of failure than achieving success. They played it safe and rarely had extraordinary achievements in the classroom. There life was average at best. You deserve better than an average life!
The best news is you can learn to become growth minded in the same way you can learn any other habit. You just need to surround yourself with all 4 ways of the Functional Health Recovery and set your sights as Big as you can imagine. This is when the magic occurs!
There are 4 ways to recover your health and live healthy ever after these include: Attitude, Lifestyle Behaviors, Whole Food Nutrition and Movement. By combining these 4 ways your ability to reverse any chronic lifestyle-based disease is guaranteed.
These four ways will help you overcome all 6 of the health lies we have explained over the last month. Your attitude can and will change when you become empowered and learn that you can become your own healthcare provider. Your lifestyle behaviors will change also as you work through the different lies we have discussed. Eating whole foods will also help build your energy to the point that you can break free from any chronic diseases. Then, movement allows you to keep your energy up and become independent from our current sickness model of healthcare.
You deserve to live healthy ever after…don't you?
NEAR FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (WSVN) – An investigation into a baby's death has begun, Monday morning.
According to the Broward Sheriff's Officer, deputies responded to a call regarding a 2-month-old infant's death just after 10 a.m., at 2791 N.W. 15th Court. The baby was found dead in one of the bed's inside of the home.
Homicide and crime scene detectives have begun a death investigation and remain on the scene.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) is sacked by Seattle Seahawks free safety Earl Thomas (29) during the first quarter of a Christmas Eve NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday, December 24, 2017 at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
The Cowboys are interested in Earl Thomas, and Earl Thomas is interested in the Cowboys.
But ex-NFL scout Bryan Broaddus told Shan and RJ on KRLD-FM 105.3 The Fan that Cowboys fans watching should keep two things in mind.
"I do know [GM] John Schneider very well, the general manager in Seattle, and I know that John for a fact will not give that player away," Broaddus said. "That's not going to be their way of doing things. We'll see what happens down the road - there are talks going back and forth what the price is, can you sign them long term."
The speculation surrounding Thomas isn't about their talent. Thomas is an "outstanding player and would provide a tremendous boost" to the Dallas D, SportsDay insider David Moore said last week. He'd mentor a young group of DBs with promise as well. But Thomas turns 29 in May. How long will they continue at the elite level?
"He's one of the best free safeties to ever play the game," Broaddus said. "I will say that about him. Do they deserve to be paid as one? Absolutely. But they are getting a little late in their career and we've kind of seen what happens to guys like that that are in a lot of collisions in their career. But again I don't see Seattle giving them away ... and if they do, I don't see them coming cheap. And I think those are two things you really, really have to consider."
Plevna hosted one of two Montana Farm2School Workshops on Sept. 29.
By Jessica Paul
Plevna hosted one of two Montana Farm2School Workshops on Sept. 29. The Regional Workshops highlight Montana schools that are making Farm2School happen! They learned about the Harvest of the Month program and its benefits for other schools and communities. They discussed the Farm2School resources, made a few tours, and had a roundtable discussion with goal setting that will help everyone get involved in the Farm-to-School program. The attendees ate lunch at the Plevna School before beginning their busy day; followed with a presentation by the Mr. Isaacs.
Thursday's business of the day consisted of a 2017 Action Plan, discussion of the website for Farm2School: www.montana.edu/mtfarmtoschool, the Harvest of the month website: www.montana.edu/mtharvestofthemonth, Website for the Montana Crunch time on October 24th: www.montana.edu/mtfarmtoschool/mt-crunch-time.html, and the Beef to School project.
Friday morning began with coffee and morning treats provided by Connie Lang and Berdie Rieger dieticians for the Plevna School lunch program. After the welcome and introductions, they discussed the intent of the workshop, followed by an agenda review. They then went over the basics of grounding terminology, followed by a tour of the Plevna School garden, and greenhouse.
Mr. Isaacs presented a slideshow detailing the purpose and goals of our school garden and outdoor classroom. This slideshow also detailed Plevna School's progress since we started the Farm2School journey three years ago. Also highlighted were pictures of K-12 students building our raised beds, planting seeds, caring for and harvesting the vegetables. The theme was “Planting Potential – Harvesting Success”.
Following the presentation, participants toured the greenhouse and the raised bed areas. Mr. Isaacs and Taylor Rieger engaged the participants with a soil media mixing activity as well as an activity in which they planted garlic, radishes, spinach, and a cover crop of winter wheat. Participants also learned about the benefits of sunflowers in the garden, as they viewed the many aphids under the sunflower leaves and also observed various stages of ladybugs as they enjoyed growing with abundant aphids in their diet.
Next on the agenda was the Harvest of the Month and the buying of local ingredients, followed by a delicious meal of smothered beef, gravy, and potatoes provided by the Plevna School Cafeteria. They also visited with Nicole Buerkle, Business Manager, and Connie Lang and Berdie Rieger, dieticians, on their continuous efforts in promoting the Farm2School program in our school and our community. To close the workshops, they set goals for the individual, school, community, and regional Farm2School organizations as a guideline for other schools to follow in getting started on this wonderful program.
Conservative columnist Andrea Seastrand is a former Congressional Representative for the 22nd District, a longtime grassroots activist and current president of the Central Coast Taxpayers Association. Them column runs in The Tribune every other Sunday, in rotation with liberal columnist Tom Fulks.
Gene Ransom's day was ruined within minutes of Attorney General Jeff Sessions' announcement that they were giving federal prosecutors more freedom to go after marijuana transactions in states that have legalized medical cannabis.
“Our phones just blew up,” said Ransom, the head the Maryland State Medical Society. “We must have had 400 physicians calling to ask us what this was going to mean.”
Sessions' Jan. 4 bombshell came just a month after Maryland launched its own medical marijuana program, further roiling a health care community struggling with how – or even whether – to bring pot into mainstream practice.
Already nervous, some doctors who had signed up promptly backed out when Sessions reversed the hands-off policy of the Obama era.
“I know of two who had already registered who decided not to take the risk after all,” Ransom said. “One of them had already written recommendations for several patients.”
The problem isn't limited to Maryland, one of 28 states that has legalized medical cannabis. The reluctance of doctors, particularly on the East Coast, to embrace medical marijuana has become the final and highest hurdle in the push to normalize the drug, advocates say.
New Jersey and Pennsylvania have both reported physician resistance. In New York, only 1,200 of the state's 97,000 licensed doctors have registered to offer cannabis, according to state officials. In Massachusetts, just 218 doctors have registered three years into the program, limiting the number of patients able to gain access to state-certified dispensaries.
“I think it has been a huge impediment,” said Nichole Snow, president of the Massachusetts Patients Advocacy Alliance.
In Maryland, the top federal prosecutor, acting U.S. Attorney Steve Schenning, told a legal publication last week that they had no plans to go after growers, dispensaries and physicians in the state-sanctioned system. But the uncertainty remains, chilling an already reluctant community of doctors.
Almost 20,000 patients have registered with the state's Medical Cannabis Commission, the first step in gaining access to legal marijuana. Next they must find a registered doctor to recommend it, and then go to an approved dispensary – there are now 22 open statewide – to buy it. But with 200 to 400 new patient online applications arriving a day, the number of doctors signing up has “flatlined” at just under 700, according to a commission official, leading some to fear that finding a doctor is going to be hard for some patients.
The Sessions scare isn't the only reason some docs are hesitant. Many already stay away on principle, seeing no reason to reassess marijuana's street-drug rep. Others work for corporate practices or hospitals that aren't ready to touch the stuff.
But physicians willing to make the jump are confronted by the purple haze of uncertainty that surrounds a medicine that wasn't taught in med school.
“It's a product that most doctors don't know anything about,” said Ehsan Abdeshahian, a Waldorf-based pain specialist appointed to the cannabis commission in July by Gov. Larry Hogan (R). “The priority now is to educate the providers.”
Abdeshahian is leading the commission's plan for an online program to answer as many questions as they can for eligible providers, which includes physicians, nurse practitioners, midwives, podiatrists and dentists. A bill currently before the legislature would add physician assistants to the list.
Unlike most pharmaceuticals, cannabis didn't arrive with an FDA pedigree of clinic trials, dosage guidelines and a list of specific uses. That work is beginning to be done, advocates say, but as the patient rolls swell, many providers are stymied by some basic questions: Is it really safe? Is it actually effective? Is it truly legal?
“I don't think we're ready for it,” said Gary Pushkin, an orthopedic surgeon in Baltimore for the last 34 years. He's waiting for science to back up claims by advocates – and a growing number of patients – that cannabis can help with seizures, nausea, wasting, anxiety, cancer and host of other ills. It's all anecdotal until the data is in, they said.
“It seems we're being driven by YouTube videos now,” said Pushkin said.
Puskin serves as the president of the Maryland State Medical Society, the state's largest doctors association. They opposed medical marijuana during the long debate before the state legislature, but the group itself stayed neutral.
“Our members are just like the public, they are split on the issue,” said Ransom.
But now that Maryland's program has launched – more than four years after being signed into law – the group is working to make it as orderly as possible for the doctors who want to participate. And one the of the biggest quandaries for providers who may get a third or more of their income from Medicare or other federal sources: Sussing out the legal risk of prescribing a drug still outlawed by the federal government.
Mathew Mintz, a longtime internist at George Washington University Medical School who recently set up their own practice in Bethesda, Maryland, said liability fears are a big reason most of their peers are still wary of the cannabis program. But they decided it was worth the risk and has written about a dozen recommendations for patients in the last month.
“I've really been impressed with how medical marijuana has changed the lives of people with chronic conditions,” Mintz said, citing cases of anxiety and insomnia they have witnessed.
Mintz is eager for researchers to backfill some of the healing claims made about cannabis, but he's confident that the drug is safe enough for many patients to at least try.
“The more we learn about it, the more we understand that it's a non-addictive substance that's probably safer than alcohol,” they said. “It's probably safer than Tylenol.”
Still, the process is far less precise than scribbling in Latin on a prescription pad, knowing the pharmacist will fill the order down to the milligram and type exact directions on the label.
Like many participating doctors, Mintz consults with their patients, decides if they might benefit and then largely leaves it up to the dispensary to come up with a dose and type of cannabis to try. They are the experts in this still fledgling field of cannabinoids, tinctures, flower strains, vaping and edibles.
“I tell my patients to talk to the dispensary,” Mintz says. “I just recommend that they don't smoke anything.”
That puts them at odds with some in the dispensary field, who want the doctors to be as specific as possible about the what the patient needs.
“The doctors are looking to us to provide the patient with specifics on the different strains,” said William Askinazi, co-owner of Potomac Holistics in Rockville, Maryland. “We can do that, but we don't venture into the more traditional medical areas of the underlying illnesses.”
Some doctors are far more comfortable making specific recommendations, but even they have to navigate a system can feel more ancient apothecary than modern pharmaceutical.
Patricia Frye's clinic in Takoma Park, Maryland is geared specifically to elderly patients who are eager to try cannabis but aren't looking to get high. On a January morning, an elderly couple and their adult daughter face Frye across their desk.
The mother, 79, sits, sometimes squirming in discomfort, as their family describes their case: Years of abdominal pain, anxiety, lethargy, poor sleeping, low appetite, hallucinations. They have been hospitalized multiple times, and Frye takes notes on the range of medications she's on.
“We've tried everything,” said them the daughter, who asked not to be named to protect their mother's privacy. They had a friend who said they were helped dramatically by cannabis so the woman registered their mother and persuaded them reluctant parents to give it a try.
After giving them a quick primer on marijuana as medicine, Frye writes a recommendation for the woman: 10 mg of CBD, the non-psychoactive cannabinoid and, at bedtime, 2.5 mg of THC, the one that makes you sleepy (and buzzed). She'd like them to have both in tincture form, placed under the tongue. But they can't be sure what the dispensary has available. Gauging the amounts present in various strains is far from exact.
“Have them call me,” they tell them. “I will talk it through with them.”
The family leaves, still having to register with the state as caregivers so they will be allowed to buy cannabis for the mother. Up next is negotiating the shifting inventories of buds and oils and edibles.
Their session with Frye cost $250, which is not covered by most insurance. The daughter was pleased.
“There are so many complexities,” they said. “It's good to feel like we have a doctor who is our advocate.”
The Charlotte-Shelburne-Hinesburg Rotary's Annual Golf Ball Drop fundraiser will be held on Shelburne Day, Aug. 19, on the Little League Field next to the Shelburne Fire Station.
A $10 ticket gets participants a numbered ball that will be dropped from the sky – or a bucket loader. Ball closest to the hole wins $4,000; second-closest wins $500; third wins $250 and furthest wins $250 as well.
Tickets are $10 each or 10 for $90. For information and to purchase tickets, contact John Dupee at 862-8788, or any Rotarian. Tickets also will be for sale at the Shelburne Farmer's Market on Saturday, Aug. 19 from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Winners need not be present. An independent panel of judges will determine the winners who will be announced at the event and posted on the club's website www.charlotteshelburnerotary.org. Entrants must be 18 or older.Proceeds fund the Charlotte-Shelburne-Hinesburg Rotary club's many community service projects and charitable activities. Recent examples include this summer's new “Food That's in When School is Out” program at the Shelburne Community School; Shelburne, Charlotte, and Hinesburg food shelves; the Hands to Honduras project; the Shelburne Veterans' Memorial; Meals on Wheels; college scholarships to local students; Christmas turkeys; the Burlington Emergency Shelter; and local Cub and Boy Scouts.
Police released surveillance video Friday from a Rosemont hotel where a Chicago teen was found dead in a freezer over the weekend. Natalie Martinez reports.
The death of a 19-year-old girl whose body was found in a freezer at a hotel last month has been ruled an accident, the Cook County medical examiner's office said Friday.
Kenneka Jenkins died from hypothermia due to cold exposure in a walk-in freezer and alcohol and topiramate intoxication were “significant contributing factors,” the medical examiner said. No sign of any date rape drugs were found after toxicology tests, the office said.
Jenkins' death has drawn national attention since they were found in a freezer at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont on Sept. 10. Protesters gathered outside the hotel on multiple occasions following their death to demand more transparency in the investigation and to call on a federal investigation.
Rosemont police said the hotel, which offered to pay for Jenkins' funeral expenses, has been forthcoming and helpful during the investigation.
Surveillance footage captured Jenkins' final moments, which took place at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont. The footage shows Jenkins walking through the hotel, but does not show how they ended up in a freezer, where their body was discovered the next day.
Rosemont police have released nine video clips showing Jenkins walking through the hotel in the hours before their death. They can be seen walking unsteadily through the hotel's kitchen before disappearing around a corner, but none of the released footage shows them entering the freezer.
Jenkins left their home near the United Center at 11:30 p.m. on Sept. 8 to go to a party in a room of the Crowne Plaza, police said. Jenkins' sister last heard from them via text message about 1:30 a.m. Saturday.
They were last seen by their friends at a party on the ninth floor of the hotel in the early hours of Sept. 9. Jenkins was reported missing that afternoon, and authorities found them in the freezer shortly after midnight.
Jenkins was buried Saturday.
Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers Tuesday afternoon April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of Home Depot. The Dallas Morning News via AP Ron Baselice
Yesterday, I posted a press release on a paper that suggested soil was going to accelerate global warming. Now today, we have the opposite; “Soil holds potential to slow global warming”.
Collectively, I don't think climate science has a clue either way.
Climate solution in soil?
Soil holds potential to slow global warming, Stanford researchers find
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
If you want to do something about global warming, look under your feet. Managed well, soil's ability to trap carbon dioxide is potentially much greater than previously estimated, according to Stanford researchers who claim the resource could “significantly” offset increasing global emissions. They call for a reversal of federal cutbacks to related research programs to learn more about this valuable resource.
The work, published in two overlapping studies Oct. 5 in Annual Review of Ecology, Evolution and Systematics and Global Change Biology, emphasizes the need for more research into how soil – if managed well – could mitigate a rapidly changing climate.
“Dirt is not exciting to most people,” said earth system science professor Rob Jackson, lead author of the Annual Review of Ecology, Evolution and Systematics article and coauthor of the Global Change Biology paper. “But it is a no-risk climate solution with big cobenefits. Fostering soil health protects food security and builds resilience to droughts, floods and urbanization.”
Humble, yet mighty
Organic matter in soil, such as decomposing plant and animal residues, stores more carbon than do plants and the atmosphere combined. Unfortunately, the carbon in soil has been widely lost or degraded through land use changes and unsustainable forest and agricultural practices, fires, nitrogen deposition and other human activities. The greatest near-term threat comes from thawing permafrost in Earth's northern reaches, which could release massive amounts of carbon into the atmosphere.
Despite these risks, there is also great promise, according to Jackson and Jennifer Harden, a visiting scholar in Stanford's School of Earth, Energy & Environmental Sciences and lead author of the Global Change Biology paper.
Improving how the land is managed could increase soil's carbon storage enough to offset future carbon emissions from thawing permafrost, the researchers find. Among the possible approaches: reduced tillage, year-round livestock forage and compost application. Planting more perennial crops, instead of annuals, could store more carbon and to reduce erosion by allowing roots to reach deeper into the ground.
Jackson, Harden and their colleagues also found that about 70 percent of all sequestered carbon in the top meter of soil is in lands directly affected by agriculture, grazing or forest management – an amount that surprised the authors.
“I think if beer bets were involved, we all would have lost,” Harden said of them coauthors.
Jackson and their coauthors found a number of other surprises in their analysis. For example, plant roots are ?ve times more likely than leaves to turn into soil organic matter for the same mass of material. The study also provides the most complete estimate yet of carbon in peatland and permafrost – almost half of the world's estimated soil carbon.
“Retaining and restoring soil organic matter helps farmers grow better crops, purifies our water and keeps the atmosphere cleaner,” said Jackson, Michelle and Kevin Douglas Provostial Professor in the School of Earth, Energy & Environmental Sciences.
Overcoming obstacles
The Jackson-led study describes an unexpectedly large stock of potentially vulnerable carbon in the northern taiga, an ecosystem that is warming more rapidly than any other. These carbon stocks are comparatively poorly mapped and understood.
The study warns of another danger: overestimating how the organic matter in soil is distributed. Jackson and their coauthors calculate there may be 25-30 percent less than currently estimated due to constraints from bedrock, a factor previously not analyzed in published scientific research.
While scientists are now able to remotely map and monitor environmental changes on Earth's surface, they still don't have a strong understanding of the interactions among biological, chemical and physical processes regulating carbon in soils. This knowledge is critical to understanding and predicting how the carbon cycle will respond to changes in the ecosystem, increasing food production and safeguarding natural services we depend on, such as crop pollination and underground water storage.
A rapidly changing climate – and its effects on soil – make these scientific advances all the more urgent.
“Soil has changed under our feet,” Harden said. “We can't use the soil maps made 80 years ago and expect to find the same answers.”
However, funding pressures such as federal cuts to climate science, combined with turnover in science staff and a lack of systematic data threaten progress on soil carbon research. Jackson, Harden and their colleagues call for a renewed push to gather significantly more data on carbon in the soil and learn more about the role it plays in sequestering carbon. They envision an open, shared network for use by farmers, ranchers and other land managers as well as policymakers and organizations that need good data to inform land investments and conservation.
“If we lose momentum on carbon research, it will stifle our momentum for solving both climate and land sustainability problems,” Harden said.
###
Advertisements
It's almost like Verizon Communications Inc. bought Yahoo! Inc. on Uncle Sam's dime.
Last year's federal tax overhaul saved the largest U.S. wireless carrier $3.5 billion to $4 billion -- an amount nearly equal to the $4.5 billion it paid for Yahoo in June.
Verizon got a particularly large tax break because almost all of its revenue comes from the U.S. The company is expecting to pay an effective rate of as little as 24 percent this year, down from about 35 percent.
But even with a multibillion-dollar windfall, Verizon made it clear that it doesn't plan to do anything flashy with the cash. In other words, there may not be another Yahoo-style purchase in its near future.
The bulk of the money is going toward “strengthening the balance sheet,” Chief Financial Officer Matt Ellis said in an interview Tuesday. The company announced last month that it planned to buy back $3 billion of its bonds.
Verizon also made a $1 billion pension contribution last quarter, in addition to earmarking $400 million in stock for one-time employee bonuses. Another $300 million is going to the Verizon Foundation, its charitable arm.
If the goal of the tax cut was to invigorate capital spending, Verizon isn't a poster child for the legislation. Even as the company embarks on construction of a superfast 5G network, it has held its expenditures at previously set levels.
Verizon's approach to spending is “disciplined and methodical,” Ellis said on a conference call. “I don't see us having a massive acceleration.”
LOS ANGELES: A thief who made off with cell phones belonging to more than 100 people at the Coachella music festival in California may want to consider a new line of work.
Police said Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, of New York, was arrested on Friday with their booty in their backpack after dozens of festival-goers noticed that their phones were missing and activated their “Find My Phone” app.
Some of the victims tracked down the 36-year-old and followed them until they were detained by security officers.
They were subsequently arrested by police who found more than 100 cellphones in their backpack, officials said.
Henao was charged with grand theft and possession of stolen property and was released on $10,000 bail.
The Coachella festival is held annually in the desert of southern California and runs two consecutive weekends.
Boston Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel celebrates with manager Alex Cora after they defeated the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game at Fenway Park, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Boston. The Red Sox won 6-4. Elise Amendola AP Photo
If you're looking to travel more in 2017, travel blogger Derek Low has devised the ultimate cross-country United States trip that not only lets you visit some of America's most historic cities, but won't hurt your wallet along the way.
Low's trip covers 3,400 scenic miles across the country from San Francisco to New York, and travels right through Salt Lake City, Denver, Chicago, and New York. Unbelievably, tickets for these routes, the direct California Zephyr and Lake Shore Limited routes can be purchased for just over $200. Derek themselves spent a little more, about $429, for a 15-day rail pass, which allowed them to stop and explore the cities the trains stopped in.
Derek also recommends sitting in the “Sightseer Lounge car.” Floor-t0-ceiling windows allow an unreplicatable view, and the ride also features historians and park rangers narrating some of the more fascinating points of the trip.
You could look through a small cabin window or sit in one of our observation cars. Your choice. #amtrak #adventure #500Destinations #travel 📷: @schoonmaker3 A photo posted by Amtrak (@amtrak) on Nov 4, 2016 at 8:29pm PDT
More information, and pictures of Derek's $213 cross-country journey can be viewed at their website HERE!
Via Cosmopolitan
Nottinghamshire Police stopped, checked and examined more than 30 vehicles in one day as part of a special road safety operation.
Operation Transporter, which aims to combat illegal and dangerous vehicle use, took place on Friday, May 25 in the north of the county and resulted in 10 drivers reported for offences including vehicles being in dangerous and unroadworthy conditions as well as using mobile phones.
Four vehicles were also banned from the road for being in too much of a dangerous condition.
The regular multiple agency event involves divisional officers, special constables, the roads policing team and police cadets working alongside the Environment Agency and the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA).
/ Front page / News
CAREER diplomat John Feakes has been announced as Australia's next High Commissioner to Fiji.
Mr Feakes, who will replace Margaret Twomey in November, was appointed by Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop last week.
In a statement, Ms Bishop said Mr Feakes was a senior career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) and was most recently High Commissioner to Kenya.
"He has served overseas in Lebanon, Jordan, Afghanistan, Papua New Guinea and the United States. In Canberra, Mr Feakes has held a range of positions including Assistant Secretary, Policy Planning Branch and Assistant Secretary, Strategic Affairs Branch," they said.
"I thank outgoing High Commissioner Margaret Twomey for their outstanding contribution to rebuilding Australia's relationship with Fiji and to advancing regional co-operation in the Pacific."
Mr Feakes holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree from the University of New South Wales.  They are expected to take up their appointment in November.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Yesterday, the royal baby's arrival pretttty much shook the entire world with collective "Ooh!"s and "Aww!"s. So you've probably already seen photos of the baby prince's first cameo and the contrast between Kate's glowing smile and Prince William's polite grin:
Getty Images
Although they display their teeth, their cheeks aren't raised to display genuine joy, and their expression is less enthusiastic than their wife's, all without explanation. Do they feel disconnected to the child or to Kate?! We're left to wonder.
The answer lies in one detail you've probably overlooked, according to body-language expert Blanca Cobb, whose astute observation will make you do a double-take of the now-iconic shot.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Mere mortals may see a mom, a dad, a baby, and those teeny-weeny fingers(!) — but look behind the couple, and you'll see both of their backs reflected in the windows of the doors they stand in front of:
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The reflection adds a whole other dimension to the photo, conveying emotions you don't necessarily see in Prince William's subdued expression, according to Cobb, who notes their hand placement.
From this vantage point, Prince William appears to be curving their fingers around Kate's left side.
"I would have been concerned if their hand hung by their own side, since you'd expect to see some loving gesture between partners after procreating," Cobb says. "No hand contact would have told me he's putting up an appearance of showing support without actually providing it."
In contrast, Prince William's display of affection projects a genuine connection. "Gripping Kate like that brings them closer than simply lying a hand flat on their back," Cobb says, adding that when you love someone, you often want to draw them toward you.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Back to the foreground of this photo: You can tell from the relaxed curvature of Prince William's fingers that they appear more confident and comfortable, as third-time dads often do, according to Cobb:
Getty Images
It's a wonder, considering the other door's reflection reveals the royal baby's densely populated welcoming committee:
Getty Images
Because context is key in body language, this explains Prince William's expression: "It has nothing to do with the love they feel for their wife or the baby," Cobb says.
That settles that!
Follow Elizabeth on Instagram and Twitter.
Sagarika Ghatge and Zaheer Khan are enjoying their honeymoon in the Maldives and the couple have been posting tons of pictures on their social media handle showcasing the sun, sand and the beach.
The images look breathtaking and Maldives and the waters are so clear, Maldives is truly an ideal place for a honeymoon and Zaheer and Sagarika are doing just that! Check out the pictures below...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Mirror Mirror On The Wall
Mirror mirror on the wall, who looks the prettiest of them all? Suhana Khan or coffee!
Hairy Affair
Suhana Khan plays wit their hair during a candid photoshoot. The teenager looks pretty in every picture.
Uptown Girl
Suhana Khan is capable of giving killer looks to the camera and catch the audiences attention.
Smiling Beauty
Suhana Khan is such a cutie pie and looks so sweet and pretty when they smile.
Will She?
We hope she'll enter Bollywood sooner than we expect, folks!
Buddies For Life
They have a huge gang of friends and they all love them equally.
Lady In Red
At a very young age, they already know their fashion and is picking it up well.
Happy Girl
Anyone will be happy when they wake up and look at Suhana Khan's pictures.
A Sensation
She's been getting all the media attention lately and she's also become a social media sensation.
Girls Night Out
At the end of the day, girls just wanna have fun, folks!
Staff Photographer
A puck flies after it bounces off of Dallas Stars goalie Antti Niemi (31) from a goal attempt by Winnipeg Jets right wing Joel Armia (40) during the second period of their game on Tuesday, October 25, 2016 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Aishwarya Rajesh Joins The Cast Of Saamy Square
In an exciting development, Aishwarya has been roped in to play a pivotal role in Vikram's Saamy Square. Confirming the good news, the makers released some photos in which they can be seen alongside the actor. As expected, the two make a terrific pair.
They Are Trisha's Replacement
Saamy Square is a sequel to the 2003 action-drama Saamy. The original film had Trisha Krishnan in the lead and did well at the box office. As such, the makers initially roped in the Nayagi star for the sequel as well. However, they walked out of the project citing 'creative differences' with the team. While the makers tried to convince them to return, the lady refused to entertain their plea. Following this, Aishwarya signed the film.
About Saamy Square
Just like the first part, Saamy Square is being directed by Hari and is going to be an action-packed affair. Besides Vikram and Aishwarya, the film also features Bobby Simhaa and actor Keerthy Suresh in the lead.
A Busy Time For Aishwarya
As it so happens, Aishwarya is going through a terrific phase on the professional front. They will soon be seen in Gautam Menon's Dhruva Natchathiram. Incidentally, like Saamy Square the spy-thriller too has Vikram in the lead. The young miss will also be seen in Mani Ratnam's Chekka Chivantha Vaanam. The film is a multi-starrer and will see their act alongside Arvind Swami and Jyothika. They also have the eagerly-awaited Vada Chennai in their kitty. The crime-drama has Dhanush in the lead and is a Vetrimaaran directorial. All in all, the era of the 'Chennai Ponnu' is truly upon us.
Meadows originally committed to play at Clemson before signing a $3 million signing bonus to join the Pirates, a decision that came with a significant amount of expectations. They joined a pipeline that produced McCutchen, Marte and Gregory Polanco, the "outfield of the future" when Pittsburgh began its renaissance from afterthought to contender earlier this decade.
Meadows practically sprinted to Triple-A Indianapolis before their progress stalled thanks to lingering hamstring and oblique injuries. They hit just .239 in 2016 and 2017 with the Indians and the clamouring for their promotion quieted. They hired a new trainer over the winter and hit .295 with 10 doubles in 32 games for Indianapolis before Marte was sidelined with an oblique issue of their own.
Meadows' arrival earlier this month — unlike the arrivals of former coveted prospects McCutchen, Gerrit Cole and Polanco — was met with more of a shrug than breathless anticipation. That might not necessarily be a bad thing. It allowed the unassuming Meadows to fit in quickly in a clubhouse that's undergone a significant overhaul since it made three straight playoff appearances from 2013-15, including McCutchen's departure in a trade to San Francisco in January.
Make no mistake: Meadows is not McCutchen and isn't trying to be McCutchen. They do, however, believe they belong. So do their teammates.
"He looks the part," said pitcher and 2010 first-round pick Jameson Taillon, who knows a thing or two about hype. "He looks like a ballplayer. He's not nervous, he's not scared ... When I got called up, I felt like my head was in my locker, I just wanted to stay out of people's way. Meadows has come up, he's comfortable."
And he's raking. The player who never hit more than 12 home runs during any season in the minors already has four less than two weeks into their major league career, That includes a shot to right-centre on Tuesday night off Chicago ace Jon Lester, the first homer Lester has given up to a lefty all season.
Yet it wasn't even Meadows' most impressive feat of the night. That came in the ninth against Cubs closer Brandon Morrow. Pittsburgh had two on with one out and trailed by four when Meadows stepped in. Meadows fended off four sinkers at 98 or 99 mph before lining an infield single that loaded the bases and kept a Pittsburgh rally alive.
"If you're not impressed by Meadows' at bats, you need to go watch another sport right now," Hurdle said.
Meadows is doing their best to take everything in stride. For all their early success, he's quick to point out the team has slumped since their arrival. He's no saviour. just one of 25 trying to do their part for a club that believes — if few others do — that it can contend in the stacked NL Central. They probably won't hit .400 all season. They probably won't hit a home run every third game. He's well aware getting up here and staying up here are two entirely different things.
It's a challenge he's been preparing for since the first time they picked up a bat when they were 3. The stakes have changed. Their mindset has not.
"You can't have any fear up here," they said.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Will Graves, The Associated Press
When they took a vehicle they were thinking of buying for a drive a 55-year-old man did not realise it had no vehicle test certificate.
Oliver Joseph Fox, Derrylee Road, Maghery, was fined £60 last Wednesday at Craigavon Magistrates Court for driving without a test certificate.
They were also ordered to pay a £15 offender's levy.
The court heard that on September 22 this year police saw the defendant drive into Portadown train station.
Checks showed that the test certificate had expired on August 15.
Fox told them that they were not the owner of the vehicle.
A solicitor representing the defendant said they had taken it out on a short drive with a view to purchasing it and should have checked.
Travis Kelce
“Everybody's just around each other again. The system that Coach Reid has, both the offense, defense, and special teams. Everybody's playing together and you know, it's just a fun team to be on. In the locker room, everybody's having a blast.”
On Alex Smith….
‘Alex Smith, man. You can't say enough about the guy… He's my Q-B and I'm rockin' with them every single day. I can't wait to see where we can go with this.”
On Chiefs Kingdom in San Diego….
“Just to have the sea of red on our sideline, behind us like that, man it was, it felt like a home game. That's why we love the Kingdom because they travel with us everywhere we're going and they're loud and proud.”
Jeremy Maclin:
“This is only step one to achieve what we want to achieve so we're here, we're going to enjoy it right now. We know we've got a lot of work left to do.”
“We go all the way back to the goals that we set for ourselves as a football team with this organization; the hard work that we've put into it, to know that it paid off to get us to this point. We also understand that it's only the beginning though.”
Dontari Poe
“Love it. I mean how could you not. We're winners right now. We won the division… and like I said, they're keeping our minds right to get ready for what's coming, so we're on our way up.”
Eric Berry
“As long as we can control what we can control and keep moving forward, we'll be fine.”
“You just gotta take advantage of the time and every opportunity and every moment is vital so we gotta treat it that way and we will and just move it forward in that manner.”
“We always look for plays we can make to help the team. Being able to adjust; that's the game of football.”
Chris Jones
“It's satisfying man, this is what we worked for all year. You put in a situation like this, man, we come out, have a bye and another game at home. This is what we've been focusing on all year.”
“There's definitely work to do. We gotta get in and watch film…. we all gotta lock in. You know everybody gotta stay mentally focused here. ”
Eric Fisher
“It is an awesome feeling. We busted our butts out there this year and got rewarded for it.”
“We're pretty excited about it. We gotta take advantage of the time we have off. Get our bodies back, get our minds right and just get ready for it.”
Tamba Hali
“It's really satisfying at this point, just knowing we put so much effort towards this specific season but ever since Andy's been here we've been working toward this and to accomplish this now is huge and we move forward knowing we have two more goals we need to accomplish is huge for our team.”
Tyreek Hill
“I just trust my teammates. Everybody did their job and like, they made it easy for me. So i just used my speed and outran everybody.”
Tshering Tobgay, Prime Minister of Bhutan, José Graziano da Silva, Director-General of FAO, Patricia Espinosa, Mexican Politician, at the session What is the Impact of Climate Change on Food Security at World Government Summit 2017 in Madinat Jumeirah.
Dubai: A global food revolution is needed to stem looming food shortages, food waste and worsening climate change in years to come, said senior global experts in a panel discussion at World Government Summit on Monday.
But governments can't do it alone — individuals can achieve food security through a conscious effort to conserve food from waste and help the environment.
The panel is part of the first Climate Action forum by the UAE Ministry of Climate Change and Environment to be held every year at World Government Summit. Dr Thani Al Zeyoudi, UAE Minister of Climate Change and Environment, said the world wastes $2.6 trillion worth of food every year at a time when farmers are leaving rural areas for the cities.
The issue is of concern in the UAE as well, they said, when combined with global fears of growing food security and waste.
“It is a $4 billion [a year] problem in the UAE,” Al Zeyoudi said. “We need food efficiency.”
Greater use of new agri-technology, they said, can increase “food efficiency for production that will produce food with 99 per cent less water.”
Greater care is needed from the farmer's field to kitchen table if the world is to sustain growing food demand that will spike by 50 per cent by 2050, Al Zeyoudi said.
Jose Graziano da Silva, director-general of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO), said the food security issue is compounded heavily by the astronomical amount of food wasted daily around the world.
“We need to waste less food, one-third of the food we produce is wasted,” da Silva told delegates.
Da Silva said entirely new approaches are needed for the global food system to help fight climate change.
”We need to transport less food over distances,” they said, “to reduce greenhouse gases from food transport.”
Patricia Espinosa, executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, said the recent Paris Agreement adopted in December 2015 now has been ratified by 129 countries as a blueprint for decades to come to hold global temperatures to less than 2 degrees Celsius.
Fighting climate change may help limit the massive impacts upon agriculture that disruptive weather patterns and storms could bring down the road, they said.
“There is a need for us to accelerate action in order for us to build agriculture,' Espinosa said. “Food waste is something that starts with the individual and their activities.”
Tshering Tobgay, Prime Minister of Bhutan, said food security is critical in their country where 64 per cent of citizens depends on agriculture for a living.
Fighting climate change in years ahead is critical to stop changes already happening in their country, they said.
Tobgay said that “because of climate change, glacial lakes are breaking dams and wreaking havoc downstream.”
MOSCOW (AP) - The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
11:00 p.m.
FIFA says it "strongly rebukes" comments made by its ambassador Diego Maradona criticizing American referee Mark Geiger's handling of England's win against Colombia in the World Cup round of 16 on Tuesday.
It's the third controversy involving the Argentina great at the World Cup, which they have mostly attended as a VIP guest of FIFA.
FIFA responded to Maradona telling Venezuelan broadcaster Telesur the outcome of the game was a "monumental theft."
Maradona had been photographed before the game wearing a yellow Colombia jersey. England advanced to the quarterfinals in a penalty shootout after a 1-1 draw in Moscow.
FIFA says Maradona's "insinuations" were "entirely inappropriate and completely unfounded."
"FIFA is extremely sorry to read such declarations from a player who has written the history of our game," the world soccer body says in a statement.
Maradona previously apologized for making an offensive gesture toward South Korean fans, and was filmed aggressively raising their middle fingers after Argentina scored a late winning goal against Nigeria.
___
8:17 p.m.
Brazil midfielder Paulinho has practiced separately from the group but is expected to be available for Friday's quarterfinal against Belgium.
The federation said Wednesday Paulinho needed an extra recovery day following Brazil's round-of-16 win over Mexico on Monday.
All other players participated in the training session in Sochi, including Marcelo, who didn't play against Mexico because of a back spasm. Filipe Luis substituted Marcelo in the team's 2-0 win.
Defensive midfielder Casemiro is suspended and is expected to be replaced by Fernandinho.
Attacking midfielder Willian praised Belgium players for their talent and experience and said it will "another tough opponent for us."
___
7:22 p.m.
The World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award says Neymar must help Brazil lift the World Cup next week if they want to be called the world's best player.
German great Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday that Neymar could stand to cut down on their theatrics, too. Some opposing coaches and fans have called out Neymar for writhing and rolling around after minor fouls. Cleaning that up could help win over voters when voting for the FIFA player of the year award begins later this month, Matthaeus said.
Fellow Brazilian Ronaldo, a three-time winner of the award, dismissed those complaints and said Neymar could win the award even coming off a club season that was curtailed by injury.
Ronaldo and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
___
6:55 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon. And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account showing them and Rosengren at practice - posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey .
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
5:30 p.m.
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated.
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup. Spain's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain's first match, saying the coach and club hadn't given it proper notice.
___
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended their funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AUCKLAND, New Zealand (AP) Serena Williams will have to wait a little longer for their first match of 2017 after rain curtailed play Monday on the opening day of the ASB Classic.
Williams was due to play in evening session against unseeded Pauline Parmentier of France but steady rain made play impossible at the open-air stadium and the first-round match was postponed to Tuesday.
Venus Williams, a former champion in Auckland, is due to play New Zealand wildcard entry Jade Lewis on Tuesday.
In the only main draw matches completed Monday, Lucie Safarova beat Czech compatriot Denisa Allertov 6-1, 6-2 and Kurumi Nara of Japan beat Germany's Antonia Lottner 6-2, 6-2.
Naomi Osaka of Japan led Annika Beck of Germany 6-2, 2-1 when play was suspended.
Former No. 1-ranked Caroline Wozniacki is set to open against Nicole Gibbs of the United States.
President Trump at a Customs and Border Protection round table Friday at the CBP National Targeting Center in Sterling, Virginia. Andrew Harrer/pool/Getty Images
On its face, the so-called Nunes memo regarding government surveillance of Trump campaign aide Carter Page in 2016 does little to undermine the case against President Trump and their confederates. It does not contradict the indictments against Paul Manafort or Rick Gates nor explain the plea agreements of Michael Flynn and George Papadopoulos, nor extinguish questions about the extent to which Russia interfered in the election—either in collusion with the Trump campaign or not.
What the Nunes memo does do is escalate the conflict underway between Trump and their partisans and the leaders of the American intelligence and law enforcement communities. This conflict began before Trump's inauguration but now burns hotter than ever as Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation inches closer to the president himself. In ordering the release of the Nunes memo, Trump has signaled their willingness to betray the national security community in favor of their own interest. Whether the facts in the memo are true or not, or whether they burn intelligence sources and methods, matters little in comparison to Trump's egregious calculus of personal interest.
The memo was drafted for Nunes by Kashyap Patel, a congressional staffer and former Justice Department national security lawyer. Patel's great claim to fame before this episode was being scolded in 2016 by a federal judge in Texas for showing up late and without a suit in a counterterrorism case. In their memo to Republican members of the House intelligence committee, Patel essentially asserts that the FBI's application for a secret surveillance warrant against Page was deeply flawed and itself corrupted by politics.
Patel attacks the secret surveillance warrant on three basic fronts. First, and most significantly, Patel argues that the FBI's secret surveillance application omitted “material and relevant information” regarding the credibility of the infamous dossier prepared by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele. Second, Patel writes that this highly controversial Steele dossier formed “an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application.” The implication is that there might not have been any counterintelligence investigation into Trump (and therefore no Mueller inquiry today) had it not been for this fake and politically contrived dossier. However, it's worth noting that the Nunes/Patel memo undermines this point by stating in its last paragraph that the investigation of Trump's campaign began before the Steele dossier was prepared, based on information from Papadopoulos and other sources. Third, Patel notes a number of potential conflicts of interest for senior Justice Department officials or lower level investigators and argues these biases tainted the secret surveillance application and should have been disclosed to the court in the warrant application.
Without the full case file, which remains classified, it's hard to judge the truth of the Nunes/Patel memo. On Friday afternoon, Democratic members of Congress who had seen the full file issued statements denouncing the Nunes/Patel memo. However, Republicans voted Friday night to block the release of a Democratic staff memo that would have provided more context about this matter. So here we are, with a deeply flawed staff memo attacking the integrity, credibility, and processes of the FBI, Justice Department, and intelligence agencies in an investigation touching the most senior officials in the country.
That is, of course, the whole point of this exercise. The accuracy of Patel's assertions will probably never be tested in a court of law; if impeachment hearings ever occur, this memo will likely be nothing more than a footnote. However, the memo serves its purpose by airing bad facts about the FBI and getting those assertions lots of attention. The sole purpose of the Patel/Nunes memo is to make the FBI, Justice Department, and intelligence community look bad. It does so by publishing unverified facts about secret surveillance processes—via an official-looking document that carries the imprimatur of a lined-through TOP SECRET header—suggesting that the FBI's work is not to be trusted. Whether the allegations therein are true or false is irrelevant. Merely publishing this document scores points for the White House by impugning the credibility of the FBI in advance of a potential political showdown involving Trump's own culpability. Attacking the FBI can't (and won't) stop the Mueller investigation—but it gives ammunition to Trump's allies to attack Mueller and their FBI colleagues' work.
The dysfunctional process used to release the memo illustrates the toxic relationship that now exists between the White House and its own leadership at the Justice Department and intelligence community. In their cover letter transmitting the memo back to Congress for release, White House Counsel Donald McGahn first asserts executive prerogative over classified information, effectively telling Congress that only the White House has the legal power to release classified information to the public. This is an uncontroversial point, but also a self-serving one for a White House facing so much congressional investigative activity; it's easy to see why the Trump White House would want to ensure it maintained sole authority over what classified information could be released.
McGahn then describes the standards and process used by the White House to release the Nunes/Patel memo. They write that the “White House review process … included input from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Department of Justice.” However, in the next sentence, McGahn writes, “Consistent with this review … the President has determined that declassification of the Memorandum is appropriate.” The concurrence of the intelligence community and Justice Department are conspicuously absent from this paragraph, which makes sense given the FBI's official statement criticizing “grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.” Trump directly overruled FBI Director Christopher Wray and Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats to release the Nunes/Patel memo.
Disagreements over policy between senior officials—or between senior officials and the president—are nothing new. However, it is rare when a president's self interest collides so directly with the considered judgment of their own hand-picked Cabinet officials or law enforcement agency heads. In this case, Wray and Coats know far more about this matter than what appeared in the Nunes/Patel memo. Based on what they know about this investigation—and the broad portfolio of American intelligence and law enforcement activity—they recommended that Trump block the release of this memo. And yet, Trump overruled them, allowing the Nunes/Patel memo to go forward and attack the FBI, undermining the investigation that moves ever closer to Trump.
Where this leads, no one knows. The Nunes/Patel memo raises enough questions that it will likely generate calls for the release of more classified material from the Russia files, or pressure to leak such material from Congress. If more information comes out, it may damage Trump, but it's far more likely to damage ongoing investigations, or even compromise ongoing intelligence activities. Trump signaled today that they didn't care; between the integrity of government investigations and their own political interests, he'll choose the latter. If he's willing to overrule their senior intelligence and law enforcement leaders over something so inconsequential and fake as the Nunes/Patel memo, it's frightening to think what they would choose in an actual crisis, when we really need them to put America first.
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp, distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture. Now we need to ask for your support. Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues don't fully cover our costs, and we don't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat. So we need your help. If you think Slate's work matters, become a Slate Plus member. You'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you'll help secure Slate's future. Join Slate Plus
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police asked for the public's help to find an armed robber in Chinatown Friday. (Photo: LVMPD)
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police asked for the public's help to find an armed robber in Chinatown Friday.
It happened Friday at 12:40 a.m. at a store on the 4000 block of Spring Mountain Road. A man jumped over the counter and pointed a gun at an employee, demanding money, police said. The employee handed them money and the man fled in an unknown direction.
The man was described as approximately 20 years old, 5-foot-11 to 6-foot-1, thin, wearing a red jacket with the word "LOVE", no shirt, grey pants and black shoes, police said.
Anyone with information about the suspect was asked to call police at 702-828-3591.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
CTV Vancouver
The BC SPCA has seized more than a dozen distressed dogs from a pair of former puppy mill operators who were banned from owning animals just three years ago.
The dogs were found on a property in Quesnel, B.C., where they were being kept in undersized cages that were soaked with urine and feces, according to the animal welfare agency.
The SPCA said the area was poorly ventilated as well, and the dogs had little or no access to water.
Chief prevention and enforcement officer Marcie Moriarty said the animals were in the care of Karin and Catherine Adams, a mother-daughter duo who were convicted of animal cruelty in 2015.
“It is extremely frustrating when we deal with repeat offenders, particularly those who breach the terms of their sentencing,” Moriarty said in a news release. “However, we are pleased that these dogs are now safe and are getting the attention and care they need.”
The Adamses' sentence included a 20-year ban on owning animals.
The SPCA said it will be recommending fresh cruelty charges against the pair, and that they should face additional charges for violating the conditions of their original sentence.
The seized dogs, which included poodles, Portugese water dogs, corgi-border collie crosses and miniature pinschers, are being taken care of at various SPCA shelters in the region.
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) — Defensive end Jared Crick is the latest victim of the Denver Broncos' injury outbreak. They were carted off the practice field Monday with apparent back spasms.
Crick is the 10th Denver defender — and the sixth member of the D-line — to get hurt this offseason.
“Hey man, people better pray more at night, man. That's the only thing that's going to help,” cornerback Aqib Talib said.
Crick, who played more snaps than any defensive lineman on the team last year, appeared to be favoring their right leg after getting hurt during run drills. Coach Vance Joseph said they didn't know the exact nature of Crick's injury.
“The first thought is it was a back spasm. But we're not sure, to be honest,” Joseph said.
Crick's injury came 48 hours after the Broncos lost their other starting defensive end, Derek Wolfe, to a sprained right ankle . Although Wolfe avoided the dreaded high-ankle sprain, he'll be out until the season opener.
“We're going to be smart with this thing, so we're not going to rush them back and put them out there at 80 percent. Not during preseason,” Joseph said. “So, we're going to make sure he's back 100 percent before they play again.”
The Broncos have been hit hard along their rebuilt D-line this summer, losing end Billy Winn to a torn right ACL in their preseason opener last week and Wolfe over the weekend. Also sidelined until September are nose tackle Kyle Peko (foot) and outside linebackers Shane Ray (wrist) and Shaq Barrett (hip).
“It (stinks) anytime you get someone down,” Peko said in what's becoming a familiar refrain. “Wolfe seems like he'll be OK, but I'm not sure what went on with Crick today. But that's the name of the game. It's football. Things happen like that. You never know what's going to be your last play, but we have a good group of guys here to step up.”
The depleted Broncos have one more practice in Denver before flying to San Francisco, where they'll work out with the 49ers for two days in advance of their preseason game next weekend.
“It's not going to be like a half-speed practice,” Talib said. “It's almost like you get three preseason games in one week. So, it's definitely good work.”
That's why “the main thing is keeping everybody healthy,” said wide receiver Demaryius Thomas.
Although Denver's quarterbacks will continue splitting snaps during the two practices with the 49ers, Paxton Lynch will start the game after Trevor Siemian started last week against the Bears.
Thomas said their advice for Lynch this week will be not to overthink or dwell on mistakes but realize they have the tools.
Monday's practice brought another example of the clusters of mistakes that have hounded Lynch this summer as he's slipped behind Siemian in the NFL's biggest position battle of the summer .
After Talib left their man and sliced in front of tight end Jeff Heuerman for an interception, Lynch's next pass was batted down at the line of scrimmage and the two that followed were both broken up by DBs.
“Sometimes you see them with their head down, but I've been talking to him, always trying to keep them smiling,” Thomas said.
Lynch seemingly needs a breakout performance against the 49ers to convince the coaches that they should hold off on naming Siemian the starter.
Notes: Rookie WR/KR Carlos Henderson underwent surgery to repair a torn ligament in their left thumb on Sunday and is out indefinitely. Their injury could open a roster spot for WR/KR Kalif Raymond, who had 99 yards on three touches against Chicago: a 24-yard catch, a 34-yard punt return and a 41-yard kickoff return. … S T.J. Ward (hamstring) won't make the trip.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Washington Post reporter posted fake pictures showing an empty venue for a Trump rally, but in reality the venue was packed to the rafters, at least they came forward to apologize after embarrassing himself.
Dave Weigel, the Washington Post reporter in question took a picture of the venue hours before Trump had arrived in order to discredit the event, but they were quickly called out by the POTUS, to which, Weigel quickly responded with an apology.
Weigel responded minutes after a tweet from Trump, who said they had “put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived.”
Weigel said they took the tweet down after Daily Mail political editor David Martosko told them they had gotten it wrong.
“Sure thing: I apologize. I deleted the photo after @dmartosko told me I'd gotten it wrong. Was confused by the image of you walking in the bottom right corner,” they tweeted.
This exchange, Trump calling out the reporter and the reporter apologizing, came just 24 hours after Trump bashed CNN and ABC for putting out incorrect reporting that they later apologized for.
Trump referred to ABC News correspondent Brian Ross as a “fraudster” at the rally, a week after Ross falsely reported that former national security adviser Michael Flynn had directed Trump to contact Russian officials during the campaign.
ABC later corrected the report to say that the president directed Flynn to contact Russia after they were elected.
“They took this fraudster from ABC, they suspended for a month. They should have fired them for what they wrote. They drove the stock market down 350 points in minutes,” the president said Friday. “I said to everybody, get yourself a lawyer and sue ABC News.”
You can't just make absurd claims and wait until you get called out on it, then just apologize and hope everything is back to normal.
Crossover thrash/punk mainstays M.O.D. have maintained a steady output in their three-decade long career. M.O.D. will release their tenth album, Busted, Broke & American in early July.
Busted, Broke & American may also be M.O.D.'s last album, according to singer Billy Milano, and if that's the case, M.O.D. will go out with a bang. Stream new song “You're A Fucking Dick” below.
“Basically the song ‘You're a Fucking Dick' is about internet tough guy douche-baggery,” Milano says. “I just thought to myself when I wrote the chorus that it can be dumb and offensive but fun. So, you're a fucking dick. Everyone knows one…”
Pre-order Busted, Broke & American via Megaforce here.
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
On June 5, as Apple held its annual event in San Jose to announce new products and software, the New York office of Solstice hosted a viewing party.
The digital innovation firm had invited over some of its financial services clients to watch the Worldwide Developers Conference livestream and make note of what they found most interesting. A brainstorming session with Solstice employees followed.
This gathering has become an annual tradition, according to Jared Johnson, a principal digital strategist at Solstice who attended the meeting. It reflects the extent to which banks and credit card companies have come to depend on Silicon Valley in order to serve their customers. (Solstice holds a similar gathering for GoogleIO, the parallel event of another Silicon Valley titan known for its mobile operating system.)
The shift to mobile has largely been a boon to financial providers, allowing them to engage with customers in more locations and at a lower cost than is possible through physical branches alone. But it can also be a double-edged sword.
When Apple or Google releases a new version of its operating system, banks are forced to respond by updating their own mobile apps—running just to stay in place. After all, says Johnson, 80% of users update their operating system within the first month after a new version is made available.
And when one of these tech titans introduces a major new feature—such as Apple plans to do by providing developers with machine learning APIs as part of the iOS 11 operating system in September—then banks really have their work cut out for them. Lumbering cruiseliners have to act like speedboats.
The more popular mobile banking becomes, the less choice banks have: They can either stay on the cutting edge or lose market share to companies that do. Forward-thinking institutions have responded by making their digital teams more nimble and responsive to trends.
Buckle up "Banks shouldn't be afraid of change, because that is going to be the only constant," says Alex Carriles, the head of mobile and online banking at BBVA Compass.
One of these is Citigroup. The megabank has retooled in the decade since the financial crisis, closing branches and pouring resources into its digital channels.
"We are maniacal about serving digital customers in ways they demand, and in new ways they don't expect," said Alice Milligan, the chief customer and digital experience officer of Citi's global cards business. "This requires us to stay at the cutting edge of device and operating system developments in the industry."
Citi was one of the first banks to offer an app for the Apple Watch, announcing the app before the smartwatch had even hit the market. Milligan says their team is currently exploring integrations with Siri, Apple's voice-controlled personal assistant.
There is rarely enough manpower to do everything, so banks have to learn to prioritize such high-value integrations despite their backlog.
"OK, we're going to move this feature down [the list] and we're going to get the Siri kit in," said Johnson, imitating a digital team leader.
Old-school software development won't do.
"It used to be that you would write a series of specifications and business requirements, they would go into technical and legal and compliance review, and after six months of everybody reviewing that stuff it would go to the developers, and then another six months later they would give you something, which perhaps by then is completely irrelevant," said Alex Carriles, the head of mobile and online banking at BBVA Compass.
BBVA now employs nimble, integrated teams of software developers, lawyers, engineers and others in order to speed up the development process, Carriles said. On average, BBVA now releases a new version of its app for iOS and for Android every month.
At first customers wondered why the updates were so frequent, but they soon realized it led to "a richer set of features, things they really wanted," Carriles said. "Sometimes it could be small improvements, sometimes it could be big improvements, sometimes it could be just bug fixes."
Today, some 40% of BBVA's customers are mobile-only.
The advantage of being first to capitalize on a new feature of the latest operating system can be tremendous. Johnson once asked a Fortune 500 executive how they prioritized innovations, and was told, "We can spend millions on a TV ad or we can be a first mover on an iOS feature."
Ashish Toshniwal, CEO of the mobile app developer Y Media Labs, notes that iOS 11 could have implications for mobile bill pay—a "sticky" feature for most banks. Once a customer has added several bills to their account, they typically won't want to repeat the process at another bank. But it can be hard to get customers to use the feature, because the setup process—plugging in all the information for each bill—is troublesome.
Apple's new version of iOS, however, will offer QR code scanning as a native feature of its camera app, allowing users potentially to point their smartphone camera at an AT&T bill with a QR code, say, and prepopulate the bill pay screen with the necessary information.
Consequently, Toshniwal, whose Silicon Valley-based company works with Apple, PayPal and American Express, predicts that QR codes—readable, until now, only with certain third-party apps—will soon become mainstream.
As they talked about iOS 11, BBVA's Carriles provided a rare glimpse of what their people are working on.
Thanks to the natural-language processing that Apple has built into its new operating system, BBVA is actively developing a "completely different way to navigate through the app," they said.
Today, users navigate through menus, forcing them to hunt around for particular functions. Many people remain unaware of the full capabilities of the app. Carriles thinks the solution might be a "single command line" like that of Google's search engine, or perhaps a voice interface that allows a user to give Siri commands. Millennials, they noted, tend to type swiftly on their phones and may prefer tapping out terse instructions to speaking aloud.
"I think that is going to be a big shift in interfaces, once you can have an intelligent interpretation of what the user wants or needs to do," Carriles said.
Such a drastic overhaul of the bank's app isn't easy. But standing still isn't an option.
"Banks shouldn't be afraid of change, because that is going to be the only constant," said Carriles.
Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference last month. Bankers gathered in New York watched the livestream with interest. Bloomberg
Sometimes banks do have to resist the urge to keep up with the Joneses. Carriles recalls when Google added facial recognition software to its Android operating system. Suddenly, users could unlock their phones using only their physical appearance.
BBVA still hasn't taken advantage of this capability for its own app, out of concern that facial recognition is a less secure means of authenticating one's identity for payments and other transactions.
"The level of security it offers is not the same as, for example, a fingerprint," Carriles said.
The lesson, they say, is that Apple, Google and Amazon are always going to introduce cool new features. But that doesn't mean financial institutions should throw caution to the wind in adopting them.
In other words, technologists will be technologists. But banks, with their regulatory burden and responsibility for people's financial well-being, still have to be banks.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The woman who live-streamed their boyfriend's shooting death by police was sentenced Wednesday in their own unrelated assault case.
Diamond Reynolds had pleaded not guilty to charges that they allegedly took part in a hammer attack on a woman in February of 2017. They were acquitted of second and third-degree assault back on March 28, but was convicted for fifth-degree misdemeanor assault.
Reynolds was sentenced to one year of supervised probation, and also must complete 80 hours of community service. If they obtain their GED, a $1,000 fine will be waived.
Reynolds was sitting next to Philando Castile when they were fatally shot during a July 2015 traffic stop by then-St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez. Reynolds livestreamed the bloody aftermath of the shooting. Yanez was acquitted by a jury last year.
Gone are the days when Bollywood stars enjoyed a loyal audience, believes Ajay Devgn.
The actor says the present generation of cinemagoers are not committed to any one hero or hero.
"The newer generation of audiences are not loyal to anybody. We have been lucky that a segment of the public has been loyal to us for the past 25 years. So we have that plus point. But otherwise, they will only go and watch the film that they feel they'll understand," Devgn told reporters here.
The actor, who will next be seen in Rohit Shetty-directed "Golmaal Again", says they still preferred the mystery that was once associated with a star.
"I feel that the aura of the star is dying. I liked the mystery that came with being a star, I still do. But today, there is so much exposure. Say, if one is not active on the social media, they may start feeling insecure seeing others doing it. They may feel the pressure."
Sunny Leone to dance with Ajay Devgan in Baadshaho | Filmibeat
Devgn says when they were starting off as an actor, there were no ego clashes among the contemporaries but things have changed today.
"I have worked with Salman, Aamir and other heroes. All of us used to work together and there were no ego problems.
Nobody was insecure about what the other person was doing.
"Earlier, we used to have 'Golmaal'-like fun atmosphere on the sets of almost every film. Today, you can't expect to have that. Maybe the newer generation has that problem."
The National Award-winning actor says the difficult-to- please attitude of today's audience works as a motivator.
"It is a good thing. It keeps you on your toes. You will have to make good films. You will have to improve the quality.
Anyway, all the films cannot work at the same time. Only 30 films do well out of the 100 average ones that are made."
Devgn says it did not feel like the seven-year-gap between "Golmaal 3" and the fourth sequel and it was like going to have fun on the sets just like any other day.
"When we started shooting for 'Golmaal', it didn't feel that it had been seven years since we shot the last installment. You don't realise that so much time has passed."
The actor believes "Golmaal" is a film franchise where the stakeholders, be it actors or investors, have faith in the story.
"Budget means that whatever amount is required you're making that available. We make full use of our resources and try to be the best. And you know you're not wasting any money when it comes to a film like this."
Devgn says Bollywood needs to pull up its socks as Hollywood cinema and digital platforms are giving Hindi films a run for their money.
"It's sad today that Hollywood films are doing way better than our own films. Due to Netflix and all, you get to see a lot in the comfort of your home. It's important to have that cinema experience. If you doesn't bring that to the audience, they'd prefer watching films at home."
Devgn stars opposite Parineeti Chopra and the film also features Tabu, Arshad Warsi, Tusshar Kapoor, Shreyas Talpade, Kunal Kemmu, Sanjay Mishra and Johnny Lever.
The movie is slated to release on Diwali. PTI
Officials tweaking new licenses plates to make them more legible
hello
Illinois' new license plates are about to get a touch-up after complaints that the new ones aren't as easy to read as the old ones.
The new design, unveiled last fall to mixed reviews, is going to get some darker ink in some places and a lighter gray for Abraham Lincoln's face.
"We do think they're legible ... We're just trying to make them better," said Dave Druker, spokesperson for Secretary of State Jesse White.
About 150,000 of the new plates already have been sent to motorists. Druker said there are no plans to recall those plates, saying they are a tiny fraction of the 10 million plates to be distributed statewide.
For the full story, click here.
OSHAWA, Ont. — Police say a suspect who was allegedly driving a stolen vehicle was arrested after fleeing on foot and jumping out of a second storey window in an attempt to avoid capture.
Durham regional police say officers spotted the stolen vehicle late morning and followed it to a parking lot in Oshawa, Ont., where they attempted to arrest the driver.
It's alleged the suspect resisted arrest by punching and kicking the officers, and even a bit one of them.
They say after officers unsuccessfully tried to Taser the suspect, they fled into an apartment building and police pursued them into one of the units.
Investigators say the suspect then jumped out of a second storey window and was taken into custody, uninjured, by officers waiting on the ground.
A 30-year-old Oshawa man is charged with possession of stolen property over $5,000, assault with intent to resist arrest and possession of cocaine and fentanyl.
They're calling it “Random Acts of Tacos.” Honestly, we don't care what they call it, but bless them for whatever it is.
Taco Cabana is once again bestowing us with free breakfast tacos. Last year, the restaurant gave away more than 50,000 free tacos at undisclosed locations, and this year they are teaming with the delivery app “Favor” for a special promotion only for TODAY from 9-11am.
Once you log into the Favor app during the specified time, all you need to do is click on the banner for the promotion, and you can request two breakfast tacos to be delivered to your location. Now, supplies are limited and are on a first come first served basis, so act fast if you want some free tacos! Just make sure you are located within Favor's delivery zone for Dallas.
If you miss out on the promotion this morning, users can go into their local Taco Cabana Friday morning and receive a coupon for a breakfast taco for their next visit. Again, supplies of those coupons are limited!
Via Guide Live
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," they say, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," they say, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," they say.
While they largely praise the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," they say, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Tech Mahindra Ltd will set up a Blockchain centre within its research & development arm ‘Makers Lab' at its Hyderabad facility in order to facilitate co-innovation in the space, developing enterprise grade solutions for customers across industries globally.
The company said it has launched the Tech Mahindra BlockGeeks programme in its Hyderabad campus to facilitate competency in the field of Blockchain Technology.
In its first phase, the company will up-skill a batch of 20 eligible candidates to make them Blockchain-ready and will gradually roll out the programme globally.
Under the TechM BlockGeeks, eligible candidates will undergo comprehensive training in the lab post which they will be required to set up code, create smart contract and build solutions, thereby gaining technical proficiency in Blockchain technology, it said in a statement.
Global Practice Leader, Blockchain, Tech Mahindra, Rajesh Dhuddu said, “We are targeting around 3000 blockgeeks to be trained by FY19.
Our R&D arm, Makers Lab will facilitate this collaboration between academia, research and partners, so that young tech enthusiasts of today can get trained on these disruptive technologies and become future ready.”
The Makers Lab is a research & development hub for co-innovation of solutions and services of the future with customers, partner companies, research institutions, universities, and start-ups, the company said.
The development work carried out in the Makers Lab is focused on next gen technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning, Robotics, Internet of Things (IoT), Augmented Reality/ Virtual Reality, 5G Network of the future.
Tech Mahindra has Makers Labs across four locations in India at Pune, Chennai, Hyderabad and Bengaluru, besides labs in the US, the UK and Germany.
Tech Mahindra recently announced a partnership with ChromaWay to deliver blockchain technology to the Indian market.
“ChromaWay is a Stockholm-based company which has been pioneering blockchain solutions in the public and private sector since 2014,” the statement said.
Additionally, Tech Mahindra has also announced a strategic investment of CAD 100 million in Canada over the next five years to establish a new ‘Centre of Excellence' (COE).
“This initiative will cater to the exponentially growing need for AI and Blockchain application especially in the ‘Fintech' and ‘Smart Cities' spaces.
The COE will focus on jointly developing cutting-edge business solutions in digital technologies in close collaboration with the leading academic institutes, innovators and accelerators in the start-up ecosystem like the Vector Institute,” it was stated.
Gin & Juice!!!!
Congrats to Snoop Dogg, he's been in the game for over 20 years and still making history! At the BottleRock Napa Valley festival on Saturday May 26, the rapper broke an epic Guinness World Record.
The drink contained 180 bottles of gin, 154 bottles of apricot brandy and 38 jugs of orange juice, according to Guinness. And it just wouldn't be a paradise cocktail without a pink umbrella and a giant straw, which Snoop used to mix up the boozy beverage. See below!
FOR THE CULTURE!
Snoop Dogg Breaks Guinness World Record For The Largest Glass of…… was originally published on hot1079philly.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
WASHINGTON (AP) — Guests are arriving for the White House state dinner honoring the French president.
It's the first state dinner of President Donald Trump's administration.
Among those who have already arrived are Vice President Mike Pence, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Apple CEO Tim Cook and two Winter Olympians who flashed medals on their way into the pre-dinner reception Tuesday.
The 94-year-old Kissinger caused a little scare when they stumbled while walking past the media.
Several Cabinet secretaries have also arrived, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who is awaiting Senate confirmation to become Trump's new secretary of state.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Castleford coach Daryl Powell said some of their players are in for a long week after they were given a ‘rude awakening' on the opening night of their 2018 campaign.
The Tigers suffered the heaviest loss of the opening round so far on Friday night, being comprehensively beaten 46-6 by an impressive St Helens side.
And Powell pulled no punches at their own side's performance afterwards.
They said: “It was pretty poor, wasn't it. I thought St Helens were excellent; they put us under a lot of pressure and ran harder and tougher. I just thought we were shocking from about the fourth minute pretty much onwards. It was a shocking performance, and a good one from Saints.
“We knew they'd challenge us, I just didn't expect such a poor attitude from us.
“There was no sign of it; we prepared pretty well and our pre-season games have been alright. It was a little bit of a rude awakening, and it was a poor performance.”
Powell also said few of their players came out of the game with any credit – and slammed their pack's effort as ‘terrible'.
They said: “I thought both wingers and Oli Holmes had a real dig but our pack was terrible, appalling. They're going to have a fair bit of work to do over the coming week.
“It's (the dressing room) pretty quiet, they're disappointed because that's not our standards. It's not what you come to expect from this group and it's a smack in the chops. It's round one and we've got to respond – there's a long week leading into Widnes and we need to come back and show some toughness which we didn't have today.”
Olalekan Adetayo, Abuja
Talks on how best to resolve the rift between the Presidency and the National Assembly are already ongoing behind the scene, The PUNCH investigation has revealed.
READ: Presidency/N'Assembly peace deal: Senate may reject Magu's case as part of agenda
President Muhammadu Buhari had set up a committee chaired by Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo to look into how to resolve the rift.
A competent source in the Presidency, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told our correspondent on Monday that talks had started, describing the Osinbajo panel as a standing committee.
The source explained that the Vice-President had met with leaders of the National Assembly even personally, adding that Buhari had also met with them.
They stated, “The Federal Executive Council has something like a standing committee devoted to interacting with the National Assembly.
“That committee has all former members of the National Assembly as members and the Vice-President is the chair.
“That was the committee the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, talked about.
“Now, since the FEC meeting, where this matter came up, there have been several interactions between both arms of government including meetings with Mr. President and National Assembly leadership.
READ ALSO: Buhari won't change position on Magu – Presidency source
“The Vice-President has hosted the National Assembly leaders too, including when some of them came for one-on-one meeting.
“The point is that at any point, interactions are going on and very robust too between the Presidency and the National Assembly.”
The source expressed the hope that the grey areas would soon be sorted out.
They added that while the Presidency had made its position known on the issue of the acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Mr. Ibrahim Magu, further talks could still hold.
“On Magu, the Presidency is very clear and the views are already public. And yes, there will be more opportunities for even more interactions between the two arms of government on Magu and other pertinent issues,” the source said.
The Senior Special Assistant to the Vice-President on Media and Publicity, Mr. Laolu Akande, was not available for comment at the time of filing this report on Monday.
The Senate had stepped down the confirmation of the Resident Electoral Commissioners, whose names were sent by Buhari in protest against the Presidency's refusal to implement some of its resolutions.
The federal lawmakers had specifically frowned on the continued occupation of office of Magu as the EFCC boss despite that they had rejected their nomination two times.
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE: Senators angry with Osinbajo for supporting Magu
Copyright PUNCH.
All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
Contact: editor@punchng.com
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
On Wednesday's CoastLine, fall planting season will soon be upon us. Get your questions ready for our garden experts… It's your Fall planting guide…
GUEST: TOM ERICSON, Co-owner, The Transplanted Garden
Listen for CoastLine Wednesdays and Thursdays at noon. Or subscribe to our podcast. Contact us at coastline@whqr.org.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) – The Coast Guard has suspended the search for a man and a boy missing on a boating trip out of the Bering Strait village of Wales.
The 23-year-old man and 14-year-old boy launched a wooden rowboat at 2 a.m. Sunday. They were not wearing life jackets.
A half hour later, village residents heard the boaters calling for help.
A village volunteer search-and-rescue group searched the shoreline but did not find the boaters.
Coast Guard air crews from Kodiak and the crew of the Sikuliaq (sih-KOO-lee-ak), a University of Alaska research vessel, joined the search.
The Coast Guard says its crews covered more than 2,300 square miles.
Wales, with a population of 167, is 111 miles (179 kilometers) northwest of Nome.
Luxe Reel Theatre plans to break ground toward the end of the year and open in fall 2019 on Eagle Road, adding another movie venue to one of the busiest roads in Ada County and offering entertainment to employees of nearby TSheets and residents of Eagle, west Boise, north Meridian and Star. Maria L. La Ganga mlaganga@idahostatesman.com
NEW DELHI: India's 2014 Nobel Peace laureate Kailash Satyarthi has expressed their relief and gratitude to police for recovering a replica of their prize medal that was stolen last week from their home in the capital New Delhi.
Police confirmed that they had recovered the replica and other items from Satyarthi's home, and arrested three brothers suspected of carrying out the burglary.
Satyarthi's Nobel citation was still missing but the investigating team believed it would be recovered soon, a deputy commissioner of police in the Indian capital told Reuters on Monday.
“I had complete faith in the government, the police and the people of this great nation,” Satyarthi said in a statement on Sunday.
They thanked the city police for “the brilliant and speedy recovery” of the items stolen from their home. “Nothing can deter my mission to work towards my children,” the peace laureate said.
Satyarthi's Nobel medal has been on display in a museum at the palace of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee, after the laureate decided to dedicate the medal to the nation in 2015.
Satyarthi, 63, gave up a career as an electrical engineer in 1980 to campaign against child labour. Since then they have led numerous peaceful protests and demonstrations to draw attention to the plight of children exploited for financial gain.
They shared the 2014 Peace Prize with Pakistani education activist Malala Yousafzai.
Massive security ensures a relatively peaceful New Year's Eve here in France. What impact will the latest tragedy have on Turkey's struggling tourist sector? Who is the new man at the helm of the United Nations? And why do we celebrate Christmas Day on 25 December?
Right-wing Le Figaro looks back on a relatively calm New Year's Eve here in France.
At least 650 vehicles were burned out, a slight increase on last year. And 454 people were arrested. But, with 100,000 security forces on duty, the fact that no terrorist attacks were attempted has to be seen as strongly positive, especially against the stark background of the Turkish nightclub killings.
Le Figaro also looks at the potential impact of this latest attack on the Turkish tourism industry. With an average of 36 million tourists every year, Turkey is the sixth most visited country in the world.
However, according to the right-wing French daily, the recent succession of terrorist attacks, many clearly targeting foreigners, have lead to an overall decline of 37 percent by comparison with visitor numbers in 2015.
The tourist sector was expected to lose 12 billion euros last year, with huge repercussions for the national economy, with tourism normally accounting for six percent of gross domestic product and employing 16 percent of the active population.
Guterres takes over from Ban at UN
Libération asks who the new man at the head of the United Nations is and if they can do anything to save an institution in deep crisis.
Antonio Guterres is Portuguese, a socialist, Catholic, an engineer by training. They have 10 years' experience as head of the UN's refugee agency and has promised "global reform" of the body they take over from Ban Ki-moon.
Le Monde says the new man at the helm has promised to make 2017 "a year of peace", calling for compassion and solidarity in everyday life, dialogue to bridge political differences, ceasefires to end armed conflicts, and a spirit of compromise at the negotiating table.
They were elected unanimously and will thus benefit from wide-ranging support.
But divisions on Syria, Yemen, South Sudan will not vanish overnight. And Donald Trump, who takes up the reins of power in Washington in two weeks, has made no secret of their dislike of an organisation which is 22 percent funded by the United States.
Says Libé, they come to the job carrying huge hopes but Antonio Guterres will have their work cut out for him.
Euro is 15-years-old
Catholic La Croix celebrates the 15th birthday of the euro, Europe's single currency, attempting to sift the true from the merely invented in the popular imagination.
It is not true that a baguette of French bread cost two francs in 2001, just before the changeover which some political groups claim was used as a form of disguised profiteering by unscrupulous bakers. In fact, a 250gm baguette used to cost 4.40, that's 67 euro centimes. The same piece of bread now costs an average of 87 euro centimes, mainly due to inflation.
And 68 percent of French people questioned this autumn said they supported the idea of monetary union and a continental currency. That puts the French ahead of the Italians, with just 53 percent enthusiastic for the euro, but a long way behind the Irish, with 85 percent saying they favour the single european currency.
Christmas rush all a mistake
Now that all the fuss is over, Le Monde asks how we ever decided that 25 December was a good day on which to celebrate Christmas.
Apparently, in the first couple of centuries of the Christian era, Christmas Day was marked on, for example, 28 March, 19 April or even 6 January. It's thanks to a Roman monk, Denis the Little, and the then Pope, John I, that the birth of Christ was fixed forever in the depths of the northern winter.
But there's still the question of how long ago that famous birth took place.
Easy, you might think, since we are now entering the 2017th year of the Christian era.
But no. That turns out to be based on a series of ecclesiastical and other errors, well documented by the German astronomer Johannes Kepler. They calculated that Jesus was born on either 12 April, 3 October or 4 December, but in the year -7, meaning that we are really a lot older than we think and should be celebrating the year 2024.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
On Thursday, the Federal Communications Commission is set to vote on whether or not to repeal Net Neutrality, a decision about Internet Service Providers (ISPs) that could impact – among so many other pillars of our country's modern democracy – the future of music. And independent musicians, those who run a main DIY operation, are poised to be hurt the most.
Thanks to the current
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Net Neutrality: How …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch'
0:50 Fresno man says they were fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
Though Lending Club is striving to move beyond the scandal that ended its reign as the nation's leading online lender, the damage continues to pile up.
The San Francisco company reported a $32 million loss during the fourth quarter, bringing its losses for the full year to $146 million. For the sake of comparison, Lending Club reported profits of $4.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2015.
After the news that Páirc Uí Chaoimh will not be open in time for the Munster finals, the rumour mill is spreading that the All-Ireland Hurling Quarterfinals may be switched from Thurles to Cork.
At Nemo Rangers GAA grounds last night the Cork county council had a board meeting where various topics were discussed from congratulating Edna Kenny, there opposition to the proposed changes to the All-Ireland hurling championships and of course the delayed opening to Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
Cork county chairperson, Ger Lane once again stated why opening Páirc Uí Chaoimh for the Munster finals would not have been appropriate.
“In relation to yesterday [Monday], we had a meeting and it became apparent that it wouldn't be in a position to open and have it in a place that we wanted,” they said.
“Opening a new stadium with 40,000 people, everything had to be 100%. I believe that was the right decision, there were works to be completed, and we're very confident that it will be handed to us on July 7. That was too close to July 9 for the Munster hurling final but we are very confident we will be awarded big games in late July. While it is disappointing, it's not the end of the world. There are a lot of people, particularly journalists who are concerned about season ticket holders and things like that, but that will all be dealt with going forward. There will be Munster finals there for many years to come. We didn't want to open it when it wasn't 100% ready.”
The Ireland Hurling quarter-finals are scheduled for the 23rd of July and with Lane expecting big games at Páirc Uí Chaoimh at the end of July, the suggestion is that the Ireland QF will be moving from Thurles to Cork for at least this year. Lane also expressed their concern on the proposed changes to the hurling championship.
“The idea of a Munster county being relegated to the qualifier group is not a good one. With respect, there are five counties in this province that are all traditionally strong counties. I don't think it's appropriate any of these five would be denied the opportunity to play in the Munster championship. I think we should prepare our own agenda for that particular congress.”
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
Reuters reports that the Scott Pruitt's EPA is circulating a document proposing a total repeal of the Obama era Clean Power Plan, but they may replace the Obama plan with a new CO2 reduction plan.
Trump EPA to propose repealing Obama's climate regulation: document
Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will propose repealing the Clean Power Plan – the Obama administration's centerpiece regulation to fight climate change – and plans to solicit input on a rule to replace it, according to an EPA document seen by Reuters.
The decision marks the agency's first formal step to sweep away the rule intended to cut carbon emissions from power plants, after President Donald Trump signed an executive order in March launching the EPA's review.
…
The EPA document, distributed to members of the agency's Regulatory Steering Committee, said the EPA “is issuing a proposal to repeal the rule.”
The agency now intends to issue what it calls an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to solicit input as it considers “developing a rule similarly intended to reduce CO2 emissions from existing fossil fuel electric utility generating units.”
The document did not provide any details of the potential new rule.
…
Industry sources following the rulemaking process expect the proposal to repeal and replace the Clean Power Plan to be released as soon as the end of this week.
Janet McCabe, who headed the EPA's Office of Air and Radiation under Obama, said an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking could take years – meaning the replacement for CPP could be a long way off, or possibly never emerge.
“It certainly will draw the process out,” they said.
…
1:17 Hiking the Reservoir Canyon Trail Pause
0:34 Take a virtual hike along Rocky Canyon Trail
0:55 Hiking Estero Bluffs State Park
0:41 Hiking Irish Hills Natural Reserve
0:28 Flora and Fauna of the Salinas River Walk
0:55 Hiking Harmony Headlands State Park
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
The Las Vegas Roundabouts? That is what one person suggested as the new name for the valley's minor league baseball team.
Earlier this month, the Las Vegas 51s announced plans to rebrand the team, and encouraged fans to submit their ideas for a new team name. The window for submissions closed Monday evening, and the team said it received thousands of suggestions.
[RELATED: Las Vegas 51s announce brand, name change with move to Summerlin in 2019]
"It's better than getting no suggestions!" The 51s Media Relations Director Jim Gemma said with a laugh.
Among the most popular ideas: Scorpions, Red Rocks and Lizards. Some played off of Las Vegas' one-of-a-kind history, like the Mobsters or the Rat Pack.
Gemma said several of the ideas played off of Nevada's Silver State nickname: The Silver Knights, The Silver Stars and The Silver Kings, which is the English translation of "Los Reyes de Plata," a nickname the team already uses frequently.
Then there were the more unique names, like the Roundabouts, since the new stadium will be on South Pavilion Center Drive, which boasts two of the traffic patterns. The Ichthyosaurs were submitted as well, playing off of Nevada's state fossil.
The least creative submissions go to the Golden Knights and the Aces, names already taken by two valley sports teams.
"I know one thing we will definitely not be the Golden Knights, that's for sure," Gemma said.
Now that public submissions are closed, team executives will work with Minor League Baseball to bring the number of ideas to five, and the execs will decide from there. The team expects to announce its new name in November.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
[FILE] A stock photograph showing the exterior of a Wells Fargo bank building in New York, New York. (Photo: CNN)
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP) — A New Jersey woman has sued Wells Fargo Bank, saying they were fired for refusing to participate in a scheme to manipulate accounts and sell products that weren't in customers' best interest.
Melinda Bini filed a lawsuit in state court in New Jersey on April 5 against the bank and three supervisors from the branch they worked at in Highland Park, NJ.com reported.
In the lawsuit, Bini accused their superiors of running or knowing about the scheme and says they were retaliated against and later fired for refusing to participate.
Bini, a former assistant vice president and regional private banker, is seeking their job back and damages.
Wells Fargo paid $185 million in fines to federal and local authorities after it acknowledged that its employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts without customers' authorization.
Kevin Friedlander, a spokesperson for the bank, said the company doesn't tolerate retaliation against employees who express their concerns.
“Our non-retaliation policy makes clear that no team member may be retaliated against for providing information about suspected unethical or illegal activities or possible violations of any Wells Fargo policies,” Friedlander said.
Friedlander said the supervisors are still employed, but they aren't able to comment further on the allegations because it was an ongoing legal matter.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
TOKYO, JAPAN - NOVEMBER 19: Starting pitcher Shohei Otani #16 of Japan throws in the top of fifth inning during the WBSC Premier 12 semi final match between South Korea and Japan at the Tokyo Dome on November 19, 2015 in Tokyo, Japan. (Photo by Masterpress/Getty Images)
Question: Would it be a challenge to be the first manager to coach a guy that does both or would that be kind of fun for you to work your lineup with a guy that hits and pitches?
Banister: I've seen them on video. This is a tremendous athlete, a talented athlete. I've seen them pitch, seen them hit, and seen them run. This is an athlete I think unlike anything Major League Baseball's ever seen.
Banister: I will say this: I love great athletes, I'm a fan of great athletes. This guy from what we've seen and what we've heard from afar, this is a pioneer-type athlete that can do so many types of things. To ask me if I'd like to have an athlete like that, absolutely. To have great athletes is a mission of any coach really, or difference makers that can make an impact on a team. The way I see it, if you have an athlete like that, they make an impact not only on your team, but on the industry as well.
Question: What kind of athlete do you compare them to that helps separate them from others in baseball?
Banister: The ability to do all things in the game really, you don't really see that. You can see athletes that run, you see athletes that can run and hit, you see athletes with power that may not run, you see defenders that are really mid-level hitters, and you see defenders that are great hitters.
I don't know that we've ever seen an athlete that can step on the mound, dominate a lineup, and then go dominate on the other side as far as being the type of hitter - not only a power hitter, just an overall hitter - and then use their legs. They would be a threat all over the ballpark. When you think about the names in baseball, you have to go back to the type of athletes that were ahead of their time really to be able to perform and do the things that what we hear about Otani.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A woman who had their car stolen by a man fleeing police is now telling the story of their fearful encounter.
A police presence could still be seen at Northwest 21st Street and 14th Avenue where Minerva Castellanos had their car stolen, just before 8 a.m., Friday.
7Skyforce HD captured the moment where the suspect opened their door and forced them to get out of their car.
“There was traffic in front of me at a stop light. All I saw was the guy come to my window and point a gun at me, and they just yelled, ‘Get out the car. Get out the F-ing car. Get out the car!' and I was kind of shocked, so I wasn't moving, so they open my door, and they say, ‘Get out the freaking car, or I will shoot you,'” Castellanos said. “At that point, I tried to take my seat belt off. I had to put the car in park, and he's putting their leg on my foot, trying to stop the car and yanking me out and got in the car and just took off.”
Castellanos went on to describe how at first, they didn't exactly know what was going on. “I literally thought they were an undercover cop, 'cause I saw cops all over the place — just all over the place, and I thought they needed my car for some unknown reason, and I just jumped out, and when the second officer told me, ‘Do you remember what they looked like?' and I said, ‘What are you talking about?' They say, ‘That's the guy we're looking for.' I just broke down. I didn't realize that I could have gotten shot if I hadn't gotten out of that vehicle right away.”
Castellanos was uninjured and immediately called their coworker and husband after the ordeal, and both came to console them
“It could have been any of us, so I'm just so thankful that she's OK. That's the most important thing,” their coworker said. “A car is replaceable, but your life is not replaceable.”
The suspect was later killed after a standoff ended in a police-involved shooting.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
These are exciting, nervous times in the South East.
Waterford are looking forward to their first All-Ireland final in nine years and only their seventh ever after Sunday's second-half demolition of Munster champions Cork.
However, Déise excitement is tempered by nerves, with the county's hurling faithful waiting anxiously to learn the availability of two stars - including reigning Hurler of the Year Austin Gleeson.
Gleeson may have a ban proposed by CCCC after television footage captured the Mount Sion man removing Luke Meade's helmet with their left hand.
Given the bans meted out to their team-mates Stephen Bennett and Tadhg de Búrca for similar offences already this season, it is quite likely Gleeson will miss the novel final clash with Galway.
Gleeson's namesake Conor will also be facing an automatic one-match ban after they were sent off for an off-the-ball strike in the second half.
Former Galway manager Anthony Cunningham (above) has sympathy for the players, who are caught between a rock and a hard place.
On one hand you have managers and coaches encouraging more and more physicality in hurling and on the other, you have the GAA's alphabet soup of disciplinary bodies putting these young men through the wringer.
De Búrca - sent off for interfering with the faceguard of Wexford's Harry Kehoe in last month's quarter-final - was only definitively ruled out of Sunday's match in the early hours of Friday morning.
Cunningham believes the GAA's system of justice is out of kilter with the game's physicality.
"You are pushing players to make physical contacts, I will be the first to admit that," said Cunningham on RTÉ 2fm's Game On. "They are being coached and pushed to have a lot of physical contact."
The man who led Galway to their first Leinster title in 2012 does not believe those passing judgement on Gleeson and others, on these disciplinary panels, are not necessarily qualified to do so.
"There are quite a few people involved in those who did not play with the faceguard or in the modern times of standing up players, pushing back players, getting bodies around.
"The ruck is a huge part of the game now, it wasn't there as much 10-15 years ago. It has changed and I think the policing policies and the citings and the guys who review these maybe haven't moved with the times."
Former Kilkenny forward and The Sunday Game pundit Eddie Brennan concurred, going so far as to suggest a rugby-style system of justice.
"Maybe we adopt a model similar to the rugby, where a reviewing committee headed up maybe by a judge, barrister, ex-players or something, review the incident today, decide what they are going to do, make the recommendation, it is heard tomorrow tonight and there is a appeal Thursday or Friday and it is put to bed and Waterford can focus on preparing for the All-Ireland," said Brennan on Monday's show.
"I think Derek McGrath might have looked at their phone because all the stuff was on social media, which is the world we live in now unfortunately, and said, 'Jesus, I could have done without this.' Given the late hours that were invested in trying to rescue De Búrca."
As Waterford braces itself for another saga, Brennan argued that their neighbouring county deserve better than another anxious wait.
"If we are going to ask our players to train like professionals and subject them to scrutiny then we need a professional body to deal with it and avoid Tadhg de Búrca sitting in a room till one in the morning."
Star political reporter Ryan Lizza is out at The New Yorker over what the magazine calls “improper sexual conduct.”
“The New Yorker recently learned that Ryan Lizza engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct. We have reviewed the matter and, as a result, have severed ties with Lizza,” a New Yorker spokesperson said (h/t Michael Calderone). “Due to a request for privacy, we are not commenting further.”
Lizza fired back calling their ouster “a terrible mistake.”
“I am dismayed that The New Yorker has decided to characterize a respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate. The New Yorker was unable to cite any company policy that was violated,” they said in a statement.
One of Lizza's biggest scoops this year was key to deep-sixing Anthony Scaramucci's short career as White House communications director.
In a July conversation with Lizza, the Mooch ranted about their colleagues at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Among other things, they called Reince Preibus a “f–king paranoid schizophrenic” and accused Steve Bannon of “trying to suck their own c–k.”
Scaramucci was fired after just 10 days on the job.
Lizza, 43, had been The New Yorker's Washington correspondent since 2007.
MIAMI (WSVN) - Fire Rescue crews responded to a house fire in Miami, Monday morning.
Miami Fire Rescue responded to the home along Northwest 13th Avenue and 52nd Street, at around 3:30 a.m.
Upon their arrival, officials said they found heavy smoke and flames coming from a front bedroom window. The elderly couple who lives in the home was safely evacuated along with their pets.
Darlene Williams, who lives across the street from the couple said they couldn't believe what they woke up to. “I just saw the red flames in the first bedroom,” they said. “They had to tear the door down to get in. I jumped up and ran out the door, and I was looking for my neighbor who lives there with their husband, and I saw them on the street. Then I was looking for him. Then I saw they came later, and that's when they said their house caught on fire.”
Firefighters were able to quickly put out the blaze and contained it from spreading to neighboring homes. However, a neighbor's house was evacuated as a precaution due to heavy smoke in the area.
The elderly couple said they were able to get out in time due to their smoke detectors, which woke them up.
The home sustained heavy damage, causing the couple to be displaced.
An investigation into what caused the fire is now underway.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Foodies and Channing Tatum fans alike may be familiar with New Orleans party spot Saints & Sinners, the Bourbon Street institution serving up Cajun-inspired eats paired with delicious cocktails. In the final installment of Fluffy Off the Menu, Gabriel "Fluffy" Iglesias stops by to learn about Cajun Fried Mac & Cheese Balls from S&S co-owner Keith Kurtz.
"I own this with Channing Tatum, but nobody cares about me," Kurtz says. "All the bachelorettes come here because, you know, Channing Tatum owns it. So they always go, 'Is the owner here?' They send me up to the table, and they're like, '...Oh.'"
CASTINE — Historian Henry Cooke will offer a public lecture titled “Soldiers, Sailors and Loyal Citizens All: The Dress of Castine During the British Occupation, 1779-1783” on Friday, Aug. 18, from 7-9 p.m. at the Wilson Museum's Hutchins Education Center.
When the British Army and Navy arrived in Castine in 1779, they added their unique attire to that of a port town filled with fishermen, shipbuilders and skilled tradespeople, as well as merchants and their genteel ladies.
This lecture will draw upon historical records, period artwork and both original and reproduction garments to illustrate the distinguishing quality and style represented in Castine's colorful community.
The lecture is free and open to the public.
For more information, call 326-9247 or email [email protected]
ILOILO City – A 17-year-old boy had been shot in Barangay Andagao, Kalibo, Aklan.
Their suspected shooter was arrested, a police report showed.
The victim – identified in the police report only as “Christopher” of Barangay New Buswang, Kalibo – sustained a gunshot wound on the head.
They were confined at the Aklan Mission Hospital and in critical condition, the police report stated.
The shooting happened around 5:45 p.m. on Thursday.
Police identified the suspect as 25-year-old Eljay Illavera of Barangay New Buswang.
Illavera was detained at the Kalibo police station, the report stated./PN
The Inspector General of Police, IGP Ibrahim k. Idris on Saturday, December 31, embarked on the spot assessment and fact finding visit in crisis-laden area in Kafanchan, Jarma Local Government Area, Kaduna State. The IGP held a meeting with stakeholders and the people of Jarma Local Government Area, Kafanchan, Kaduna State to proffer solutions to the lingering crisis.
Idris also announced that the Nigerian Police would establish a mobile police base in Kafanshan to address the security problems in the area. “From the discussion I had with Kaduna State Governor Malam Nasir El-rufai, we have decided to station a mobile police base in Kafanchan,” they said.
A don, Dr Ferdinand Ottoh, has urged the judiciary to give special attention to the anti-corruption fight of the Federal Government by accelerating hearing of corruption-related cases.
Ottoh, a lecturer in the Department of Political Science, University of Lagos, made the appeal in an interview with the Newsmen on Monday in Lagos.
“Nothing meaningful will be achieved in the current anti-corruption fight without the unalloyed support of the judiciary.
“If it requires reviewing its jurisprudence in matters of corruption cases, let it be so,'' they said.
Ottoh said that corruption in public offices was a major setback to Nigeria's development, warning that the country would not be able to record any meaningful progress until eradication of the menace.
“We can only talk of the Nigerian state when it has the capacity to provide welfare for the people and meet its obligations as enshrined in the 1999 Constitution.
“The corruption in the country before the Muhammadu Buhari administration rendered Nigeria incapable to protect lives and property and provide education and other necessities to its citizens.
“A situation in which individuals have pillaged the resources of the country, thereby making Nigeria unable to meet the obligations of a state will further their dependency and crises.
“The truth is that the Buhari administration's stance on anti-corruption is a redemption course that this nation needs for sustenance,'' they said.
The post Don wants judiciary give special attention to anti-corruption fight appeared first on Vanguard News.
CTV Vancouver
A suspect has been arrested and charged in the shocking murder of a 62-year-old Abbotsford resident whose body was discovered in an apartment building last month.
Clarence John Crothers, who used a wheelchair because of a spinal injury, was found dead in a property on Braun Avenue the morning of July 4.
Though few details on their killing have been shared with the public, police said they quickly identified 50-year-old Jeffrey Charles Halicki as a suspect in the case.
"While motive for the homicide and evidence collected cannot be spoken to, Mr. Crothers and Mr. Halicki were known to each other and the murder was not believed to be random," the Integrated Homicide Investigation Team said in a news release.
On Monday, police announced Halicki has been charged with second-degree murder. They were arrested last week and remains in custody pending an appearance in provincial court.
Crothers was not known to police. Their family released a statement describing them as a "fun-loving and caring father" to one child.
"His heart, smile and personality to speak to anyone and everyone and be one's advocate was a shining beacon of light that will never leave those that they have touched," the Crothers family said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Activists have called Japan's programme "an illegal whale hunt"
Japanese hunters caught and killed 122 pregnant minke whales as part of its Antarctic summer "field survey".
A report sent to the International Whaling Commission (IWC) reveals hunters caught 333 minkes in total.
The team left Japan in November 2017 for the Southern Ocean and returned in March 2018.
Japan says its whaling programme is for scientific purposes, despite a 2014 UN ruling against its "lethal research" and widespread condemnation.
In a new research plan published after the UN ruling, Japan said it was "scientifically imperative" to understand Antarctica's ecosystem through collecting and analysing animals.
How many whales did Japan catch?
The country's New Scientific Whale Research Program in the Antarctic Ocean (NEWREP-A) sent a report to the IWC detailing the 333 minkes caught, 152 male and 181 female, during its "third biological field survey" in the area.
Japan cut down its catch by two-thirds under its new research plan, and has stuck to taking about 330 whales each year.
The data shows that in the 2017/18 hunt, 122 of the female minkes captured were pregnant, while 61 of the males and 53 of the females were not yet adults.
After a few weeks of surveys, the team caught all the whales within just 12 weeks before setting off back to Japan.
The whale meat is then sold to be eaten.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Japan makes no secret of the fact that the meat resulting from its so-called scientific whaling programme ends up on the plate
Why does Japan hunt whales?
Under Article VIII of the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling, signed in 1946, countries can "kill, take and treat whales for purposes of scientific research", and this is the rule Japan says it follows in its hunts.
Aside from its research claims, the Japanese government says whale hunting is an ancient part of Japan's culture.
Coastal communities in Chiba prefecture and Ishinomaki in northern Japan have long practised coastal whaling, while Taiji in Wakayama prefecture holds annual dolphin hunts.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Once a staple, now a novelty
However, expeditions to the Antarctic for whale meat only began after World War Two, when the devastated country depended on whales as its main source of meat.
While the meat is still sold, it is increasingly unpopular, with far fewer businesses selling it now than in the past.
Does anyone else hunt whales?
Figures from charity Whale and Dolphin Conservation (WDC) show that many countries other than Japan still catch whales.
The International Whaling Commission (IWC), which regulates the industry, agreed to a moratorium on commercial whaling from the 1985, with exceptions.
Norway and Iceland still hunt whales for meat, the former rejecting the moratorium and the latter only partially agreeing.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Iceland still hunts whales
So-called aboriginal subsistence whaling for local communities continues in Greenland, Russia, the USA, and St Vincent and the Grenadines.
But Japan remains the only country to send ships to Antarctica to catch whales, under the scientific research exemption.
Is the hunting wiping out Antarctic whales?
Japan says it is conducting its research to show the Antarctic whale population is healthy and can be sustainably fished.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) says there is insufficient data to determine whether the Antarctic minke whale is threatened.
While the number of minkes is "clearly in the hundreds of thousands", they are investigating a possible decline over the last 50 years.
Depending on how significant the drop is, the Antarctic minke could be classified as Least Concern, or as Endangered.
You may also be interested in:
$200 plus $15 for shipping for a leaf yanked off the outfield wall from the 2016 season?? They are limited to 10 per customer and they only have a total of 2016 to sell, so jump on it early.
THE FULL STORY FROM THE SUN-TIMES IS HERE
Look, I love the Cubs. They get a TON of my money on a regular basis. BUT COME ON, GUYS!!! $200??? If they sell all of them (and you know they will), that's over $400,000 worth of revenue. So, I get it, but what kind of human is gonna drop that kind of cash on some foliage? It's like the Hawks charging a hundred buck for melted ice from the UC a couple years ago.
That being said, I'll probably buy one, so disregard all that.
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
Nvidia has announced that it is bundling Destiny 2 with its GeForce GTX 1080 and GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics cards, even as Bungie delays the game's launch into October.
Unveiled back in 2013 as the replacement for Halo, Bungie's original armour-clad sci-fi shoot-'em-up intellectual property now owned by Microsoft and under development by 343 Industries, Destiny was positioned as the biggest release in the company's history since Alex Seropian launched Pong clone Gnop for the Apple Macintosh back in 1991. The promise of massively multiplayer functionality and deep lore led to it becoming the most pre-ordered new IP in gaming history , and while initial sales were strong the game was savaged for a lack of storytelling - most of the lore having been ripped out of the game itself and visible only on a separate website - poor voice acting and boring, grind-heavy mission structures. In January 2016 Bungie replaced chief executive Harold Ryan with Pete Parsons , who promised that '' and Destiny 2 will be the first and biggest test as to the truth of their words.Earlier this year, publisher Activision - which has signed a multi-release exclusivity contract with Bungie for the franchise - announced that there would be '' for the release of Destiny 2, the first in the franchise to be released on the platform. Now, Nvidia appears to be betting heavily on that being true with the announcement that Destiny 2 is available with the purchase of GeForce GTX 1080 and GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics cards as a redeemable game code.Nvidia's announcement comes after Bungie confirmed that the PC release will launch on October 24th - more than a month and a half after the game hits the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 on September 6th. In an effort to make the delay seem worthwhile, the company confirmed some of the '' features the PC release would enjoy, including but not limited to: Support for Ultra HD resolution and 21:9 aspect ratio displays, no frame rate cap, a '' settings menu including adjustable field of vision (FOV), and proper keyboard and mouse support with customisable bindings and text chat.Those buying an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 or GTX 1080 Ti from participating retailers will also receive early access to the Destiny 2 PC beta, Nvidia has confirmed, while the offer is also open to those buying pre-built 'Battlebox' branded gaming PCs and laptops featuring either of the two asupervisorstioned GPUs.More information on the offer, plus a list of participating retailers, can be found on the official website
CTV Vancouver
Last year, Gursimar Bedi was sentenced to 22 months in prison - including four months they had already served - for their role in the brutal 2011 murder of Maple Batalia. Today, six months before their sentence's scheduled end, they are a free man.
Batalia's family learned of Bedi's early release through an email from Victim Services of British Columbia. Them sister Rose Batalia told CTV News they were outraged by the decision.
“He did not even know her, had nothing to do with her, and they were the last voice of reason that could have prevented this cold-blooded murder from happening,” Batalia said.
Maple Batalia was 19 years old when their ex-boyfriend Gurjinder Dhaliwhal shot and stabbed them at Simon Fraser University's Surrey campus in 2011. They pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in 2016, and was sentenced to life in prison, with no possibility of parole for 21 years.
Bedi was charged with being an accessory to the crime, was found guilty, and received their sentence on January 27, 2017.
“He was Mr. Dhaliwal's best friend,” Rose Batalia said. “If someone was a great person, they would have talked their friend out of doing something this stupid.”
With credit for time served, Bedi's sentence worked out to 18 months.
“That 18-month sentence was a slap in my family's face,” said Rose Batalia. “He had the audacity to stay quiet, even when the sentencing happened. They smirked at our family. They smirked at the people there in a way to imply that, ‘I got away with this.'”
Bedi's release came roughly a year after their sentencing.
Matthew Rhys and Keri Russell in The Americans. FX Networks
On paper, the series finale of The Americans, which aired Wednesday night, gave Elizabeth and Philip Jennings more peace than they deserved. After spending decades plotting, manipulating, betraying, and murdering on behalf of the USSR, with the FBI finally closing in on them, these dangerous, soulful Soviet spies escaped to Russia, the country in which they have not lived for decades. Their American children, Henry and Paige, did not come with them, but Elizabeth and Philip could comfort themselves with the knowledge that this was for the best, if not for the good.
The surprisingly spare, heart-wrenching finale made a climax out of a series of anti-climaxes. The episode was a litany of things that did not happen: Elizabeth and Phillip did not get caught. FBI agent and neighbor Stan Beeman did not turn them in. Paige did not leave the country with their parents. But each of the things that didn't happen didn't happen with real emotional force. In another show with similar ingredients, you could imagine this outcome being presented as a rousing escape, the charismatic but morally debased protagonists squirming away one last time.
When I say another show, I mean Breaking Bad, which has been popping into my head for this entire final season. It was in the context of Breaking Bad, another psychologically astute show about a morally abhorrent antihero, that the New Yorker's TV critic Emily Nussbaum introduced the idea of the “bad fan,” the kind of viewer who sees brutal, violent, macho megalomaniacs like Walter White and Tony Soprano, and instead of being horrified, roots for them (while, not incidentally, sneering and hissing at the female characters who stand in their way). Elizabeth and Philip have done horrible things. And yet I wanted puppy-dog Philip, so nauseated by what they have done, and Elizabeth, righteously fighting for the wrong cause, to live, to survive, to escape. Was I a bad fan of The Americans?
In some ways, being a bad fan is the default state of being a TV watcher. TV is extraordinarily good at making viewers identify with protagonists of even moderate charms, and this propensity is exactly what antihero shows play around with. The Sopranos' creator David Chase, especially, was reflexively suspicious of the audience's tendency toward identification, and they built this disdain into their show and its descendants, series that pushed viewers to find their personal breaking point with violent machismo—when did you really turn on Tony or Walt? Identifying with these men for too long was for dupes. This contentious relationship with the audience—the possibility that a viewer could somehow flunk the show, read it all wrong—is built into the DNA of series about toxic masculinity, whether they know it or not. But it is not built into The Americans.
The Americans is an example of how identifying with complicated, nefarious characters can be emotionally generous and morally instructive, the response of an engaged and sensitive viewer, not the simple-minded action of a couch potato cheering every bloody whacking.
In hoping for Elizabeth and Philip Jennings' survival, I was rooting for murderous Communists, yes, but I was also rooting for people who, despite not being Americans, struggled with heightened versions of moral problems that plague all of us. I was rooting for devoted parents facing familiar, quotidian family dynamics, not brutish alpha males with megalomaniacal desires.
Watching the finale, it became clear to me that wondering whether I was a bad fan was just the wrong question to ask. The Americans exists in a more realistically complicated moral universe than almost any other antihero show, one in which questions of good or bad—as they pertain to the characters and to the audience—are too blunt and binary to address the questions it has raised. At the end of the series, Philip and Elizabeth are alive, married, and not in prison. They did not come to a bad end, but this is no happy ending. At the end of The Americans, there aren't good or bad fans, there are only sad ones.
The Americans, like its protagonists, has been in disguise, a searching psychological drama dressed up as a kicky action play. This season's convoluted plot mechanics were less about the FBI closing in than they were about getting Philip to a point where they could tell Elizabeth that their deeds are their responsibility—and have the sting of their conscience enliven their own. It was a mishandling of their intimate relationships, not of a job, that finally triggered Stan's FBI spidey sense.
Aware that the FBI is closing in, Elizabeth and Philip turn to their escape plan, the one they've always had, fake passports at the ready. At that point, they have very few options, and the choices are left to the show's Americans. The Russian Oleg, who has sacrificed their whole life for a just cause—the possibility of peace—is left in a prison cell, the fate Elizabeth and Philip deserved. Paige, who had been training to be a Russian agent, initially flees with their parents, but in the episode's tearful, stomach-lurching apex, chooses their American life, whatever the consequences. And Stan learns that they love the Jennings more than they love their country. “I would have done anything for you guys,” they say, holding a gun on them in a parking lot. There's a note of wonder in their voice—because, after everything, they still would. They let them go. Henry, the show's real innocent, is the only American with no choices, but their abandonment by their parents is an act of both cruelty and kindness. The separation from their children, which they had not let themselves imagine, is the most painful consequence for Elizabeth and Philip's actions.
Bound for Russia, Philip has one last chance to look upon the American life they had. Has a McDonald's ever been the site of such pathos? In disguise as an old man, they walk amid the golden arches, bags of hamburgers in their hand, and sees a young family eating dinner. It's a vision of a family that almost could have been their own.
History—our past but the Jennings' future—hangs over The Americans finale like a partly cloudy forecast, promising both the chance of rain and the possibility of sunlight.
The Jennings are returning to a bloated, dying, immoral state that cannot possibly justify the vile deeds they have done on its behalf. We know enough about Philip, whose conscience already pricks him, and Elizabeth, a true believer, to know that this will weigh on them. (As, perhaps, will Philip's potential run-in with Martha, on the streets of Moscow.) And then after learning that their immoral acts were conducted on behalf of a morally bankrupt state, they will see that state fall, only to turn into a kind of metastasized version of America, just as corrupt as the old USSR but with all our avarice and consumerism. (Philip won't have to wait long to eat another Big Mac.) But, at the same time, the future also means that Henry and Paige are not as far away as they seem to be—not on the other side of the iron curtain but eventually just a plane flight away.
It was actually imagining some possible future encounter between the Jennings and their children that drove home for me the melancholy of this entire series. That meeting, if it ever happens, can be nothing but awkward and fraught and full of hurt, not only because of the lives no longer shared, but the ones that were never fully shared to begin with. It took the finale to show us that the trap of their tragedy was sprung years ago, before the series even began.
BEIRUT (AP) — Al-Qaida-linked militants in Syria downed a Russian fighter jet on Saturday and killed its pilot after they ejected from the plane and landed on the ground in the embattled northwestern province of Idlib. The pilot resisted being captured and fired at the militants who then shot and killed him, according to one of the militants and Syrian monitors.
The Russian Defense Ministry confirmed the downing of the Su-25 and said the pilot was killed in fighting with “terrorists.” A report on the ministry's Zvezda TV said preliminary information indicated the plane was shot by a portable ground-to-air missile in an area under control of al-Qaida's branch in Syria.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the plane was downed on Saturday afternoon near the rebel-held town of Sarqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to take under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
Russia is a key ally of President Bashar Assad, and has been waging a military campaign on behalf of their forces since 2015. Since then, Syrian troops have captured wide parts of the country and in recent weeks have been making advances in Idlib. The province is also a base for al-Qaida's branch in Syria and other Islamic groups.
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when they resisted capture. The pilot opened fire from their pistol as the militants were trying to seize him, said the militant, who refused to be identified by their real name because was not authorized to speak to the media.
A video circulating on social media shows a lifeless body of a man, their face stained with blood, as bearded gunmen stand around him. One of the armed men shouts: “He is Russian.” The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponded to events reported by the AP.
Earlier in the day, the Observatory and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants reported intense airstrikes in Idlib. The Observatory reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and the village of Tel Mardeekh in Idlib since the early hours of Saturday.
Syria's state news agency, SANA, said Syrian troops captured the village of Maasaran as well as the Tel Tokan hill, cutting links between Saraqeb and the rebel stronghold of Maarest al-Numan to the south.
Syrian government forces and their allies launched a push into Idlib six weeks ago, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 people have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
Meanwhile, fighting raged on Saturday between Turkish troops and allied Syrian opposition fighters, and a Syrian Kurdish militia in the northern Syrian enclave of Afrin.
The Turkish military said two of its soldiers were killed in Syria and a third was killed on the Turkish side of the border in an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The military said Saturday's deaths were related to Turkey's operation against Syrian Kurdish-held Afrin, codenamed Olive Branch. One of the soldiers was killed when a Turkish tank was hit in Afrin.
A total of eight Turkish soldiers and at least 24 allied Syrian opposition fighters have died so far in Ankara's offensive, which started on Jan. 20.
The Turkish operation aims to clear Afrin of the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, which Turkey considers to be a terrorist group and an extension of the Kurdish insurgency within its borders.
Turkish presidential spokesperson said Turkey will not tolerate the presence of a Syrian Kurdish militia “anywhere” along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand its military operation underway in the Syrian enclave of Afrin eastward.
The spokesperson, Ibrahim Kalin, said Saturday that Turkey's first demand is to see the YPG move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed.
Kalin called on the United States to “disengage” from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with “our American allies to avoid any confrontation.”
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
Tuscola's softball team clinched their third straight league crown this past Thursday night on the road at Macon Meridian. The Lady Warriors upended the first place Lady Hawks two weeks ago to set up the championship showdown.
The Lady Hawks chipped away early in the contest, building a five-run lead entering the top of the sixth on top 5-0. It was not enough, however, as the ladies in black and gold stormed back to take the lead and ultimately secured the program's third consecutive Central Illinois Conference championship in extra innings. The win was thanks to a solo homerun by Isabelle Shelmadine in the top of the eighth and a quick 1, 2, 3 innings in the bottom half for the Hawks.
Ashton Smith had the pill for Tuscola. The junior gave up a run in each of the first three frames before giving way to Kaitlyn Reifsteck. The two combined to scatter 11 hits and three walks out over eight innings of action while striking out three. Meridian pushed another pair across in the fifth before the Warriors finally broke through with a run in the top of the sixth.
Jackie Watson started the offense in the frame with a single but was caught on fielder's choice by Allison Clark who moved to second on a single by Alexis Koester and scored on a base knock by Reifsteck making it 5-1 Hawks. Smith got the ball rolling with a lead off walk but was caught on fielder's choice. Shelmadine followed with a single, moved on a bunt by Kendyl Ring, and scored on a double by Watson that rattled the bottom of the fence. Clark followed with a double of their own then scored on a double by Koester, who trotted home on a double by Ashtyn Clark. Reifsteck then doubled as well pushing in Kyra Moyer, who was running for Clark and setting the table for an RBI single by Claire Ring as the Warriors put six on the board to take a 7-5 lead entering the final half frame.
Meridian answered with a pair of three hits and a walk forcing the extra frame. Shelmadine lit the candles with a blast over the left field fence to put the Warriors on top for good in the eighth. Reifsteck induced three fly balls, and Sydney Watson and Abbey Jacobs gobbled them up securing the win and the title as the Warriors end a very tough CIC campaign with an 11-3 record.
The full story can be found in the Wednesday, May 16 edition of The Tuscola Journal.
A picture featuring Dileep, Meenakshi and Kavya Madhavan has been doing the rounds on social media. This family picture has won the hearts of the social media audiences and rightly, it has gone viral in no time. Interestingly, this picture of Dileep, Kavya Madhavan and Meenakshi was taken during a wedding function that the family had attended. Dileep could be seen in a traditional mundu and shirt attire. Meenakshi is seen in a yellow saree whereas Kavya Madhavan is spotted in a designer salwar. All three of them could be seen posing with the couple in this picture. The picture has been shared in the Facebook page name Dileep Online as well.
As mentioned above, the picture has turned out to be hugely popular among the social media circuits and it has received a good number of shares across Facebook.
Most recently, a dubsmash video of Meenakshi Dileep, in which the star kid could be seen imitating some of the popular comedy scenes from Dileep movies had also emerged hugely popular in the social media platform.
On the work front, Dileep was most recently seen in the film Kammara Sambhavam, directed by Rathish Ambat. The film and Dileep's stunning portrayal of the lead character had fetched a lot of praises from the various quarters.
Meanwhile, also take a look at some of the other pictures of Dileep, Kavya Madhavan and Meenakshi..
In The USA.. Here is another lovely photo featuring Dileep, Kavya Madhavan and Meenakshi. This picture was taken during the family's visit to the USA for the Dileep show in the year 2017. Birthday Celebrations A few stills from the birthday celebrations of Meenakshi, in the year 2017, had also emerged as hugely popular on social media circuits. The grand birthday celebration was attended by the close family members and friends of both Dileep and Kavya Madhavan. The Wedding Pic... Dileep and Kavya Madhavan had tied the knot on November 25, 2016 and here is a picture from their grand wedding ceremony. Meenakshi could be seen along with Dileep and Kavya Madhavan. The Airport Clicks These are a few airport clicks, which were doing the rounds after Dileep and Kavya Madhavan's marriage in November 2017. The celebrity couple had flown to Dubai after the marriage and Meenakshi had accompanied them.
Usher has told friends they were never with Quantasia Sharpton, who is suing the singer for putting them at risk of contracting a sexually transmitted disease.
The Yeah! star, who is facing a lawsuit from the 21-year-old woman, has denied claims they had sex with them at a Days Inn hotel in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Sharpton claimed one of Usher's aides took their phone number after they spotted them in the crowd at a concert, and they later arranged to meet at their hotel. But they allege Usher never mentioned they had herpes, which they contracted.
According to editors at TMZ a source close to Usher has claimed that they were too busy falling in love with Grace Miguel, their manager and now wife, at the time of the incident.
The source claimed Usher was never at the hotel with Sharpton, and the singer told friends that at the time of the alleged encounter they were spending all of their free time with Grace and had no time for other women.
The insider adds that on the night of the Atlantic City show, the set ran late and the singer had to push back their meet-and-greets until after midnight, which prove they could not have been with Sharpton, who claimed that they were at the hotel around 12 a.m.
Earlier this month, Sharpton held a press conference with their lawyer Lisa Bloom and confirmed they had filed a lawsuit against Usher.
Bloom is also representing another woman and a man, who claim to have had sexual contact with the singer.
Usher, 38, who has been married to their manager Grace Miguel since 2015, has yet to publicly address the allegations.
NewsOne
New Jersey's Democratic Sen. Cory Booker made it clear on Saturday that they have serious concerns about Alabama's GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore if they win the Dec. 12 U.S. Senate election. Booker traveled to Alabama and cited those flaws at a rally to urge Black voters to turnout and support Moore's Democratic rival Doug Jones.
RELATED: How Will Black Voters React To Roy Moore's Visit To Their Church?
“Well I am in the United States Senate & I don't want to be next to you wondering if Senate Pages will be safe from your advances. Your bigotry, ignorance, and hate has no place in the Senate. I'm going to my ancestral home state of Alabama today to lend a hand in defeating you,” Booker tweeted.
Since my earlier tweet, I've heard from former Senate Pages I've had the honor of serving with & heard their horror at Roy Moore possibly winning. These teens are valuable parts of the Senate & deserve better. Caroline Saba, thanks for sending me this: https://t.co/0ySWeanzZp — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) December 9, 2017
Jones invited Booker and former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick to help them excite Black voters about Tuesday's special election. To pull ahead in the neck and neck race, Jones must piece together a coalition of core Democrats and crossover Republicans who feel they cannot vote for an accused pedophile. The Black vote will be crucial. Jones must win 90 percent of the Black vote and increase turnout among African Americans to win the election. Blacks account for about 25 percent of the state's electorate and are overwhelmingly Democrats.
Booker rallied a crowd of about 200 people at Alabama State University in Montgomery. “Some people don't understand: the opposite of justice is not injustice. It is inaction and indifference. Bad people get elected when good people don't vote,” Booker stated, according to Politico.
Moore, a leader of the anti-Obama birther movement who is also a conservative Christian, has come under fire for their attraction to teenage girls. A woman who was 14 years old in 1979 made the first explosive allegation against Moore. They said the former state Supreme Court judge was 34 when they made sexual advances on their back then. Soon after the report emerged, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnel (R-Ky) and other senior Republicans urged Moore to quit their campaign if the allegations were proven true. Since then, several other women have come forward with similar allegations that Moore, now 70, pursued them as teenagers decades ago. Moore says their accusers are lying and are part of a conspiracy to block their political aspirations. Despite the growing allegations, President Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee are backing Moore.
Moore had a seemingly insurmountable lead in the polls before the allegations. Their effort to convince supporters that he's being framed got a boost on Friday. Beverly Young Nelson, one of their accusers, admitted that they made notes below Moore's signature on their high school yearbook, which they put forward as evidence to rebut Moore's claim that they didn't know them Nelson said that although they added the note, their signature is authentic.
SOURCE: Politico
SEE ALSO:
Steve Harvey Sued Over Alleged Charity Fraud, Criticisms Of Oprah and Tyler Perry
Golden Krust Faces More Financial Woes After CEO Commits Suicide
Did Krushna & Govinda Try To Sort Out Things?
When asked whether they tried to sort out things, Krushna told Spotboye, "I have been unable to catch hold of him. They went to London after the incident and then they got busy with a film shoot. I seriously want to reconcile with him."
Krushna Doesn't Mind Their Mami Giving Him Gaalis!
They added, "I don't mind if my mami gives 5-6 gaalis, it's their right to do so. I have said this in the earlier interview also, I have stayed with them as a kid and they have taken utmost care of me. So I understand that they might be feeling more hurt. Knowingly, or unknowingly, I got dragged into the matter. After which unknowingly I also got involved."
Kashmira's Timing Was Off!
The actor-comedian further added, "What Kashmira wrote on Twitter irked Sunita mami, but the fact is that Kashmira wrote it for my sister, not mami. The timing was off!"
‘Kashmira Is At Major Fault Here & They Should Apologise To Mami'
"Yeh Kashmira se galti ho gayi. Kissi ke bhi bare main Twitter par nahi likhna chahiye tha. They could have avoided it. Kashmira is at major fault here and they should apologise to mami, as my mami (Sunita) has been taking care of the whole family."
Krushna Says They If Fine If Govinda Slaps Or Abuses Him!
When asked whether they feel that they and Govinda will resolve your differences, the actor says, "Mama (Govinda) can slap me twice or abuse me. I am ok with that. Whatever they say I will listen quietly. And I think things will get resolved after that."
As they flicked through the Financial Times over their morning coffee in the search for investment ideas, a short quote caught Alan McCormick's eye. That was in 2006, and the idea it contained became the catalyst for McCormick and their business partners to provide nearly $20m in philanthropic funding and generate a further $65m from other private donors to tackle neglected tropical diseases.
The quote was from Alan Fenwick, professor of tropical parasitology at Imperial College London. Their message was simple: for a fraction of the amount being donated to treat HIV and other potentially fatal infectious diseases, the annual distribution of basic existing drugs to schoolchildren could help prevent widespread infection by a parasite that causes stunting of growth and malnourishment, and limits access to education — with life-long consequences.
McCormick, a partner with Legatum, a Dubai-based investment firm, paid a visit to the professor. Fenwick had founded the Schistosomiasis Control Initiative in 2002, to fight the disease, also known as snail fever, caused by a parasitic worm that affects more than 200m people, most of whom live in sub-Saharan Africa.
“It's relatively tough giving away money and doing it well,” says McCormick. For months, they had been exploring ways in which they might donate cash to fund development work in lower-income countries; they had already made donations to organisations involved in areas such as education. “We were spending $12-$14 per life changed,” they say. “But it's expensive to identify projects, and you can do damage to small community organisations with your funding. [Fenwick's] approach cost just 50 cents per person per year.”
Ideas need champions, so you need to create an organisation
Working alongside government donors, philanthropists and pharmaceutical companies that had provided drugs, Legatum gave $9m to start pilot programmes in Burundi and Rwanda, with the aim of distributing doses of the drug praziquantel, to treat schistosomiasis, in schools.
The deworming programmes have provided an impressive return on investment and inspired others searching for ways to donate for maximum impact. The SCI has been recommended by philanthropic advisory groups such as GiveWell and Good Ventures in the US and Giving What We Can in the UK.
By 2010, McCormick and their partners were still experimenting with ways to mobilise far greater amounts of money in an attempt to make inroads into global health problems.
First, they created their own philanthropic advisory business, Geneva Global, designed to help donors best use their money. They then explored hiring fundraisers directly to generate additional income. They even considered creating a philanthropic bank to raise money for good causes.
But ultimately, they decided the most effective way to generate funding was to build their own vehicle, The End Fund, with a small staff to co-ordinate and support programmes to treat neglected tropical diseases. “Ideas need champions, so you need to create an organisation,” McCormick says.
Legatum has since donated another $10m via The End Fund towards neglected tropical diseases, with a particular focus on deworming. An extra $65m has come from other individuals, corporate foundations and philanthropic groups. “The End Fund model is about the ability to have people come together and collaborate, and bring their expertise,” says McCormick. “It's a lot of fun. It can be effective.”
Progress on schistosomiasis is still a long way from elimination, but great strides have been made especially in the Americas, says Fenwick, who recently retired from the SCI. “There is a huge dynamic now. I wish I was 25 years younger and could see the whole thing through.”
Best Healthy Breakfasts In MiamiHealth conscience folks around the globe say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. After all, it has been 6 - 8 hours (or more) since your last meal. But what if you forgot to stop at the grocery store yesterday, or you don't have time to prepare breakfast? The answer may be just down the block. Fast food is okay, but it is generally made in a factory and just heated up; not to mention the calories. Hop on over to one of the stores listed below to get a nice, healthy, down-home breakfast to fuel you up for the day ahead.
***UPDATE*** Grande Prairie RCMP report that Gerico Noskiye has been located safe and unharmed. Police want to thank the public for their help in this investigation. ***UPDATE***
==========================================================
The search is on for a missing 16-year-old girl from Grande Prairie.
RCMP describes Gerico Noskiye as 6 feet, 120 lbs, First Nations, with brown eyes and brown hair.
They were last seen in the swan city on Monday, December 26 at 12:44 PM; They were wearing a black hoody and a pair of black pants at the time.
Mounties say there is a general concern for their well-being, and would like to speak with Gerico as soon as possible.
Anyone with any information which can help in locating them can call Grande Prairie RCMP at 780-830-5701. Or, if you wish to remain anonymous, you can call Crime Stoppers by phone at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477), or by Internet at www.tipsubmit.com.
– Posted by BET (December 30, 2016. 7:03 AM; Updated, January 1, 2017, 12:00 PM)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Scranton Municipal Men's Golf Association recently presented a check to Holy Cross High School senior Thomas Bright, recipient of the John “Star” Marcinek Memorial Scholarship. Marcinek was a longtime player at the Muni, coined phrase “Muni Rat” and was the the golf coach at the former Sacred Heart High School until their death from pancreatic cancer in 2005. They also graduated from Dunmore Central Catholic, currently Holy Cross, where Marcinek also played golf. Bright is going to attend Texas A&M University to pursue a degree in political science.
It was a dominant performance by local players in Monday's Pennsylvania Amateur qualifier at Wyoming Valley Country Club.
Six of the top seven spots, and seven of the first nine went to players from the region, with Glenmaura National Golf Club's Nick Paone finishing one shot out of medalist.
Paone fired a 2-under par 69, one behind Kutztown University golfer Blake Reifsnyder.
Country Club of Scranton's David Pompey, Fox Hill's Mariano Medico and Scranton Muni's Michael Thomas tied for third at 1-under par, and C.C. of Scranton's Troy Kelleher finished even par, one better than Wyoming Valley's Tom Biscotti, who was seventh.
The top 14 players and ties qualified for the state amateur at the end of the month at Sunnehanna Country Club in Johnstown.
Also qualifying were C.C. of Scranton's Brock Neighbors (73), and Glen Oak's Kyle Williams, Fox Hill's John Mikiewicz, Scranton Muni's Kevin Rossi and Glenmaura National's Gus Steiger, all making it on the number with 4-over-par 75s.
Canoe Club
Chris Cuneo and Corey Cuneo teamed up to shoot a 3-under-par 57 to capture the W.J. Westington Memorial by four strokes over Warren Rozelle and Warren Rozelle Jr., with Robert Farrell and Robert Farrell Jr. third on a match of cards with 63. First-flight winners Bill McDermott and Ricky McDermott edged Jim Davis and J.C. Davis on a match of cards, with Bob Hiza and Dave Hiza third at 70.
C.C. of Scranton
Dan and Troy Kelleher successfully defender their Father's Day championship, going back-to-back by shooting 3-under 69 to emerge with a two-shot win in the event that featured a selected-drive, alternate-shot format.
Capturing the 19-and-older division were Terry Hurst and Terry Hurst Jr. with a 1-under 71. Rounding out the top five in that division were Jim Tressler-Jim Tressler Jr. (72), Mike and Ryan Vassil (74), Bob and Jack Knowles (78), and John and Tim Gershey, Mark and Tom Occhipinti, and Joe and Mark Murphy, all with 79s.
Bill and Will Brown were runners-up to the Kellehers in 16-to-18 division with 78, and Brad and Daniel Flickinger were third with 80.
In age 13-to-15, Ken Reinheimer-Michael Lynch Jr. (86) won a match of cards with Jerry Jordan-James Flickinger, with George and Nick Clark (88) third. In the 12-and-under, Ben and Lorenzo Domiano shot 86 with John and Kierran Boyle second.
Nine-hole winners were John and Ethan Horutz with 36, winning a scorecard playoff with Bob and Jack Davis. Finishing the top five were Ted and Charlie Stampien (37), Chris and Christopher Jordan (39), and Mark and Matt Lyons (39).
Elkview C.C.
Chalk up another major for Ken Bolcavage after they and their wife, Denise, Dave Kaplan and Renee Yenchik turned in a marvelous 11-under-par 61 to win Saturday's Clambake event. Joe Daley and Lou Margotta got plenty of help from Ellen Frank and Debbie Novack to win the second flight with a score of 68, while former Valley View golf coach Mike Walsh and their wife, Nadia, paired with Joe and Maryfran Smith to shoot 73, claiming victory in the third flight.
Elmhurst C.C.
Guy DePalma and Bob Pipcho had an eagle-birdie-birdie stretch on the front nine, then made birdie on five of the first six holes on the back to close with a 9-under 63 to win the Andy Olexovich Over/Under 62 tourney by two shots over Tom McCormick and Doug Nardella, with Jeff Ryan-Tom Sohns and Mike Bonavoglia-Dennis Ross finishing at 7 under.
Top three finishers from other flights: Second, Frank Kacvinsky-Tom Powell, Bill Coleman-Mike Coleman, Tim Dempsey-Jack Dempsey; Third, Fred Larnerd-Dave Lopatka, Art Rinaldi-Art Rinaldi III, Ted Christy-Terry Quinn; Fourth, Mark Berger-Paul Stefani, Matt Dempsey-Charlie Mecca, Jerry Dempsey-John Healey; Fifth, Frank Kulick-Jerome Potis, Joe Patchcoski-Rick Urso, Frank Goryl-Aaron Goryl; Sixth, Michael Cardone-Costas Tsaklas, Michael Brozzetti-Francis Gombar, Bill Gaynord-Peter Maruschak; Seventh, Andy Heller-Ed Mullaney, Ron Pagnotto-John Pane, David Coyne-Michael Naughton.
Emanon C.C.
Ashley Machine and Tool swept Red Mill, 3-0, to extend its lead to six points in the Industrial League. Ashley's was lead by John Mulhern and Len Coleman, who both breezed around at even-par 34. Mike Lazevnick matched par to lead the Mill.
Central Air Freight delivered three points to vault into second place as Pip McDermott (38) and Joe Bartell (39) paced the winners. Rick Laneski had 36 for Selenski Insurance.
Fiscus Law handed Falls Bridge Deli a 2½-½ loss as Pat Kerrigan shot 35 and Sean Eckenrode had 40 for Fiscus. Tony Zielen's 39 led the Deli, which slipped into third.
Andrew Bell and Dave Kettrick each shot 37 to lead R.J. Burne's shutout of Bryan Construction, with Tom Bryan Jr. carding 40. O'Connor Plumbing defeated Reliable, 2½-½, with Jack Meyer (39) and Jerry Gavin (41) showing the way. Ian Madigan topped Reliable with 42.
Fern Hall
Dave Johnson Sr. and Ron Palko are on top of the A.J.'s League, with Dave Johnson Jr. and Amy Gray second. Herb Peak's putter has been as hot as the weather as they and wife Gwen try to make a move up the standings.
■ Sally Henry-Barb DiRienzo and Marian Poveromo-Louise Clarke look like they might be the teams to beat in the Scranton Teachers League.
■ Carbondale Young Legends are led by Mitch Pope-John Jordan, with Mike Jordan-Billy Pope trailing. They're just one short of a classic basketball starting five.
■ Kevin Laguzzi-Jay Esgro continued their torrid pace with another under-par round in the Carl Spackler League. Their 33 this week has them on top, 3½ points ahead of Joe Pezanowski-Ang Castello. Nancy Cunningham continues to bail out hubby Bob with their short-game prowess.
■ Gary Cotroneo-Scott Rivenburg are just getting their game together in the Lapera Golf League, moving up in the standings, as are Pistol Apostolico-Phil Curcio.
■ The Thursday Night House League has a close bunching in the standings, with Lori Lucchesi-Andrea Beck making the biggest jump forward while Dawn and Lukie Pollits are also closing in on the top spot.
■ Tom Jubinski-Mike Henzes are on the perch of the Scottish Glen Seniors League with 13 points, one point ahead of Jack Jones-John Rosler. League CEO Elmer Zella has retired from competition but continues to lead the ranks through the season.
■ The ever-popular Glow Ball tournament will be held July 13, nine holes played in the twilight and nine holes in the dark.
Glen Oak C.C.
Scott Robinson carded a net 6-under 66 to win the Memorial by two over the trio of P.J. Farrell, Robey Schnessel and Jim Alperin. Ralph Brunori (69), Serge Levasseur (70), Tony Costanzo (70) and Dave Maddock (70) rounded out the top eight.
■ Patty Walsh and Joni Coyne had plenty of reason to party after winning the Mardi Gras-themed member-guest tourney with a low gross score of 80. Overall low net winners were Kim Mecca and Nancy Luciani with an amazing 11-under 61.
Flight winners in gross and net, respectively were: First, Lucille Marsh-Sue Marsh, Bette Connell-Wendy Seamans; Second, Lisa Cunningham-Steph Westington, Janet DeAndrea-Alicia Walsh; Third, Pat Cardoni-Gayle DeAntona, Bev Walsh-Merry Lynch; Fourth, Bonnie Rosenstein-Barbara Nivert, Carol Dembert-Kathleen Graff.
Holes-in-one
It's not quite their permanent mailing address, but it could be. That's because Scranton's Jerry Gavin owns the ninth hole at Emanon Country Club. Playing in the DAGL League, Gavin recorded their sixth hole-in-one on the 90-yard ninth using a gap wedge. It is their seventh career ace. Witnessing the feat were Bob Burke, Harry Stevens and Mike Fiscus Sr.
■ Their trip to the U.S. Open must have benefitted the game of Patrick Wilding, who scored a hole-in-one on the 215-yard 17th hole at Homestead Golf Course. Their ace came in the Blakely American Legion League, and it came during the semifinal round of the first-half playoffs. Witnesses were John Tomcho, Jerry Misiura, Chris Free and Jim Kovaleski.
■ John Gaffney aced the 198-yard 17th hole at Scranton Muni using a 4-iron. Witnessing the hole-in-one was David Zikoski.
■ Sid Prejean used their big stick to make a lot of noise on the 17th hole at Glen Oak Country Club. Teeing up their driver, Prejean knocked it into the cup from 194 yards while playing with Jim Alperin, Mike Wolk and Chris Calvey.
Honesdale G.C.
Bridget Simons and Julia Santo posted a score of 74 to win the women's Member-Guest championship for the third straight time, topping Joanne Wychowanec and Sue Kulasinky by nine shots, with Emily Bold and Jane Ott one more shot back in third.
Top three in other flights were: First, Pat McGinnis-Jill Flicking, Helen Riegler-D.J. Daniels, Therese Dux-Colleen Hook; Second, Sue Springer-Betsy Hattersley, Sue Rickard-Summer Barrouk, Cindy Hefty-Wendy Eisenhauer; Third, Ann Marie Simons-Candy Watson, Honey Fritz-Shirley Gill.
Marjon G.C.
Bill (007) Bond pulled the trigger on the first-half championship in the Senior League. Only a few points separated the top of the field, and Bond fought off they competition, with Mike Lopatka and Charlie Worthington tying for second, followed by another tie between Donnie Bockelkamp and Tom Logue. Rounding out the top 10 were Bob Stoveken, Gene Hopkins, a tie between Jack Cullen and Jim Markey, and ties between Fred Owen and Fritz Piehota, and Andy Dalbo and Joe McHugh.
■ The second half in the Thursday Night League is underway, with first-half champs Al Bendinsky-Dave Waibel coming out of the gate swinging. They took 8½ points on opening night, with Barry
Chromey-Alan Zekoski and Joe Radick-Tony Suriano one point back in a share of second. Just behind those twosomes are Rick Rosengrant-Ken Setzer and Jim DePew-Jim Patterson, both of whom registered lucky sevens.
Weekly superstar laurels go to Radick at even-par 36. Low net of 30 was shared by Ed Andrukitis and Rosengrant. Len Luba led the way with a pair of birdies, while Radick, Rosengrant, Jim Besket, Larry Stange and Paul Kozik each dropped a birdie. Radick and Gary Whitelavich showed the way with six pars apiece.
Pocono Farms C.C.
Last week we trumped the win of Chris Masters and Mark Bartkowski at the Art Wall Jr. Member-Guest, which would have been great if they had won the overall title. But the actual shootout winners and member-guest champions were Jodi Gaudette and Suzy Armbruster, who won the Lawrence Welk Flight and then survived the shootout for the title.
Red Maples G.C.
Helen Bergey, Vera Demchenko and Joan McGourty have bragging rights so far this season, sharing most pars in a round at two apiece. While pars have not been plentiful, they are in abundance compared to chip-ins. Rosemary Kucharski and Lynn Roettger have the only two so far this season.
Scott Greens G.C.
The club will host a Lawler Tour Division II tournament for ages
13-15, sponsored by the Anthracite Golf Association. Over 35 players from around the area are expected to participate in the 9-hole event Monday at 8 a.m. Some of the best junior players in our area will be competing for medals with last year's winner, James Flickinger, A Swing for Life Golf Academy student.
Stone Hedge C.C.
Golf professionals Paul Roman and Billy Ramakus will conduct a summer golf camp for juniors covering all aspects of the game. Player ages 7-10 will take part in camp July 23-25 from 9-11 a.m. Cost is $75 and lunch each day is included. For juniors ages 11-15, camp runs four days, July 23-26, 1-3 p.m., and cost is $125, also including lunch each day. The camp is limited to the first 20 golfers in each group. Call the pro shop to sign up, 570-836-5108, ext. 2.
MARTY MYERS covers local golf for The Times-Tribune. Send them your league and tournament results, interesting stories and photos to mmyers@timesshamrock.com.
Chef Aarón Sánchez returns for their second season as judge on the FOX television show ‘MasterChef.' Fox Broadcasting
Koch heir sues ex-fiancée to get giant ring back Wyatt Koch — the son of billionaire Bill Koch — is suing their ex-fiancée to get back an 8.24-carat ring after they broke off their engagement.
Koch brother urges 'severe sentence' for wine counterfeiter Billionaire William “Bill” Koch's “personal crusade” to rid the world of wine counterfeiters helped convict self-proclaimed Burgundy-expert Rudy Kurniawan, and now Koch wants a federal judge to throw the book...
A year after “the dossier,” we've got “the memo.” Political coverage will be focused on today's expected release of a four-page document, compiled by the staff of House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, a California Republican representative. It appears to be an attempt to muddy the waters around Robert Mueller's investigation.
According to people familiar with its contents, the memo casts the Mueller investigation as politically biased, and based on the infamous and mostly unconfirmed dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele. It alleges that the FBI used Steele's work to obtain a warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. A competing memo, written by House Democrats to refute Nunes's claims, was made available to the full House, but blocked by Republicans from public release.
ICYMI: “One of the most elaborate undercover stings in American journalism history”
Despite the “grave concerns” of Trump's hand-picked FBI Director, Christopher Wray, the president appears set on seeing the document released. After learning of the memo's existence in a phone call two weeks ago, Trump tuned into cable news, becoming convinced that it should be released before even reading it, according to The Washington Post.
Hosts on Fox News have been hyping the impact of the memo, with Sean Hannity leading the charge. The Daily Beast's Lachlan Markay and Asawin Suebsaeng report that Trump has been in regular contact with Hannity in recent weeks, and that the Fox primetime host has reinforced Trump's impulse to release the memo. The #ReleaseTheMemo campaign led by pro-Trump tweeters has also added fuel to the fire. “Cable news and right-wing media have shaped [Trump's] views on the issue, as they have on many other topics, far more so than the briefings or private intelligence provided by those within their administration,” Markay and Suebsaeng write.
ICYMI: It turns out that a NYT scoop wasn't that much of a scoop
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
The Mueller investigation, which has already resulted in the indictment of Trump's former campaign chairperson and their deputy, appears to be accelerating. As it gets closer to the Oval Office, Trump's media cheerleaders have ratcheted up their attacks on the credibility of Mueller and their associates. The New York Times's Charlie Savage writes that the goal of the president's allies, both in Congress and the media, is “to shift the focus away from Russian election interference and instead portray the actions of investigators as the real scandal.” What impact those efforts have on the public's trust remains to be seen.
Below, more on the coverage of the memo and its expected release.
Other notable stories
FROM THE TRUMP ISSUE: What if the right-wing media wins?
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Vernon is a CJR staff writer. Follow them on Twitter @ByPeteVernon.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Civista Bancshares in Sandusky, Ohio, has received an upgraded Community Reinvestment Act rating.
The $1.5 billion-asset company said in a press release Thursday that its CRA rating was increased to “satisfactory” from “needs to improve,” which opens up the possibility of pursuing acquisitions. Civista's latest exam was completed in May.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Its Tax Day 2018…which means if you haven't done your taxes, do them.
It also means there are specials available everywhere today…here are some that you may find in the DMV
Noodles & Company. From Wednesday, April 12 – Tuesday, April 18, Noodles & Company's “File Online, Order Online” offer gives those who file their taxes digitally (and those who don't!) $4 off any $10 purchase placed through order.noodles.com using the code “TAXDAY17” at checkout.
Office Depot & OfficeMax. Free bulk bin shredding of up to five pounds is available to help taxpayers dispose of private financial information. Visit officedepot.com/shredding to print a coupon for this free bulk bin shredding offer, valid through April 29 and can be redeemed at any Office Depot or OfficeMax stores.
Planet Fitness. From Saturday, April 15 – Saturday, April 22, consumers can receive a free HydroMassage at any Planet Fitness location. De-stressers need only bring in a coupon available on PlanetFitness.com (starting April 15) before relaxing their cares away.
JetBlue. This year, JetBlue is giving customers the chance to win a one-way flight with the first-ever JetBlue Tax Return Return Flight. Here's how it works: (1) Visit JetBlueTaxReturnFlight.com before April 25; (2) Fill out the required fields and let us know if you owe money this year to Uncle Sam. Clicking “yes” will enter you to win a one-way flight; and (3) Wait to see if you win! We will notify you if you've won a one-way flight for your next trip on JetBlue.
BLT Steak
1625 I St., NW
This downtown steakhouse is offering 50% off all alcoholic beverages all day long, including cocktails, craft beers, and wines by the bottle and glass.
Centrolina
974 Palmer Alley, NW
Grab a free drip coffee with any purchase in the market of this CityCenterDC Italian venture, offered 8 am to 11 am. The bar/restaurant pours a special $9 cocktail all day and evening.
Trummer's on Main
7134 Main St., Clifton, VA
Feel fancy for less with $1 Rappahannock oysters and $7 sparkling wines by the glass, available for both lunch and dinner.
Osteria Morini
301 Water St., SE
Happy hour runs all day at this Navy Yard Italian. Dig into $10 bowls of house-made pasta from 5 to 10 pm, and enjoy 20 % off all drinks (imported beers, hand-crafted cocktails, scotches, and more) all day.
Hula Girl
4044 Campbell Ave., The Village at Shirlington
Enjoy an extended happy hour from 5 to 9 pm with $20 bottles of vintage wines.
Kapnos Taverna, Kapnos Kouzina, and Kapnos
4000 Wilson Blvd., Arlington; 4900 Hampden Ln., Bethesda; 2201 14th St., NW
Drink in an all-day happy hour in the bar of Kapnos Taverna (Arlington) and Kouzina (Bethesda). The DC flagship offers an extended hour, available until 9 pm.
Pepita Cantina
4000 Wilson Blvd., Arlington
This Mexican bar/restaurant celebrates Tax Day with an all-day happy hour.
Requin
Mosaic District, 8296 Glass Alley, Fairfax
Celebrate the end of tax season with extended hours for Requin's happy hour menu (available until 9 pm).
Graffiato
707 6th St., NW
Graffiato is offering an all-day happy hour at the bar with specials on drinks and food.
G by Mike Isabella
2201 14th St., NW
Mike Isabella's casual restaurant next to Kapnos is offering an all-day happy hour menu at the bar for Tax Day.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Dallas Cowboys defensive end DeMarcus Ware (94) takes down New Orleans Saints tight end Benjamin Watson (82) in the first half at Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Sunday, November 10, 2013. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
If the Cowboys went into next week's NFL Draft concerned only with filling needs, they should simply choose the best pass rusher available as soon as they go on the clock.
It's far from a secret. All of the other 31 teams know Rod Marinelli's group needs help getting to the quarterback. It's the biggest reason the Cowboys have come up short in the divisional round two of the last three years.
The best way to improve a pass rush is by addressing it early in the draft.
"Just as much as we need a pass rusher I think it'd be a huge mistake to say we can't get out of the first round without a pass rusher," Cowboys executive vice president Stephen Jones said at the scouting combine. "I think that's how you make a big mistake."
The problem with elite pass rushers is that they are usually off the board within the top 15 picks. Sixteen players finished with 10 or more sacks last season. Five of them were drafted in the top 15. Eight of them were taken in the top 25.
The Cowboys don't have that luxury this year. They have picked No. 28 overall. There is the option of trading up a few spots if a player they like starts slipping, but it's unlikely they'd be willing to part with enough to get in the top 15.
Priyanka Chopra's mother, Madhu Chopra today responded to the notice for illegal construction that was issued to the actor by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying they are cooperating with the officials, the spokesperson said. Them statement comes a day after the BMC pulled up the Quantico actor for allegedly carrying out illegal constructions at their spa and salon in suburban Oshiwara.
Also Read: Ranbir Kapoor Reveals That He's Addicted To Something Which Is WORSE Than Drugs!
"We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures," a spokesperson for Chopra said in a statement.
Yesterday, a civic official said the BMC had received complaints of alleged irregularities in construction of Charishma Beauty Spa and Salon, owned by the actor. If Chopra fails to comply with the notice, the BMC will demolish the illegal alterations, they said.
TOI had quoted a senior official from the BMC by saying, "We earlier wrote them asking to regularize the unauthorized changed after paying the penalty and removed other illegal changes which cannot be approved. But they didn't bother to pay any attention after which we sent them notice under the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act (MRTP). If they fail to reply on this, we will demolish the illegal construction at both the premises."
(PTI News)
By Lars Larson
We seem to live in the land of stupid decisions lately. Let me offer up the latest examples I've seen.
Roseanne, the TV star, up late at night with a dose of Ambien on board, whips out their Twitter account and blows up their career and the jobs of dozens of friends by comparing a former Obama employee to an Ape.
Stupid.
Starbucks, which figured out how to sell 30 cents worth of coffee and milk in a paper cup for up to five bucks…decides to shut down its entire company for half a day for political correctness.
Stupid.
A few months ago, a high school throws a kid out of class for wearing a pro-Trump Tee shirt.
Stupid.
That generated a lawsuit that wastes taxpayer money, and last night a Federal Judge imposes a temporary injunction declaring the government-run Liberty High School in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
Smart that fixes stupid.
It's time to put a stop to stupid…start making some sensible decisions.
We live in a great country, with liberties more abundant than any other place on earth…and we seem to be consumed by a desire to blow the whole thing up.
The post Lars Thoughts: Let's Put a Stop To Stupid appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
This story is about Published 3h
'We're just going to continue to ride': How Jaylon Smith ditched their brace and got their confidence back Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys linebacker Jaylon Smith (54) is pictured during Dallas Cowboys OTA football practice at the Star in Frisco on Wednesday, May 23, 2018. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
By David Moore , Staff Writer Contact David Moore on Twitter: @DavidMooreDMN
FRISCO -- The brace has been discarded. Jaylon Smith can't even tell you where it is at the moment. What the Cowboys linebacker can tell you is that they feel "more like myself'' than at any point since that devastating knee injury 29 months ago. Their confidence and muscle mass is up, their body fat is down and a new-found love for yoga helps with their flexibility and focus. "Everything just feels better, from my emotion to my quickness to my explosiveness to my overall knowledge of the game,'' Smith said Wednesday afternoon after the Cowboys completed their fifth organized team activity of the offseason.
10 things to know about Jaylon Smith, including their old Burger King job and their return from a major injury
"It's all about God's timing and going to continue to get better in that race to 100 percent. It's out of my hands, out of everyone's hands. "We're just going to continue to ride.'' The ride no longer includes the ankle-foot orthosis (AFO) they wore all last season. Smith did more than rip their anterior cruciate ligament in the 2016 Fiesta Bowl. They damaged their peroneal nerve to the point it no longer functioned, leaving them unable to lift their left foot toward their shin. Once they regained the ability to partially flex their foot upward they were unable to slap it down with any force. The AFO was an essential element in their return. The brace began just above their ankle and ended with a custom plate positioned under their left foot. There was nothing on their knee or shin. An assist spring made the brace more flexible and dynamic. Smith hasn't worn the device during OTAs. While they didn't throw the AFO away -- they joke (?) it will figure prominently in their documentary -- they swear they have no idea where to find it. That happens with items you no longer need. "I feel more free, being able to move truly, if you will,'' Smith said. Defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli said they no longer notices a hitch in Smith's step. The movement is more fluid. Jason Garrett notices a confidence in Smith that healthy players take for granted. The Cowboys head coach sees the natural movement the club scouted in the linebacker when they were a star at Notre Dame. "Maybe more than anything else, I think he's moving more spontaneously now,'' Garrett said. "You see them maybe get in a compromising position and react their way out of it physically maybe better than they had before.''
Smith feels faster now than they did in their final season with the Irish. They recently clocked a 3.98 in the 20-yard shuttle. Their best time last season was 4.03. Only part of the improvement can be traced to tossing the AFO. They have added eight pounds of muscle since the end of the season while their body fat has dipped to 3.5 percent. "Good genes,'' they said. Smith no longer has to worry about their left foot hurting at the end of practice as they did every day last season. The brace didn't hinder them as much as it annoyed him. "I didn't care about having to wear the brace or not,'' Smith said. "I wanted to play.
"I played the full, entire season at the highest level. So it's something I knew I could do. It's just getting that opportunity and having people believe in me. I was able to do that. "To have the brace off now, it's an extra added value what I bring to the table just being able to accelerate my growth.'' Yoga is something else Smith has incorporated into their offseason routine. Their astrological sign was a factor. "I'm a Gemini,'' they said. "I'm very observant. I just thought, 'hey, why don't I try to work on my flexibility more and learning how to breathe and learning how to really focus?'
Cowboys LB Jaylon Smith hopes to play brace-free in 2018, says they can be better than they were pre-injury
"That's something that yoga provides.'' Smith began the discipline in January and in their own words, "fell in love with it.'' When they returned to their home in Fort Wayne, Indiana they had a teacher come to their house to lead the session. When they returned to Frisco they showed up at Yoga on Main at 8 a.m. one day for a hot yoga class and kept going back. He's the only NFL starting linebacker in the class. He's also the only male. Smith's classmates are surprised at how flexible they are for someone "with all my muscles and everything. "I mean, the ladies are nice but it's all about getting the job done,'' Smith said. Smith spent their time at middle linebacker last season. That appears to be the best position for first round pick Leighton Vander Esch. But Smith should also be able to play strongside linebacker with their size and speed. Marinelli said they don't intend to move anyone until down the road. "Wherever they want me,'' Smith said. "I can do it all.'' He's certainly doing more than they were 12 months ago. "Hey, I'm taking it all in,'' Smith said. "I'm going to be great, want to be great for this team, for my brothers.''
The "Follow This Story" feature will notify you when any articles related to this story are posted.
When you follow a story, the next time a related article is published — it could be days, weeks or months — you'll receive an email informing you of the update.
If you no longer want to follow a story, click the "Unfollow" link on that story. There's also an "Unfollow" link in every email notification we send you.
This tool is available only to subscribers; please make sure you're logged in if you want to follow a story.
Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Just days before thousands of activists are expected to visit the nation's capital in support of increased gun control and school safety, Eric Trump on Monday took to Twitter to say that shooting played a positive role in their upbringing.
“It kept me away from drinking, drugs, taught me safety, discipline, consentration and so many other positive life lessons,” President Donald Trump's middle son tweeted, misspelling “concentration.”
Adding, “It has brought generations of children together with parents, grandparents and other role models.”
Their comments brought swift social media reprisal from some posters.
Others rallied to their defense.
Eric Trump and their older brother, Donald Trump Jr., avid game hunters, drew criticism when photos surfaced of a hunting trip to Zimbabwe in 2012 which showed the brothers posing next to various dead animals.
Those in favor of increased gun control and school safety have also spoken out about how the raging debate has impacted their generation.
“Not one more. We cannot allow one more child to be shot at school. We cannot allow one more teacher to make a choice to jump in front of a firing assault rifle to save the lives of students,” the organizers of a “March for Our Lives” rally being held on March 24 said in their online mission statement. “In the tragic wake of the seventeen lives brutally cut short in Florida, politicians are telling us that now is not the time to talk about guns. March For Our Lives believes the time is now.”
The march was organized by students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida where 17 people were killed during a deadly shooting rampage on Valentine's Day.
A month later, students walked out of their classes for 17 minutes, in honor of each of the victims.
On the same day of the walkout, the National Rifle Association of America shared a message of their own on Twitter.
“I'll control my own guns, thank you,” The NRA tweeted out along with an image of an AR-style rifle.
The organization also tweeted out a recorded message from Chris Cox, executive director of the NRA-ILA, where they said gun control activists are “blaming good honest people for acts of murderers.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Nonpartisan analysts project that 14 million people would lose coverage next year under the House bill dismantling former President Barack Obama's health care law. The estimate is a blow to Republicans.
Monday's estimate by the Congressional Budget Office says the number of uninsured would grow to 24 million by 2026.
The projections give fuel to opponents who warn the measure would toss millions of voters off insurance plans. Criticism has come from Democrats, Republicans from states that benefit from Obama's law and many corners of the health-care industry.
President Donald Trump backs the GOP plan.
Republican leaders have said their aim is to lower health care costs. They say coverage statistics are misleading because many people covered under Obama's law have high out-of-pocket costs that make health care unaffordable.
Murray State's Derrik Watson became the 30th Racer in program history to be selected in the Major League Baseball Draft Wednesday afternoon as they were selected in the 25th round by the Colorado Rockies.
Watson, a senior from St. Louis, becomes the first Racer since Wes Cunningham in 2010 to be selected in the draft. Cunningham was picked in the 17th round that season.
In their two seasons at MSU, Watson appeared in 33 games and pitched 41.2 innings while recording a record of 3-3, including going 2-0 in 2016. This past season, Watson made 21 appearances out of the bullpen for the Racers.
In addition to Watson's selection, a pair of Racers signees from the 2016 recruiting class were also selected Wednesday. The New York Mets picked Jack Schneider, from Owensboro and Daviess County High School, in the 11th round. While Will Moriarty was taken in the 32nd round by the Texas Rangers. Moriarty went to South Oldham High School in Crestwood, Ky.
Courtesy: Murray State Athletics
Follow WPSD Sports on Facebook by clicking here.
Follow WPSD Sports on Twitter by clicking here.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:49 Morro Bay police share details of homicide investigation
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
Gunmen posing as military have taken dozens of hostages at a restaurant in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, after ramming a gate with a car bomb, killing at least 14. Extremist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility....
read more...
Published By: DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Berisha sets A-league goal scoring record in Australia
hello
MELBOURNE, Australia -- Albanian striker Besart Berisha set an A-League record when they converted a penalty in Melbourne Victory's 4-2 win over Newcastle Jets on Monday night, giving them 91 career goals in Australia's top-flight competition.
The win kept Victory within seven points of league-leading Sydney FC after 13 rounds.
The 31-year-old Berisha overtook Archie Thompson, another former Victory striker, for outright first among scorers in the league that was launched in 2005-06. They stepped up after a Jets player was penalized for handball in the area in the 30th minute and had no trouble from the spot, registering their 10th goal of the season.
A market trader, an art dealer and an estate agent on the art of selling
This is the best valentines in my life, I love life, family, friends and more than anything mi flaka & my boy on their way 😍✌🏼🍾 feliz día del amor y la amistad para todos disfruten con esa o esas personas especiales ❤️👻 happy valentines days my people #valentineday #family #god🙏
A post shared by Elvis Andrus (@elvis_andrus1988) on Feb 14, 2017 at 9:23am PST
Masterpiece, the upcoming film of Mammootty is high on expectations and this complete entertainer will mark its big arrival during the upcoming Christmas season.
Initially, the makers of Masterpiece came up with some captivating posters of the film, followed by a perfect teaser. In the past week, the makers of the film came up with the first official trailer of the film, which had made it to the headlines
Meanwhile, certain updates regarding Mohanlal's upcoming big project Lucifer and Dileep starrer Professor Dinkan, also hogged the headlines.
Keep scrolling down to read about all these and other important news in the latest edition of Mollywood news of the week..
This story is about
Share This Story On...
Ken Hitchcock smiles is introduced as the Dallas Stars new coach during a press conference at the American Airlines Center on Thursday, April 13, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
New Stars head coach Ken Hitchcock held a Twitter Q&A to interact with fans. Here are some highlights.
What they missed most about Texas:
As the Jets cleared out their lockers on Monday for a sixth consecutive “baggies day'' that followed a playoff-less season, one underlying theme bubbled to the surface as a significant contributor to their disappointing, underachieving 5-11 finish: a locker room too divided and without enough positive chemistry.
On Sunday, after the Jets' 30-10 season-finale win over the Bills at MetLife Stadium, cornerback Darrelle Revis shed light on those combative locker room moments casting a “dark cloud'' over the team this year.
On Monday, as some players reflected on the season, the lack of locker-room harmony clearly was an issue.
“When you see bad things going on, you almost lose your purpose,'' receiver Quincy Enunwa said. “When the team doesn't feel like a team, then you start doing it for yourself. The losing didn't help, but it was kind of a mindset that just kind of spread, and it wasn't good.
“I think it can be fixed,'' Enunwa went on. “We know what we need to do. Hindsight is 20-20. I think looking at it now, we know, Coach [Todd] Bowles knows. There are going to be a lot of changes, and I think they're going to be for the better.''
Asked if Bowles could have done a better job curbing in-house player dissension, Enunwa said: “I applaud Coach Bowles' effort. They did what they were supposed to do. They did what they needed to do. But we have to also police the locker room. It's about us policing ourselves as well.''
One player who tried to be a leader, but also was a center of a few storms, was receiver Brandon Marshall, who clashed with defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson dating back to a locker-room argument they had in Kansas City in Week 3. It was their postgame spat that first revealed an issue, and it seemed to linger.
“When you lose, everything's challenged,'' Marshall said Monday. “It's personal. In this environment, there are a lot of things tested. There's so much tension. We were tested this year. Relationships were tested. There was a lot of tension.
“What matters is what we do moving forward and how we pick up the pieces. The strong teams, the good locker rooms, are the ones that can pick themselves up from it. It wasn't perfect this year. In retrospect, there were a lot of things I can do differently. I can work on my timing, but I'm totally fine with my approach this year.”
Marshall called the locker-room strife something that “comes with only winning five games and having the type of year we had.''
“When this happened, everyone's digging and searching for something to point the finger at,'' they said. “That's expected, especially in this market. You just have to be tough.''
After the Bills game Sunday, when Richardson was asked if they could “co-exist'' with Marshall on the same team next year, they said, “No comment.'' That was a clear indication that whatever issues they had during Week 3 remain months later.
On Monday, Marshall was much softer and more effusive about Richardson when asked the same question.
“Sheldon's a great talent,'' Marshall said. “He has a big heart. This guy loves football.''
Marshall said they were moved when they heard Richardson speak to the team after they were suspended earlier this season, saying, “From that moment, all I saw was this guy be committed to being a better person and being a better teammate.''
“He's been getting better every single day,'' Marshall said. “Has it been perfect? No, but this guy is light years from where they were last year. I commend them for that.''
Enunwa, for one, said they understand where Marshall is coming from with their vocal nature, but they also understand how it rubs some teammates the wrong way.
“For me, with Brandon, I always make sure that I hear the message rather than the delivery of the message,'' Enunwa said. “That's not easy for everybody. People are going to say some things in the heat of the moment, and you're not always going to agree with what they say, but sometimes there's a hidden message. I got what they were saying. I've always gotten what they said.''
Quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick said: “For everybody in this locker room, losing takes its toll. We put so much time and effort each week into the gameplan and so much work in the offseason that it's tough on everybody when you're losing games.
“I was proud of the way we finished, staying together and winning the last game, but it's not an easy thing for anybody with the adversity, the pressure and the expectations and not being able to meet any of those, it makes a tough year for everybody.''
Linebacker Lorenzo Mauldin said they sensed a different feel from this year's team than last year's that went 10-6.
“Last year, we went through a lull and pushed ourselves out of it,'' they said. “After the first three games this year, I felt, ‘Oh, we'll come out of it.' But it was like we didn't have the same spark as we did last year. We just didn't give enough. We didn't fight like we did last year.''
Except with one another.
Dear America:
I am lost at the National Zoo
this leafy warm Thanksgiving weekend,
somewhere near the bipedal red pandas,
whose wedding-hat tails drape like wisteria
from branches just 2.6 miles from the
White House kitchen garden where puckered
kale will soon freeze and curl, but closer
I think to the source of sweet whiffs of straw
and dung from another large species, which,
even armed with prehistoric hide and horn,
may also feel sad in this afternoon light, despite
swarms of polyglot children squealing Bei Bei,
soft wave of kids licking the glass, short slice
of the 2.5 million visitors who've come
to your zoo this year, even on Election Day
when I was in a Philadelphia suburb,
twitchy from the swing-state full-court press
but not lost like now—skirting Small Mammals,
searching for The Think Tank, wanting
to see Batang kiss their new son, Redd,
glimpse daddy Kyle brachiating overhead,
orange as acid mine drainage, hoping
that from their place in the sky they might
be able to see through bamboo stands
and light-wrapped trees, throngs of stroller
pushers, zebra-stalking cheetahs, first-date
nuzzlers, and point me to a place beyond
the screechy flamboyance of flamingoes,
higher, where I can see all 2016 zoo-goers
at once, crowded against cages, spilling
into the moats that separate us from beasts,
and recount their sweet upturned faces,
earnest otter eyes, extant and assembled,
to picture them in sum—plus 365,000 more—
scared, sandwiched together on Lion-Tiger Hill,
rounded up with goats in the Kids' Farm corral,
waving from the roof of the Great Cats Gift Shop
—who together are your Lost Citizens,
the 2.8 million who each believed a vote
was a voice that would be heard, each
a peacock's scream or lioness' roar—
soundstorm of animal certainty, derecho
of deep human desire, so very sure our
collective shout would have your impartial
ear, rightly grab your untamed heart.
Deborah Fries' first visit to the National Zoo in 1958 was clouded by tragedy: a toddler had been snatched and killed by a lion the previous day. Them most recent visit to the 127-year-old Smithsonian treasure was disquieted by flashbacks of big cats, the Cold War, and tragedies you didn't expect.  They are the author of two books of poetry. Them recent poems and essays can be found in the Philadelphia Inquirer, Grit, Gravity & Grace, 0-Dark-Thirty, Philadelphia Stories, Narrative Matters, and Poet Lore.
Read poetry by Deborah Fries previously appearing in Terrain.org:
first visit to the National Zoo in 1958 was clouded by tragedy: a toddler had been snatched and killed by a lion the previous day. Them most recent visit to the 127-year-old Smithsonian treasure was disquieted by flashbacks of big cats, the Cold War, and tragedies you didn't expect.  They are the author of two books of poetry. Them recent poems and essays can be found in the Philadelphia Inquirer, Grit, Gravity & Grace, 0-Dark-Thirty, Philadelphia Stories, Narrative Matters, and Poet Lore.Read poetry by Deborah Fries previously appearing in Terrain.org: four poems and two poems
Header photo of zebra at zoo by Igorowitsch, courtesy Pixabay. Photo of Deborah Fries at the National Zoo in 1958 courtesy Deborah Fries.
Dr. Shivank Bhatia is an interventional radiologist at UHealth, the University of Miami Health System who works in partnership with UHealth Urologists to treat patients with enlarged prostate using a minimally invasive procedure called Prostate Artery Embolization (PAE). To make an appointment, call 305-243-5509.
Click here for more about Prostate Artery Embolization on the University of Miami's health news blog.
ELY'S STORY
For years, Ely Gutfreund's life was ruled by symptoms related to an enlarged prostate, including a frequent and urgent need to urinate. On business flights, they always sat in the aisle seat of the last row of the plane to be close to the restroom. When visiting a new place, they immediately scoped out bathroom locations. Work presentations – and life in general – was constantly interrupted because of their condition. Also known as benign prostatic hyperplasia (BHP), it affects 60 percent of men over the age of 60.
“It was so debilitating,” says Ely, who is 67. “I knew I couldn't continue that way.”
Ely wanted to avoid transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP), a surgery that is the standard of care for patients with BPH. When their symptoms progressed to a point they could no longer tolerate, Ely's urologist referred them to Dr. Shivank Bhatia, an interventional radiologist at UHealth, the University of Miami Health System.
Dr. Bhatia has led multiple clinical trials on a procedure called Prostate Artery Embolization (PAE), a minimally invasive procedure with few side effects that has recently been approved by the FDA for treatment of symptomatic Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.
Using a catheter threaded through the wrist or groin and aided by X-ray technology to ensure accurate placement, Dr. Bhatia injects thousands of small particles into (something, which blocks) the prostate's blood supply, resulting in a 30 to 40 percent decrease in the size of the prostate gland and significant relief of symptoms for most patients.
Doctors at UHealth have performed more PAE procedures than at any other health system in the country. Dr. Bhatia says their patients are thrilled and grateful. Ely is one of them. “I'm a new man,” they say.
A TEAM APPROACH
Dr. Bhatia works closely with UHealth's urology team to determine the best course of action for each patient. They believe a coordinated, multi-disciplinary approach to patient care sets University of Miami Health System apart from other health care providers. “The collaboration with urology is very important,” they say. “A patient sees a urology colleague and myself on the same day and we offer them a variety of treatment options, because one size does not fit all.”
“We have this amazing research hospital right them in our backyard,” says Ely. “There should be no man in Florida with a prostate problem who isn't cured.”
FOCUSING ON YOU
Focusing on You: Innovations in Modern Medicine is a series of healthcare-related stories airing regularly on CBS4. For more stories like this one, visit YouTube channels for UHealth, the University of Miami Health System.
Above content provided by UHealth, the University of Miami Health System
A drunk driver in a Jeep caused a crash early Saturday in the Bronx that killed one person and injured another, police said. (Published 2 hours ago)
A drunk driver caused a chain-reaction crash involving five vehicles early Saturday that killed a man and injured a woman, police said.
The collision began when a black Jeep, driven by a 54-year-old man, T-boned a Nissan Altima on Burke Avenue in the Bronx shortly before 3 a.m., the NYPD said.
The Altima spun out of control and hit another car, police said. The driver of the Altima, a 31-year-old man, was killed, police said. Their passenger was injured but is expected to survive.
The Jeep continued to hit two parked cars, police said.
The driver of the Jeep was taken to Einstein Hospital and charged with driving under the influence, police said.
For a ~limited time only~, M&M's is selling an Orange Vanilla Cream flavor. Per the Amazon description, they are "NEW! 8oz Bag! Delicious! White Chocolate with Refreshing Orange Vanilla Cream! Brand-New M&M's!"
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Besides "NEW!" and "Brand New!" the candy is also supposed to be exclusive to Dollar General, says The Impulsive Buy.
The white chocolate outside-y part is supposed to mesh delightfully with the creamy orange inside-ish bits, according to those who've gotten their hands on the flavor since it dropped. If there were any Dollar Generals within a 50-mile radius of my current location, I'd have tried them out and told you myself, but alas.
For now, I guess I'll have to make due with the white chocolate, pumpkin pie, cookies and cream, caramel, strawberry nut, and triple chocolate flavors. Womp.
Follow Tess on Twitter.
Starr Rhett Rocque
Tonight's episode of Insecure is all about the womps, mostly. It starts with Issa linking up with their girls, Molly and Kelli, to head to “Kiss n Grind,” a party where singles are supposed to mingle. Issa is still tryna be in their heaux phase and still hasn't realized she's about that life. Whatever. Daniel is back. That becomes evident when Issa sees them at the party from across the room. They freak out at first, but decides to be a big girl and talk to him. That conversation is awkward, of course, especially when they bring up that thing between them that lead to their breakup with Lawrence. When that awkward convo is finally over, Issa decides to meet up with a Tinder boo for the first time (still at Kiss n Grind), and that's awkward too. They basically shade the life out of them by making little comments about their hair and their voice.
Womp womp.
In Lawrence World, they end up at a supermarket where they forgot their wallet and these two Darth Beckies behind them are kind enough to get the tab. They follow them to the parking lot, because they're obviously attracted to him. The eyes they're giving them is a dead giveaway, but it because especially apparent when they note that they look like “Craig.” Hmmm. Anyway, they even convince Lawrence not to go kick it with their boys like they initially intended to do. You know where this is going, right?
Molly is faring well at the Kiss n Grind at first. They meet up with Dro, their ex, who is married, by the way, and they start chatting. The vibe seems cool and innocent-ish until they start grinding to Juvenile's “Slow Motion.” Molly cuts it short when they realize what's happening, because the grinding was a little too hot and heavy. Dro informs them that there's nothing wrong with this because they and their wife are…”open.”
Open. Marriage. You know Milly isn't about that life.
Womp womp.
Back to Lawrence. That supermarket situation with the Beckies led to a threesome and there's more. They fetishized him. Basically, they finished with one and couldn't get it up with the other so they got pissed and start talking about how they've been with a bunch of other black guys who could finish and keep going with no problem. Then they decide to go somewhere else to pick up another guy, but not before snorting a few lines of coke.
Womp womp.
Later one, they find themselves parked outside of Issa's apartment while lying to Chad over the phone about how dope their tryst was. They never goes into the apartment, but you can clearly see that he's broken. Lawrence, fix your life.
Molly and Issa don't have luck at the Kiss n Grind, but Kelli does. As a matter of fact, their guy invites them out for a night cap so they all go grab some grub. Issa and Molly are third and fourth-wheeling it and things get super weird when Kelli and their boy toy start acting odd mid-conversation. Basically Kelli is getting fingered under the table. Meanwhile, Daniel is also at the spot. He's sitting at a table across from where Issa is sitting and peeps this whole situation. He's cracking up as they text Issa wtf is happening? Issa laughs at the situation to, but she's also flustered so they join Daniel and the episode ends.
RELATED POSTS
‘Insecure' Recap: Molly Is Unbothered While On A Date, Issa Has Wack Sex With Them Neighbor
‘Insecure' Recap: Lawrence Makes Their Final Decision About Issa (Allegedly)
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
DAVIE, FLA. (WSVN) - Davie Police are on the lookout for the person who robbed a check cashing store, Monday morning.
According police, the man, armed with a gun, robbed the Advance America store near Southwest 61st Avenue and Stirling Road, at around 8:30 a.m.
The man got away with an undisclosed amount of money.
If you have any information on this armed robbery, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
From CIoTO to automation architect, new IT roles are rising to fill emerging needs. Some may fizzle, but others may have a long future thanks to underlying IT trends.
Unusual job titles aren't new in the IT world. Before the Twitter ninja and social media rockstar, before the webmaster was hired to conjure up HTML sorcery, there was the software evangelist, an IT job title that merged the worlds of sales and religion. In the early '80s an Apple executive coined the term for an Apple marketer who would praise the first Macintosh to potential developers and customers.
Since then, as firms have looked to boost innovation, cut costs, or improve security, new IT job titles have been forged to catch attention and signal a possible way forward. Scan IT job sites like Glassdoor, Indeed or LinkedIn and you'll see bizarre IT job one-offs – Microsoft, for example, has a chief storyteller, and Google a chief futurist -- but also hundreds of (somewhat) recent additions and with openings like innovation manager.
Here, we look at 7 new or newly focused IT positions that experts say may sound a bit strange but are needed in today's workplace and are here to stay.
Cloud cost containment officer/negotiator
As the use of software as a service increases, companies are looking for someone to manage short-term and long-term cloud costs. This role typically requires someone with a mix of business and technical skills.
[ Don't get caught in a dead end. Read The working dead: IT jobs bound for extension. | Check out the hottest jobs in IT and the most valuable IT certs today. | Get the latest insights by signing up for our CIO newsletter. ]
Todd Loeppke, lead CTO architects for Sungard Availability Services, says the new title is significant in the context of large-scale cloud platforms from Microsoft, Amazon and Google. The position “requires insight into the native tools the platform provides -- like Trusted Advisor on AWS -- as well as computing options like reserve instances and the different term options that are available,” Loeppke says. “The use and management of a spot instance market [bidding on spare computing capacity at a discount] could also be included here.”
The role of this cloud flight attendant, according to Joe Kinsella, CTO and founder of CloudHealth Technologies, may be expanded to include governance and compliance.
“This position will continue to gain traction in the enterprise,” Kinesella says. “I see this person reporting into a title such as the director of cloud strategy as their right-hand person that helps execute the strategy and business operations.”
CIoTO (chief IoT officer)
A chief IoT officer would be tasked with integrating new product development with the IT department, as new internet-connected products (and potentially systems across entire businesses) are developed.
Melissa Kolodziej, senior director at Attunity, sees this role appealing to larger companies that would hire CIoTOs to develop IoT strategy and initiatives.
“The IoT market and supporting technologies are changing and growing so fast,” Kolodziej says. “A competent senior leader can bring clarity so that organizations can benefit more quickly and easily from the comprehensive analytics that IoT feeds. Companies that do it right can make swift gains in competitive advantage now and into the future.”
Sungard's Loeppke says a chief IoT officer will make sense for some companies, while others might prefer different titles to absorb massive amounts of data collected from IoT devices. A chief AI officer or chief bot officer, managing policy and practices, might make more sense.
“AI requires large data sets for learning, and who ‘owns' that data will keep the legal department and chief data officer busy,” says Loeppke. “Terms and conditions that consumers readily accept for a free application on their phone will start to push more into the enterprise space since most services will need more data to provide more business value.”
Data protection officer
As the EU preps for its data protection law, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to go into effect next year, companies are considering whether they need new positions that will help them stay in compliance with the GDPR, which aims to provide digital privacy to those in Europe. One such title is data protection officer.
“Organizations like ours are building and maintaining a privacy program to better equip ourselves in the future for new regulations like GDPR,” says George Gerchow, VP of security and compliance at Sumo Logic. “If you have a privacy program that is effective, you can just absorb the new regulations and manage any gaps. We are also seeing the emergence of business security analysts who spend most of their time working lines of business on their project requirements and overall security posture DNA.”
Yann Guernion, director of product marketing at Automic Software, says it's not clear whether the GDRP will affect job creation.
“The GDRP does not enforce having a full-time DPO. This is a responsibility an employee can have on top of other missions,” Guernion says. “It will mainly depend on how serious companies will be with their data management strategy -- just reaching the minimum level of compliance, or taking the opportunity to review critical processes and tools to reach higher levels of security and performance. With GDPR coming in less than one year, companies with better data automation might take a competitive advantage. As usual, speed is of the essence.”
Devops manager/VP of devops
Of the job titles here, devops managers are likely the most prevalent. There are thousands of postings for someone who can wrangle IT needs and development, with salaries ranging just below to mid six figures. Job descriptions list requirements like managing teams of engineers, tracking costs and tracking (and implementing) new technology.
“Devops manager is becoming more mainstream,” says Sungard's Loeppke. “[The role is] especially important in large organizations where the use of automated testing and tools that manage code pipelines are still an unnatural approach.”
A number of listings we found also sought someone who can develop automation processes for troubleshooting and maintaining production systems and admin functions.
“The focus now is on development efficiency through automation,” says David Linthicum, senior VP of cloud technology partners, “and the ability to perform tasks more quickly and more effectively. Devops has been a big push for the last several years, and they require new roles to make devops organizations effective.”
Penetration tester
Most IT pros say it's not a matter of whether a company needs a penetration tester but what kind — and whether the hire is a full-time gig. Either way, the era of hackers on the payroll is upon us.
“Depending on the engagement, penetration testers might need to attack networks, hardware, applications, or the people that use those assets,” says Charles Henderson, global head of IBM X-Force Red. “Most offensive security professionals will have skills in social engineering, data exfiltration, software exploitation and vulnerability research. The traits of the penetration tester are actually far more valuable, since curiosity and ingenuity often outweigh technical skill.”
Henderson says there are two questions to ask before a hire is made: Is there enough work to keep a full-time penetration tester engaged? And would that person have the skills necessary to test every likely type of vulnerability?
“Some organizations might benefit from an in-house testing team if they have multiple projects running concurrently,” they say, “but most organizations require testing in bursts. The other consideration is that security testing requires highly specialized skillsets that are relevant to the project at hand. Using a managed service for security testing allows for flexible on-demand projects that are supported by the appropriate skills.”
Mike Fitzmaurice, VP of workflow technology at Nintex, comes down hard on the side of hiring outside testers.
“I would not recommend, under any circumstances, hiring them in-house,” Fitzmaurice says. “If you must, keep them out of the IT reporting chain. You can't have penetration testers establish relationships with, well, anyone else. It would change the way they view your environment and any available threat vectors. Too much inside knowledge opens certain cognitive doors and inevitably closes off others. To protect IT from outsiders, you need people who think like outsiders. Hire outsiders and rotate them so different people are trying different things. This position should be in demand for a long time -- by security firms.”
The risks go beyond traditional networks and IoT devices, especially as more companies farm out services to the cloud.
“Ultimately it is the needs of the enterprise — post [the hacks of] Target and Home Depot — that really pushed penetration into the spotlight,” saysRuss Wickless of Schellman and Co.'s threat and vulnerability assessment team. “Penetration testing can range in duties across a broad spectrum of work. Engagements can be anything from testing applications in the cloud to an on premise social engineering exercise to test a company's physical security.”
Innovation manager
An innovation manager could wear different hats depending on the company — and some have argued innovation should be baked into each department as a matter of course. Nevertheless, the speed of change in business has some firms hiring an executive to keep an eye on emerging technology.
“Innovation managers are focused on defining and developing new processes, products or services,” says Cloud Technology Partners' Linthicum. “Often working for the chief innovation officer, they are the ones that are asked to have their minds on the future, and think creatively.”
Gopinathan Padmanabhan, who is, in fact, a chief innovation officer (and president) of global delivery at IT services company Mphasis, argues the role of innovation manager is to seek out challenges — and find solutions by developing projects with business partners and customers.
“Developing cutting-edge IT needs to be fast,” Padmanabhan says. “Today's competitive market requires a wide range of skills: digital strategy, development and user experience … data, research and operations — and that can be hard to find quickly. We find that working hand-in-hand with our partners allows us to build a strong talent pool. This role is critical for not only future-proofing our company with an experienced team, but to develop and maintain key relationships with our customers to deliver real business value and impact.”
Automation architect
Automation is, of course, an old tech standby, but as companies seek to automate their data centers, new challenges arise that require an actual human to address them. Job posting service ZipRecruiter says this job title saw nearly 500 percent growth from 2016 to 2017.
“Digital transformation has highlighted and emphasized the need for a holistic, comprehensive automation strategy,” says Neville Kroeger, product marketing manager at Automic Software. “Automation has always been the unsung hero of IT, working in the background to ensure applications are running as required. Today, however, applications have become the face of the enterprise and they have to be available, reliable and ever-improving. It's universally agreed that effective automation in all areas of IT is an absolute requirement in order to achieve this. It's absolutely critical that enterprises implement an automation strategy that will serve them now and in the future.”
Sungard's Loeppke says the role of automation architect is now fundamental to devops — and they see the role growing to address other departments.
“In the IT world, you often hear the phrase ‘Software is eating the world,' meaning more and more companies are running on software. Automation of this software is critical for companies to maintain reliable environments while managing cost. The build-out and tear-down of infrastructure, deployment of code, and testing via automation are table stakes for success. An automation architect could be part of any team that's writing code. In my opinion, the job might not call for a new hire, but rather additional training for existing teams — software development, operations, QA/test teams, etc.”
The position has staying power because it's part of an evolution of technology that helps speed up business processes to stay competitive, says Automic's Kroeger.
“Automation is a response to IT not being able to get things done fast enough,” they say. “Every day we are seeing new areas of IT that can benefit from automation and as IT becomes a more integral part of 'the business' we should expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. Without a solid, future-proof automation strategy in place, enterprises will no longer be able to compete in the digital economy. The strategy needs to be scalable, flexible, and comprehensive. In order to ensure that a viable strategy is implemented and, just as importantly, is maintained and enhanced, an automation architect should be high on every IT department's shopping list.”
Nintex's Fitzmaurice sees the position benefiting nontechnical workers, and their company is bullish on the idea of these workers' new ability to initiate some forms of automation on their own.
“To really make that work, someone needs to act as coach, facilitator, promoter, integrator and curator,” Fitzmaurice says. “Companies that have taken this to heart and positioned workflow and content automation as a standard business skill have — or need — people who train power users, create libraries of integration connectors and ready-to-use sub processes, keep an eye on what's being built to see what can be promoted for wider reuse. As well as what could use some polite advice on how to improve it. The proactive parts of this — especially when it comes to integrating applications, data, content and devices — are where an automation architect can shine. In fact, this person should own your integration strategy. Unless you use a single application asset to run your entire business, you're going to need this person in perpetuity.”
Related articles
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Claiming vindication and straining to derail the Russia probe, President Donald Trump declassified a top secret congressional memo Friday, and suggested it proved the investigation of their presidential campaign was fatally flawed. Democrats said the document did nothing to clear them or their campaign, and the FBI said he'd endangered the nation's security.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, asserts that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate — and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
Trump has been telling confidants that they believed the document would validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. But the FBI says the four-page document is inaccurate and stripped of critical context. And Democrats say the memo, which makes public material that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement.
Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document “mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information” and that “the selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies.”
The memo had been classified since it deals with warrants obtained from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it on Friday and sent it to the intelligence committee chairperson, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
The disclosure is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has split the president and their hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
It also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit the investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller that focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice. Republicans seized on the allegations in the memo to argue that the FBI's investigation was politically tainted from the start.
But the memo does nothing to address obstruction questions that have led Mueller to express interest in interviewing Trump. It also reveals that the FBI investigation began months earlier, in the summer of 2016, based on information involving a separate Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, who has already pleaded guilty to federal charges.Mueller inherited the probe in May of 2017. Four people have so far been charged in their investigation, including two who have pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI. Trump, who lashed out anew at the FBI and Justice Department ahead of Friday's document's release, refused to express confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller and is mentioned by name in the memo. Asked if they were more likely to fire Rosenstein, and if they still had confidence in him, they retorted. “You figure that one out.” Of the memo, Trump said, “I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace.” Earlier in the day, they tweeted, “The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people.” The memo offered the first government confirmation that the FBI in October 2016 obtained a secret warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to monitor a Trump campaign associate, Carter Page, on the basis that the FBI believed they might be an agent of a foreign power — in this case, Russia. That warrant was reauthorized multiple times, including by Rosenstein. The memo asserts that opposition research conducted by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, “formed an essential part” of the initial application to receive the warrant. It's unclear how much or what information that Steele collected was included in the application. Steele's research was compiled into a dossier of salacious allegations involving Trump and Russia. It's unclear how much has been corroborated by the FBI. Regardless, the FBI routinely relies on multiple sources of information when it obtains surveillance warrants, and that information oftentimes is not verified at the time agents make their applications. Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign through a Washington law firm. In a statement, Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser and came on the FBI radar in 2013 as part of a separate counterintelligence probe, said, “The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy.” The memo release, and Trump's tweet, escalates a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier “this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice.” FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that the declassification and release could set a dangerous precedent. Comey weighed in on Twitter as well, saying: “All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Inside The Yerwada Jail
You would be lying if you would say that in this picture; Ranbir Kapoor doesn't look spitting image of Sanjay Dutt.
We're Shook!
Recently, while talking to a leading daily, director Rajkumar Hirani revealed why they thought Ranbir would fit the bill perfectly. They said, "Hmmm. Why Ranbir? The first reason for choosing them is that he's a fantastic actor. And the second reason is that they are at the perfect age."
Oh My Gosh!
Rajkumar Hirani further added, "I needed an actor who could be 21 (years old) because that is where the film begins. That was the age when Sanju was shooting for Rocky and their drug phase started.
And then we have Sanju when they came out of prison (around 56 years). So, we needed someone who could fit that transformation."
Rockstar Sanjay Dutt
Ranbir Kapoor's head-to-toe transformation to different shades of Sanjay Dutt is mind-blowing and we can't take our eyes off the actor.
Ranbir Was Shocked To Know Sanjay's Journey
At the teaser launch, Ranbir also revealed how they reacted when they came across the script and said, "I know Sanjay Dutt as a family friend. When I read the script, I got to know their life journey. That shocked me. Drugs, their controversy with terrorism, their equation with their father, everything shocked me."
Ranbir Loved Playing ‘Munna'
At the teaser launch of the film, Ranbir Kapoor also revealed among all the shades of Sanjay Dutt, they loved playing ‘Munna' the most.
‘Playing Young Sanjay Dutt Was Tough'
They also revealed why they found difficult to play the young version of Sanjay Dutt and said, "It was difficult to play was the young Sanju. There were more faces we had to show; the drugs and their mother's loss."
Lock The Date!
Rajkumar Hirani's Sanjay Dutt biopic is one of the most anticipated films of 2018 and fans have been waiting for it with a bated breath - thanks to Ranbir's mind-blowing transformation and interesting storyline. The film is scheduled to hit the theatres on June 29, 2018.
Now, All Eyes Are On The Trailer
Fans can't have enough of Ranbir Kapoor in the eight second teaser and they're desperately waiting for the full-fledged trailer and we understand why!
Apart from Ranbir, the film also casts Manisha Koirala, Sonam Kapoor Anushka Sharma, Dia Mirza, Paresh Rawal and Vicky Kaushal.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Former Finance Minister P. Chidambaram on Wednesday filed an anticipatory bail in Delhi High Court in connection with the INX media case.
Chidambaram in their bail plea said that, “investigation is based on mala fide intention, petitioner will duly appear before CBI tomorrow and cooperate with the investigation.”
This comes hours after securing interim protection from arrest in Aircel-Maxis money laundering case from a Delhi court.
Former Finance Minister has been directed by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to appear before it on May 31 for questioning in INX Media case.
The investigative agency had earlier arrested P. Chidambaram's son, Karti Chidambaram for alleged irregularities in the INX Media case.
Karti Chidambaram was arrested on February 28 at the Chennai airport on their return from the United Kingdom, for their alleged role in facilitating Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance for INX Media Ltd. and its directors, Peter and Indrani Mukerjea.
According to Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Karti is accused of laundering Rs 305 crore in the INX media case in 2007.
In March, Delhi High Court granted bail to Karti in the case.
Police in New York City are looking for a suspect who they say robbed a 68-year-old in a walker and put them in a chokehold before stealing $300. The same person is accused of robbing a 48-year-old man in the same way and at the same apartment complex in February. New York Police Department
Police have identified and interviewed a suspect in the case of a California State University San Marcos (CSUSM) student sexually assaulted in broad daylight last month.
The incident happened on Tuesday, Jan. 31 at approximately 11 a.m. in Lot B on campus, according to an advisory sent to students.
The suspect and victim met on a popular college student app, said Margaret Chantung, Interim Associate Vice President for Communications. The app had anonymity features, Chantung said, and the app does not have photos.
After meeting on campus, the suspect drove the victim to Lot B, where they raped her, according to the advisory sent to students.
The suspect then drove the victim back to Craven Circle, where they let them go. The victim notified University police shortly after.
Chantung told NBC 7 that officials believe this was a targeted sexual assault because of previous social media contact, though it is too early to say if the suspect would use the application to target other female students.
The suspect is a 28-year-old man not affiliated with the university, and police have not released their name yet, according to CSUSM officials. The man is not a San Diego County resident.
Authorities say there is still pending forensic evidence in the case.
The case has been sent to the San Diego County District Attorney's office to determine whether they will proceed with an arrest.
University police are asking anyone with information to call them at (760) 750-4567, or use the University's SAFE hotline at (760) 750-SAFE. If you wish to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477.
Jets QB Josh McCown out for rest of season with broken hand
hello
New York Jets quarterback Josh McCown (15) is helped after being injured against the Denver Broncos during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Denver. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Jets quarterback Josh McCown will miss the rest of the season with a broken left hand that will require surgery.
Coach Todd Bowles announced Monday during a conference call that Bryce Petty will start in McCown's place for New York at New Orleans on Sunday.
McCown was injured when they were hit by Denver's Shane Ray in the third quarter of New York's 23-0 loss on Sunday. An X-ray revealed that the 38-year-old McCown's hand was broken, and they were emotional after the game while reflecting on what had been the best season of their 15-year NFL career.
McCown, who signed a one-year, $6 million deal in the offseason, will be a free agent this winter. It is uncertain whether the Jets plan to re-sign them - or if McCown will want to play another season.
Petty started four games last season.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
LAUDERHILL, FLA. (WSVN) - A fire rescue truck crashed into a dirt bike, Wednesday morning, injuring the rider.
The collision, which involved a Broward Sheriff's Fire Rescue truck that was responding to a separate call, happened near 4190 N.W. 26th St. in Lauderhill.
Lauderhill Fire Rescue reportedly transported the injured rider to the hospital with serious injuries.
The Broward Sheriff's Office will conduct the investigation.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As Eat Beat reported in November 2016, wildly popular Mexican torta cart Güero has relocated to the former Tabla space at 200 NE 28th Ave. Starting Tuesday, February 21, Güero will be open for lunch and dinner, Tuesday through Sunday, 11 a.m.-10 p.m. (Until then, they are operating with limited hours: Wed-Sun, 4-10 p.m.)
The new restaurant is only a quick jaunt up the street from its original cart location (where it spent four years fueling the cart pod's business), but Güero 2.0 is a whole different beast. The 53-seat cantina includes options at the bar and chef's counter, with plans for 30 more seats outside in the summer. Hand-painted Mexican tiles line the walls, ambrosia maple fills out the zigzag bar, and old food cart paraphernalia litters the back hallway—an homage to Güero's early fans. Co-owner Megan Sanchez, who also runs the vintage shop Menina Portland, outfitted the space with Mexican thrift finds and old family heirlooms. In back, Güero's other owner, Alec Morrison, (the actual guero, or fair-haired half of the equation) installed a small projector for regular Blazer game viewings.
Meanwhile, the food and drink menu has expanded tenfold. You can still find Güero's classic tortas and bowls, but with some great additions, like the street burger-style hamburguesa with fried cheese, habanero slaw, pickled jalapeño, tamarind-habanero-roasted tomato, and a big dollop of guacamole. There's also a breakfast sandwich with scrambled eggs, queso fresco, and braised beef on a bolillo loaf. Smaller snacks and sides explore guacamole tostadas with pickled carrots, and esquites—garlicky corn salad with aioli, cotija and achiote.
The small mezcal and tequila-centric cocktail list has all the greatest hits: a margarita available in slushie form, a mezcal margarita with sour orange juice, a horchata cocktail, and a solid Negro Modelo michelada. For agave lovers, there's also a tidy, curated list of mezcal (served with orange and worm salt, of course) and tequila by the glass or carafe. Come summer, Güero is shaping up to be a prime place to hang your sombrero.
Click through the slideshow above for more details!
Mcllroy Must Improve – Nicklaus
Golf's most prolific major winner, Jack Nicklaus, says Rory McIlroy must improve if they are to dominate the sport.
McIlroy goes into 2017 with only Jason Day above them in the world rankings and with four major titles to their name.
Nicklaus believes the 27-year-old from Northern Ireland now has to decide whether they want to try to become the sport's greatest player.
The 18-time major champion was also optimistic about golf's future but renewed their call for a cut in the distance the ball travels.
In recent years Nicklaus has developed a strong friendship with McIlroy, who often practices at the 76-year-old American's Bears Club in Jupiter, Florida.
“Rory is one of those young men who has got a tremendous amount of talent,” Nicklaus said.
“He has won and played on their talent to this point. If they wish to dominate and go forward then he's got to improve.”
Nicklaus warned that standing still at the top of the game means only one thing – quickly being passed. And they believe the UK's leading player is now approaching the prime of their career.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(WSVN) - Ducks are usually described as cute and cuddly, but as 7's Brian Entin shows us … some local ducks are ruffling some feathers, and neighbors are “crying fowl.”
Nothing says spring like fluffy baby ducks!
Susan Pomerance, dealing with ducks: “Well, everyone loves ducks; kids love ducks, families love ducks. They are really, really cute.”
If you live in South Florida, you either love or hate Muscovy ducks.
Susan Pomerance: “I mean, we must have 50 to 100 ducks living on the three streets here.”
Dozens of ducks with more coming in because Susan says they're getting free meals from their neighbors.
Susan Pomerance: “I've seen some young women carrying canvas bags filled with rice sometimes. I also see piles of bread or corn on their driveways.”
They say all of these ducks are causing a big mess in the neighborhood.
Susan Pomerance: “We have a big poop problem. It smells a little bit; you have to sort of be careful where you're stepping, and they do a little bit of unintentional damage to the cars.”
They recorded a confrontation with one woman feeding the ducks.
Susan Pomerance: “You're feeding the birds?”
Neighbor: “Yeah, the poor things have to eat!”
When we were there, we caught a neighbor putting out food. It was for cats, but they defended the ducks.
Virginei Ferret, resident: “And you can see the little babies dead in the street. They want water, they need to eat.”
Fish and Wildlife officials say there is little they can do about duck disagreements like this. It is not illegal to feed them.
But FWC warns feeding will increase the population which puts the ducks and people in danger.
Carol Lyn Parrish, Florida Wildlife Commission: “Because there's an easy food source for them, they're gonna all come together, and that is how disease gets spread.”
Susan Pomerance: “Well, we've seen a lot of ducks get hit by cars which is really horrible.”
Signs have been put up telling people not to feed them, but clearly the notices are being ignored.
Virginei Ferret: “Because it's life, you know? Sad, because you want to do something for these animals.”
But Susan wants the neighbors to stop feeding the ducks so they will move on their own.
Susan Pomerance: “We're all passionate about the ducks. They are really, really cute, and we really want to help them.”
Wildlife officials don't move the ducks, but they say they are more than happy to come out and educate communities on the importance of not feeding wildlife.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA - The Trudeau government will get a chance to test its popularity today with four federal byelections.
The most heated race is the British Columbia riding of South Surrey-White Rock where the Liberals are making a concerted effort to steal the seat from the Conservatives.
Elections Canada: What you need to know about voting in a byelection
Both Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Conservative leader Andrew Scheer have campaigned in the riding, which was held by Tory MP Dianne Watts who jumped to provincial politics.
The Conservatives have tried to stir up voter anger in the riding over the Liberal government's tax reforms that include closing loopholes for small business owners.
The Conservatives are considered in the driver's seat in the western Saskatchewan riding of Battlefords-Lloydminister, which has voted for right-wing parties since the 1990s.
The other two ridings, in Newfoundland and Labrador and Toronto, are considered safe Liberal seats.
The riding of Bonavista-Burin-Trinity became vacant last summer when the province's representative in the federal cabinet, Judy Foote, resigned for personal reasons.
Foote had represented the area as a Liberal MP for the past decade.
The Toronto riding of Scarborough-Agincourt became vacant due to the death of Liberal backbencher Arnold Chan.
It has been in Liberal hands since the '80s.
The Saskatchewan seat became vacant this year when former Conservative cabinet minister Gerry Ritz left politics.
In the last election the New Democrats were a distant second in Ritz's riding and a distant third in the other three ridings.
NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh the day before the vote shaking hands and greeting voters at an outdoor shopping centre in Montreal, nowhere near any of the ridings in play.
Singh declined to speculate on their party's chances, saying only that he'd “called and spoken” to all their candidates and was happy with their campaigns.
“They're running great campaigns and I'm confident they're going to put up a good representation of our values and what we believe in,” Singh said Sunday.
The Liberals hold a comfortable majority in the House of Commons so the outcome of the races will have little effect on the balance of power.
Photo: Larry McCormack / The Tennessean / USA Today
Luke Bryan chalks up another number-one hit with, “Light It Up,” the lead single from their new album, What Makes You Country.
They say having a number-one hit these days isn't easy. “I've heard it said, having a number-one song is a series of a lot of miracles that happen. Whether you're the writer, or whether you're the artist. I'm good on the miracle category, but I still want some miracles.”
Blake Shelton leaps from number-four to the number-two with “I'll Name the Dogs.” Brett Young also makes a significant jump, from five to three with “Like I Loved You.” Eric Church goes from six to four with “Round Here Buzz.” And Lanco drops from number-three to round out the top five with “Greatest Love Story”
It's all about the F&B.
The Epicurean Hotel in Tampa and Scrub Island Resort, Spa & Marina in the British Virgin Islands have been ranked among the “Best Hotels for 2017” by U.S. News & World Report. The Epicurean Hotel is ranked No. 1 among the Best Hotels in Tampa, while Scrub Island Resort, Spa & Marina is ranked as the No. 1 Autograph Collection Hotel and No. 2 among Best Hotels in the British Virgin Islands. More than 3,000 luxury hotels across the United States, the Caribbean, Canada and Mexico were evaluated using a comprehensive methodology centered on three components: reputation among professional travel experts, guest reviews and hotel class ratings.
“It's very gratifying to see two of our properties ranked at the top among some of the world's best luxury hotels and resorts,” says Joe Collier, president of Mainsail Lodging & Development. “We are honored by the recognition, which is a testament to the outstanding Mainsail team members at both the Epicurean and Scrub Island.”
Voted the No. 1 resort in Tampa and No. 6 Autograph Collection hotel, the food-focused Epicurean Hotel is located in the trendy Hyde Park historic district of South Tampa. The Epicurean features a state-of-the-art culinary classroom, Élevage restaurant, EDGE rooftop bar, Chocolate Pi patisserie, Bern's Fine Wines & Spirits wine shop, the full-service Evangeline spa, and 5,200 square feet of flexible event space.
The No. 1 Autograph Collection Hotel and No. 2 Best Hotel in the British Virgin Islands, Scrub Island Resort, Spa & Marina is the newest luxury private-island resort in the BVI. The resort features 52 guest accommodations as well as a collection of two-, three-, four-, and six-bedroom villas, three private beaches and a 55-slip marina.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
1:58 After fire, SLO-Botics team uses French Hospital space to regroup for competition
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
June will mark the 125th anniversary of the birth of Audrey Munson, the greatest artist's muse of the 20th — or maybe any — century. New York boasts at least...
Israel's Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman was due to fly to Russia Wednesday amid reports the countries were finalizing a deal which would push Iran-backed forces away from Israel's border with Syria.
The pact reportedly being negotiated was part of an effort to prevent Iran-Israel tensions from spiraling into outright war. Russia and Iran have been helping the military of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to crush a seven-year insurgency.
Israel has become increasingly alarmed about the influence of Iran and Tehran-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah in Syria. Iran denies it is setting up permanent bases in Syria but has been building up its forces there.
According to Israel's Channel 2, the agreement would OK the presence of Syrian soldiers up to the border with Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, removing Iranian and Hezbollah forces from there. Russia would accept that Israel would maintain "its freedom of action against Iranian consolidation in all of Syria."
NBC News has not been able to independently confirm the reports.
Israel has struck inside Syria more than 100 times since 2012, with most targets being suspected weapons convoys destined for Hezbollah, which has been engaged in battles alongside Syrian government forces.
If successful, the pact would be an "important step" toward reducing tensions between Israel and Iran, according to Ali Fathollah-Nejad, a visiting fellow at Brookings Doha Center and an associate with the Iran Project at Harvard University.
"The Russians do not want the Iranians to become too powerful in post-ISIS Syria," they said, referring to the multi-national effort to crush the extremists that captured swaths of Syria and Iraq in 2014.
In addition, Fathollah-Nejad said Israel is worried about "a permanent Iranian military presence across the Israeli border. … Against this background it makes sense that Israel and Russia find an agreement that they won't both accept an Iranian presence on the Israeli-Syrian border."
On Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the withdrawal of all non-Syrian forces from Syria's de-escalation zones along Syria's southwestern border brokered November should happen "as soon as possible."
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. Sergei Karpukhin
Rebels control stretches of southwest Syria bordering the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, which have been held by Israel since the 1967 Mideast war, while Syrian army troops and allied Iran-backed militias also holding nearby territory.
But Jonathan Eyal, an expert on Russia at London's Russia think tank, cautioned against expecting a Russia-Israel deal would successfully force Iranians out of much of Syria.
"I think [Moscow] has much less influence over Iran than the Russians would like us to believe," they said. "So I believe this deal that this touted is much more in theory than in practice."
And even if a deal is signed, an agreement to push Iranian forces and Hezbollah back from the border may not be enough for Israel in the long run.
"When you consider the advanced weapon systems — surface-to-surface missiles and anti-aircraft systems — that the Iranians want to deploy in Syria, it becomes clear that they must be prevented from doing so in all of Syria and not only within a limited distance from the Israeli border," Chagai Tzuriel, the director-general of Israel's intelligence ministry, told Reuters on Monday.
F. Brinley Bruton reported from London, and Paul Goldman and Lawahez Jabari from Tel Aviv.
As of early this week, the Humboldt County (California) Sheriff's Office thought 22-year-old Rebekah Martinez has been missing for more than two months.
The only problem? Martinez had been spotted by millions of people on a weekly basis.
It turns out Martinez is actually "Bekah," one of the women competing for the heart of Arie Luyendyk Jr. on this season of "The Bachelor."
According to the North Coast Journal, Martinez had been reported missing by their mother on Nov. 18 after they hadn't heard from their daughter for six days. Martinez's mother was able to contact their daughter the same day they filed the missing person's report.
This is peak #TheBachelor. Not even I could make this up. Yes, that's Bekah M.
TL,DR: a 22 year-old woman was reported missing by their mom from a marijuana farm in Humboldt County. They found them on The Bachelor. https://t.co/2QqmcNWL33 pic.twitter.com/gzqy9CWwds — Heidi (@HeidiRochelle) February 2, 2018
According to the New York Times, officials with the sheriff's office didn't learn that Martinez's mother had spoken to their daughter until Dec. 12 when they followed up with an email.
However, procedure requires that sheriff's deputies make "direct contact" with missing persons before they can be removed from the missing person's list. So, for more than two months and five episodes of a hit network show, Rebekah Martinez continued to be listed as a missing person.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
That all changed when the North Coast Journal received a comment on its Facebook page, informing reporters that Martinez was still listed as "missing" by the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office. Once deputies were alerted by the Journal, Martinez was removed from the missing person's list.
Martinez is one of 10 other women still in contention on The Bachelor.
/ Front page / News
Update: 2:36PM A FLOOD alert remains in force for low lying areas and areas adjacent to Rakiraki Town and downstream of the Rakiraki Station.
According to the Fiji Meteorological Services, the flood alert is also in force for low lying area and areas adjacent major rivers in Vanua Levu and Eastern half of Viti Levu and Lomaiviti Group.
The downpours are caused by a trough of low pressure that remains slow moving over the group.
Meanwhile, the second active low pressure system is moving onto the country from the North.
Amber Rose and Odell Beckham, Jr. seemed a little surprised when they were spotted side-by-side at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival over the weekend. Did the paparazzi happen upon a new couple?
The model and New York Giants baller hit up Sunday's Neon Carnival. They rocked their signature blond locks and honored the neon theme, Odell with their bright kicks and Amber with their sheer, two-piece bell-bottom set. As you can see, they looked really good together.
Amber and Odell weren't the only stars with all eyes on them at day two of Coachella.and their fiancéelooked like they were having the time of their lives, unlikewho made an appearance, but didn't seem happy about. See below:
Every Single Time Drake Trolled The World 28 photos Launch gallery Every Single Time Drake Trolled The World 1. The Art Of Trolling - Troll Your Own Fans. Source:ABC News 1 of 28 2. Remember Dada Drake? We're Glad This Troll Is Over. Source:Instagram 2 of 28 3. Nothing Was The Same. Source:Instagram 3 of 28 4. Remember When Drake Brought Lint Rollers To The Raptors Game, Got Roasted, & Then Made Their Own Lint Rollers? Source:Instagram 4 of 28 5. Drake Spent Their Summer 2015 Trolling Meek Mill & It Worked Out Perfectly. Source:Instagram 5 of 28 6. Like "Nothing Was The Same," Drake's "Views From The 6" Cover Is Sufficiently Ridiculous. Source:Instagram 6 of 28 7. Take Care, Mamba. Source:Instagram 7 of 28 8. Such A Fashion Queen. Source:Instagram 8 of 28 9. A-OK. Source:Instagram 9 of 28 10. Turned Into A Savage. Source:Instagram 10 of 28 11. Live on TNT, I'm flexin ooooooh. Source:Instagram 11 of 28 12. Views From Drake's Roof. Source:Instagram 12 of 28 13. What A Time.... Source:Instagram 13 of 28 14. We Should've Known That Drake Was Going To Deliver Us The Heat In A Plastic Bag. Source:Instagram 14 of 28 15. Damn, Drake. Back At It Again With The Meek Mill Troll. Source:Instagram 15 of 28 16. @barackobama x The Boy = Ultimate Troll. Source:Instagram 16 of 28 17. @justinbieber x The Boy = Ultimate troll + 1. Source:Instagram 17 of 28 18. @mileycyrus x The Boy = Ultimate Troll + 2. Source:Instagram 18 of 28 19. @kanyedoingthings (only because you don't have IG) x The Boy = Ultimate Troll +3 . Source:Instagram 19 of 28 20. @oprah x The Boy = Ultimate Troll + 4. Source:Instagram 20 of 28 21. Anything For Selenassssss.... Source:Instagram 21 of 28 22. This Album Title Alone Is One Big Fat Troll. Source:Instagram 22 of 28 23. 2015 With The Hairline. Source:Instagram 23 of 28 24. The Classic Paternity Test Troll. Source:Instagram 24 of 28 25. BREEZY! & Cheeto Face...Pure Comedy. Source:Instagram 25 of 28 26. If Yeezus Was A Jew. Source:Instagram 26 of 28 27. Jaden Tha God. Source:Instagram 27 of 28 28. Drake Trolling The Entire Indiana Pacers Team... Source:Instagram 28 of 28 Skip ad Continue reading Every Single Time Drake Trolled The World Every Single Time Drake Trolled The World
So… do you think Amber and Odell make a good match? Tweet us your thoughts.
DRUG PEDDLER CAUGHT IN BUY-BUST OPERATION!!! At around 11:30 o'clock in the evening of June 18, 2018, personnel of Panglao PNP led by PINSP GERONIMO...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Anna Mae Blessing, 92, faces a murder charge in Arizona after allegedly shooting and killing their son, who reportedly wanted to place them in assisted living. They then allegedly went after their girlfriend, who was able to knock the gun away. Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
1:54 Behind the scenes at the Velma Morrison auction in 2014
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
0:49 Helicopter video shows avalanches cutting off access to Stanley
So the central plot mechanic that'll drive us to the end of this season finally reveals itself: Jon needs to prove to ally and enemy alike that the White Walkers are both real and spectacular.
But see: We the audience already know they're coming. We've seen them marching south ... slow as particularly creepy molasses ... for like five seasons now. But most of the show's characters haven't seen them, so at least the next two episodes will be spent getting everyone up to speed. ("Ok, who just joined the call? Cersei, is it? Jon, maybe you can go back a few slides in the deck to make sure Cersei's on board.") That's a recipe for audience frustration, unless the show can offer up some visual candy to keep us sated.
So it's likely no coincidence that next week's episode will be this season's second-to-last, historically when the show delivers its biggest payoff. Expect a huge battle (and some heartbreaking casualties) between Northmen and Evil Unstoppable Skeletons. Furs vs. Femurs, call it. The rumble-a in the tundra.
And I'm still predicting the Wall's gonna come a-tumbling down — there've been just way too many references to its eternal! Resolute! Steadfastness! for it not to — and there's no better time than next week's episode.
But first: This week! We zoom over the map like we always do, King's Landing, Dragonstone, Winterfell, The Wall ... wait! Instead of swerving back down to Oldtown, we sort of ... scooch down the Wall a bit, to Eastwatch, the castle on its easternmost edge! Woo! New location! (Look this episode's basically setting us up for next week, so we take our thrills where we can find them.)
Don't be Tarly for the parley
We open on a lovely, placid river scene you could imagine J.M.W. Turner painting, though instead of a quaintly bucolic name like "Neapolitan Fisher Girls Surprised Bathing by Moonlight," it'd have to be called something more like "Riverside With Black Plumes of Smoke Rising From a Few Hundred Charred Bodies Because There's A Friggin' Dragon For Real You Guys." Bronn pulls himself, and Jaime, and Jaime's steel armor, out of the river like he's gathering so many water lilies because Bronn gets tremendous strength when exposed to the rays of Westeros' yellow sun, I guess we have to tell ourselves.
Jaime is chastened by the extent of the carnage unleashed by only one of Dany's three dragons, and Bronn informs them that they don't plan to be around when they and their fire-breathing moppets attack Kings Landing.
Tyrion surveys the blasted battlefield, which looks like Mother Courage crossed with Pompeii. He's feeling guilty, seeing so many members of their House reduced to carbon. The few Lannister soldiers who made it through the battle are marched up a hill to stand before Dany and Drogon. The Mother of Dragons proceeds to put a Targaryen spin on their Sermon on the Mount that's less "Blessed are the meek," and more "Kneel or burn, jerkwads."
It's a good speech, but it only convinces a handful of soldiers. It's really Drogon — their hype man — whose roar sends most of the prisoners down on their knees. Except, of course, for Randyll Tarly, Sam's dour dad, and Dickon Tarly, Sam's poorly named but excellently cheekboned brother.
Tyrion pleads on their behalf, but Dany's all "They made their bed, now they have to fry in it," and with a puff from their magic dragon, Randyll's a candle, and Dickon is Dickoff.
Okay, let's take stock. Sam is still around, but House Tarly is effectively snuffed out. Ditto House Tyrell, and House Martell. Plenty of lesser houses are in similar states of disarray. House Frey is finished, House Tully is bouillabaisse, House Party is over, House Music muted, Houseboat is scuttled, House Plant died of thirst, House Elf is shelved, House Salad wilted, House Dressing scattered to the Thousand Islands, House Red is dead, House White is corked, House Speaker is very concerned, and House Hunters are really just awful people who think the universe owes them an open-plan kitchen.
As for the fates of House Baratheon and House Lannister, well, that's all about to get ... more complicated.
A singed Jaime storms into Cersei's chamber to deliver the bad news. "This isn't a war we can win," they say. They then proceeds to inform them that Olenna Tyrell and not Tyrion ordered Joffrey's death — it's yet another instance of us watching characters play catch up to stuff we already know, but it pays for itself here because Jaime lays out the steel-trap logic behind Olenna's plot, which is something I, at least, hadn't especially considered.
Jon Ups Theirs Aunty
Dany returns to Dragonstone on Drogon's back, alighting near a spot where Jon stands brooding on a cliff, cape flapping dramatically behind them like he's Bat-Hamlet. Jon and Drogon share a nice moment, presumably because Targaryen game recognize Targaryen game, and Dany asks about Davos' "knife through the heart" comment. Jon plays it off, but the nice family outing is interrupted by the return of Jorah Mormont, looking older, wiser and decidedly less like a frilled lizard.
Dany and Jorah hug, and Jorah shoots Jon a look that's nuanced, wary, appraising, resigned.
Jon shoots a look back at them that says, "It is windy."
Back at Winterfell, ol' Cracklin' Oat Bran himself, the Three-Eyed Raven, wargs themselves into an unkindness of your basic, garden variety two-eyed ravens (or maybe crows?), and flies north, over the wall, where he/they spot the army of the dead, shambling south with the terrifying speed of a tortoise on indica.
At the Citadel, Sam walks in on a meeting of maesters — The Beige Council — just as they're discussing a message from Bran, warning about the White Walkers. Sam urges them to take action, but they suspect it's a ploy by Dany to lure southern armies north, leaving Westeros' cities undefended. Which would be a pretty solid plan, actually.
At Dragonstone, Tyrion attempts to rationalize Dany's ... draconian methods, but Varys is having none of it. In the map room, Jon reads a note informing them that 1. Arya's alive! 2. Bran's alive! 3. Bran's spooky now! 4. White Walkers are nearing Eastwatch.
Tyrion comes up with the plan: Capture an evil ice zombie and show it to Cersei to convince them the threat is real. Meanwhile, smuggle Tyrion into Kings Landing to meet with Jaime to negotiate. This is a pretty complicated plan.
Sister act 2: Back in the habit. Of disagreeing.
At Winterfell, Arya seems bored without having even one lousy face to slice off and wear. They wander into a meeting in which the various lords of the North grumble about Jon's absence and express their preference for Sansa. Sansa thanks them but politely demurs, which isn't enough for Arya, who'd prefer she'd instead react by lopping off some lord-melons.
Sansa attempts to explain to Arya that a gentle hand will get you farther than an iron fist, but in Arya's mind she's just maneuvering to become Queen in the North. It's Sansa the politician vs. Arya the slit-your-face-off-and-wear-it assassin.
Tyrion and Davos sneak into Kings Landing — Tyrion to see Jaime, and Davos to find the last member of House Baratheon, King Robert's bastard son Gendry, whom we last saw in the season 3 finale, when Davos loaded them in a rowboat and sent them off.
Tyrion surprises Jaime in the catacombs below Kings Landing, and in an earlier season we'd be treated here to a lengthy scene of Emmy-bait dialogue full of recrimination and regret, but there's no time, man. Tyrion starts to open up about their father, but Jaime barks at them to move it along already because there's only two episodes left.
Gendry and Davos make it back to the beach below Kings Landing but are waylaid by this week's Rosencrantz and Gildenstern. Davos turns on the charm — and the change purse — and bribes them with a little Westerosi gejang, but when the guards recognize Tyrion, it's Hammer Time (No Gendry/Don't hurt 'em/Ok wow too late/Never mind/Looks like you hurt 'em/A lot.)
Jaime once again stops by Cersei's chamber, this time to inform them of Dany's desire for a meeting to discuss the White Shamblers, but this ain't Cersei's first zombie rodeo, and they knew about the whole thing. Turns out she's got some news for Jaime — they are expecting a lion cub, and what's more she's going to tell everyone who the father is, because she's the dang queen, and what are they gonna do? They embrace, but they do that television thing where they open their eyes when the other person can't see them, so we know they're both scheming. "Never betray me again," says Cersei. Jaime says nothing but darts their eyes like shiftiest shifter to ever shift a shift.
Snow bros
In the dragonglass mine, Davos introduces Jon Snow to Gendry, who sees no reason to keep their true parentage secret. There follows an exchange between the two young men that you keep expecting to break into high-fives, or at least a Bastard Bros 4Ever secret handshake. Gendry wants to accompany Jon on Mission: Zombie Show And Tell.
Jon takes their leave of Dragonstone, but not before bidding farewell and good luck to Dany. They share a moment which I think the show wants us to find sexually intriguing, but instead plays like a mom sending their kid off to ski camp.
Back at the Citadel, Sam is dutifully scrivening while Gilly reads them useless facts from the journals of an old High Septon named Maynard: the number of steps in the Citadel, the number of windows in the Great Sept, the fact that Jon Snow isn't a bastard at all but a trueborn Targaryen and rightful heir to the Iron Throne [record scratch].
Yep — that's what that annulment business was about. "Maynard says they issued an annulment to Prince Ragger [NOTE: that's Rhaegar Targaryen, son of the Mad King, father of Jon] and remarried them to someone else in a secret ceremony in Dorne." That someone was Lyanna Stark, meaning that Jon, as the heir to Rhaegar, has a better claim to the Iron Throne than Dany, Rhaegar's younger sister.
It's quite a little bombshell to lob, only to have a frustrated Sam ignore it out of frustration. They sneak into the library one last time, grabs a few books from the forbidden section one last time, and leaves the Citadel for good. This means we've likely seen the last of Jim Broadbent, which is a shame.
At Winterfell, Littlefinger is being dependably sneaky, but Arya is sneaking on him, too. They see Winterfell's maester hand them a raven-message he's requested from the late Maester Lewin's extensive records. They sneak into their room to find it, which makes very little in the way of sense because if they were so anxious to secure it, presumably to make sure no one else saw it, surely he'd just burn it, not squirrel it away in their mattress?
Arya finds the note — a copy of the message Sansa sent to Robb, telling them to (sing along, you know the words) bend the knee to Joffrey — and looks weirdly put out by it. Not sure why the show thinks it's so damning, when it makes more sense for Arya to assume, as Robb did when they received it, that Sansa was simply being coerced. Anyway: The seeds of discord have been sown, which we know because as Arya sneaks out of Littlefinger's room, the man themselves is sneakily sneaking in the shadows, smiling a sneaky smile through their sneaky mustache.
Mangy Avengers, assemble!
Jon and company makes it to Eastwatch, where Tormund has captured The Hound, Beric Dondarrion and Thoros, who were headed north of the Wall to fight. Gendry resents them, of course, as it was they who sold them to Melisandre back in season three. Tormund resents Jorah, The Hound resents ... everybody. Whole lotta bad feelings to go around.
But Beric reminds them that they are all headed to the same place at the same time. Jon tells their fractious band of followers that they're all on the same side. Namely the side of not being rotting ambulatory corpses.
And so they set off together, this motley, beardy, doubtlessly stinky band of warriors, into the wilderness north of the Wall. They do not do this walking abreast, nor do they don't sunglasses, and as they walk towards the camera nothing explodes behind them in slow motion which they then do not turn around to look at.
But the effect is the same.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Australian widow Gloria Gillescie with Semi Lewanirabe who they say saved their lives at the height of Cyclone Debbie that hit Queensland late last month. Picture: SUPPLIED/Ratu Joe Dimuri
THE 76-year-old widow of a WWII Royal Australian Airforce veteran has saluted the actions of a former Fijian national now residing in Mackay, Queensland, for saving their lives at the height of Cyclone Debbie last month.
Originally of Dunedin, south of New Zealand, but has called Australia home since migrating in 1971 with their husband, Gloria Gillescie lives by themselves in their Binnington Esplanade home at East Mackay.
When what started out as a tropical depression on Thursday, March 23, intensified to Cyclone Debbie on Sunday, March 26, they were visited by Fijian Semi Lewanirabe the day after to check if they were alright.
They told them they were safe at that time.
But the very next day, they recall vividly the strong wind and rain and the poor visibility, and how they frantically tried to get attention of members of the community by the Iluka Beach for someone to come to them aid.
Mr Lewanirabe, 45, who has become the hero in this close-knit Mackay community, told The Fiji Times that between 10-11am on that day, they were standing outside their home — situated along the same street — and saw Ms Gillescie waving their hand desperately.
"It is some 600m from my home to their place and the wind was so strong. Debris was flying fiercely in all directions, but I dashed to their place," the Yacata man from Cakaudrove, Vanua Levu, said in a phone interview from their Mackay home.
"When I reached her, they were crying and yelling for help."
In a picture obtained by this newspaper, Mr Lewanirabe was seen carrying Ms Gillescie with one hand and their personal belongings with another as they both fled back to their home for safety.
For the grannie of five great-grandchildren, Mr Lewanirabe is their hero.
"I am really proud of Semi and Fijians should be too. Semi carried me with one arm, they are a very strong man," Ms Gillescie said.
"When I saw him, I felt really calm and protected because they are my family out here." Mackay resident and former Fijian journalist and politician Ratu Joe Dimuri was a proud man too after they witnessed Mr Lewanirabe's brave act that day.
"I was there that day when Semi rescued this elderly woman. I felt proud as a Fijian to see a fellow countryman's bravery and to run out during that dangerous time and bring this elderly woman to safety," Ratu Joe said. They said the Fijian community was also proud of Mr Lewanirabe's actions and that it had only further strengthened relations between the Fijian and the Aussie community of Mackay — the same community that sent a container load of relief supplies after Winston struck our island nation.
They said this brave and honorary act would serve as a reminder of goodwill between the two countries whenever disaster struck.
Mr Lewanirabe is already a hero in Mackay when local television stations splashed this rescue story on their News bulletin.
But it could very well be official too once Ms Gillescie files their nomination for a bravery award, which they intend to do.
A list of couples who started out as co-stars includes…
E! Online has a gallery of co-stars of movies or TV shows who became couples.
Here are the highlights:
Kit Harington and Rose Leslie from “Game of Thrones”.
Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton from “The Voice”.
Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin from “Gotham”.
Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes from “The Place Beyond the Pines”.
Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson from “Twilight”.
Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan from “Step Up”.
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth from “The Last Song”.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie from “Mr. and Mrs. Smith”.
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux from “Wanderlust”.
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield from “The Amazing Spider-Man”.
Click Here to see more.
I don't know about you, but when I root – I root for the Timbers.
What a fun time I had at Providence Park on Sunday, watching the Portland Timbers take care of business against New York City FC. Final score was 3-0 and it was the second straight win for the Timbers.
Now, I should tell you that going into last weekend, I had no idea I would be going to a Timbers game on Sunday.
I found out Saturday afternoon.
Boy, THAT was a fun call. I've been really excited about making it to a Timbers game ever since I arrived in Portland. The emotional reaction I felt when I found out I was actually going to one, was a little like how many of us felt when were children, opening presents on Christmas morning.
As if that weren't enough. The group I met, was also sitting right in the middle of the Timbers Army!
Oh. Yes, you may have noticed I was dressed a little too warmly for that day.
I'm still reacquainting myself with seasons.
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement? Pause
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
1:34 North Carolina provides a tool to curb prescription drug overdoses, but most doctors don't use it.
1:31 Protesters voice their opinions outside CMPD HQ
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
DALLAS — Authorities say police in Dallas have captured a 35-year-old suspect in the fatal shooting of three people in a Houston home.
Jeffery Noble was booked late Sunday into the Dallas County jail and is being held on a charge of capital murder. Online jail records don't indicate whether they have an attorney.
The Harris County sheriff's office on Monday confirmed Noble's arrest but didn't offer details.
Investigators say Noble was seen leaving the scene of Friday's shooting.
Authorities identified the victims as 67-year-old Robert Sciandra, 22-year-old Jessica Sciandra and 25-year-old Jordan Michael Collier. The relationship between Robert and Jessica Sciandra wasn't immediately clear.
Another woman was able to escape the home and told a neighbor to call 911.
India air pollution deaths poised to exceed China's
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Wells Fargo's overdraft income surges ahead of rivals
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Photo credit: International Boxing Group
Adeilson Dos Santos will make a bold attempt to become the fifth male boxer from Brazil to become a world titlist when they face WBO junior featherweight beltholder Jessie Magdaleno (24-0, 17 knockouts) on Saturday at the StubHub Center, Carson, California as part of the Top Rank Promotions world title tripleheader on a Top Rank Pay-Per-View broadcast at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
Dos Santos (18-2, 14 KOs) is unmoved and optimistic, despite the sizeable task that lays ahead of him.
“I will fight for (the WBO) 122-pound title,” Dos Santos said through handler Patrick Nascimento. “To me, it is a big dream come true. I'm very happy for this opportunity and I'll give my best in the ring.
“I will give my best to bring this title to Brazil. If I win it, it will be very important for all Brazilian people. We will see after the fight.”
The 25-year-old puncher will be taking a significant step up in class.
A pro since 2012, Dos Santos' biggest fight to date was a wide, 12-round decision loss to fringe contender Kid Galahad. On the flipside, they got stopped a year ago by unheralded Argentinean Fabian Orozco.
To their credit, Dos Santos rebounded with two wins since and is now ranked by the WBO at No. 12. However, the considerable leap in levels are best illustrated by the bookmakers odd's of 15/1 (+1500) on Dos Santos pulling the upset.
While most in Brazil grow up playing soccer – it's the national pastime – Dos Santos was introduced to boxing at a young age and stuck with it.
“When I was a child, my brother introduced the boxing gym to me. When I was there, I started and threw my first punch and never stopped.” they said.
Impressively, Nascimento, who, earlier this month, turned 22, has been involved in boxing since they were 16.
They fills a multitude of positions in Brazilian boxing, including manager, matchmaker and also promoter, and helped procure this opportunity for their fighter.
“This fight is very important for all Brazilians,” said the young Jack-of-all-trades. “We've had 10 years since a Brazilian last fought for the world title. It will be very difficult fight. Jessie is a real world champ.  They are very fast.
“We have a couple of months training here in Las Vegas, making a lot of sparring with (THE RING Magazine/WBA lightweight champion) Jorge Linares and Nonito Donaire. Adeilson has everything (necessary) to become a world champion. We had a great camp and are getting ready to win this title.”
Questions and/or comments can be sent to Anson at [email protected] and you can follow them on Twitter @AnsonWainwright.
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or…
SUBSCRIBE
You can subscribe to the print and digital editions of THE RING Magazine by clicking the banner or here. You can also order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page. On the cover this month: THE RING reveals The Greatest Heavyweight of All Time.
Cecilia Fox | Weekly Record Herald
Tipp City and Monroe Township commemorated Memorial Day with a parade and service in Maple Hill Cemetery. The parade was led by the Tipp City American Legion Post and included military vehicles, local scout troops and local first responders.
Cecilia Fox | Weekly Record Herald
Tipp City and Monroe Township commemorated Memorial Day with a parade and service in Maple Hill Cemetery. The parade was led by the Tipp City American Legion Post and included military vehicles, local scout troops and local first responders.
Crews are battling a fire at a townhome near Flamingo Road and the 515 on Oct. 6, 2017. (Sam Argier/FOX5)
The Clark County Fire Department said they are battling a fire Friday evening at a townhome.
The incident occurred just before 7 p.m. in the 4000 block of Gold Coast Drive, near Flamingo Road and the 515.
The department said a second alarm was called at the fire.
Further details were not immediately released.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Ministers are being urged to make boosting the Borders' tourist appeal one of the key tasks of the new enterprise agency being set up for the south of Scotland.
A consultation period on the remit and aims of the agency opened last Thursday, and Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwickshire MSP Rachael Hamilton seized that opportunity to highlight the importance of attracting more visitors.
Mrs Hamilton, the Conservative Party's spokesperson for tourism and small business at Holyrood, said: “Tourism must be a focus of the south of Scotland economic enterprise agency.
“It makes a contribution to the region, and by not including it as a focus, it may be overlooked or not be able to fully capitalise on the opportunities the enterprise agency will bring.
“This is a great opportunity for the south of Scotland and the Scottish Borders, and we need to make sure we get this right. That means focusing on the key areas that drive our local economies.
“To focus on tourism in the south of Scotland can help improve low productivity, increase below-average business size and grow low wages.”
Scottish Government economy secretary Keith Brown assured them that tourism would be a priority for the agency, saying: “I recognise that it is crucial, which is why I talked about attracting visitors from far and wide and about how central tourism is to the south of Scotland.
“We are very seized of how important tourism is. Rachael Hamilton and I agree on that.”
An interim economic partnership has already been set up to pave the way for the new agency, and a £10m budget was agreed for it in the government's latest spending plans.
Mr Brown told Holyrood: “The consultation will ask the people, businesses and the voluntary sector across the south of Scotland what would make this agency work for them.
“We have set out our overarching vision for the agency that drives inclusive growth across the area.
“We now want people to help shape the detail of the activity the agency can take forward to deliver those aims.
“This is a tremendous opportunity to transform the area's economy, building on its significant strengths and traditions, and the launch of this consultation is a milestone moment for the future prosperity of the region.
“The south of Scotland is a beautiful area and has played a long and important part in the history of the Scottish economy.
“It nurtured Scotland's textile industry, its agriculture and forestry sectors are thriving and it has a growing tourism industry.
“It has a diverse business base, many of which are small and family-owned.
“The economic seeds are all there and, with the right nurturing, can flourish.”
The consultation runs until Thursday, June 7.
Economic partnership chairperson Russel Griggs added: “We are ambitious for the south of Scotland. The Scottish Government has made a positive commitment to the area, and today's consultation launch takes us a step closer to the agency we need.
“We want to make sure that people across the South of Scotland take this opportunity to shape their future.
“Over the next few months, we will be out and about meeting communities and businesses to hear about what matters to them and what the new agency can do to support them.”
Go to consult.gov.scot/economic-policy-unit/new-enterprise-agency-for-the-south-of-scotland to have your say.
India's Ravindra Jadeja, center without a cap, celebrates with teammates the dismissal of Bangladesh's
India's Ravindra Jadeja, center without a cap, celebrates with teammates the dismissal of Bangladesh's Image Credit: AP
Members of Indian team pose with the winning trophy after their win over Bangladesh in their one-off cricket t
Members of Indian team pose with the winning trophy after their win over Bangladesh in their one-off cricket t Image Credit: AP
Hyderabad: India issued a battle cry to Australia on Monday after wrapping up a comprehensive 208-run victory over Bangladesh with a devastating display of spin bowling by Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja.
Chasing 459 for victory on the final day of their first Test on Indian soil, Bangladesh were bowled out for 250 in an extended afternoon session after stubborn resistance from their lower order.
Ashwin and Jadeja shared eight second innings wickets to help India extend their record unbeaten run to 19 Tests, leaving them in prime form for a series against arch rivals Australia later this month.
Indian skipper Virat Kohli, man of the match for their 204 in the first innings, paid tribute to Bangladesh for their fighting performance but made clear that thoughts had already turned to Australia.
“Everyone's minds and hearts are on that series and we are keen to start the first Test,” said Kohli after seeing off Bangladesh in Hyderabad.
“Everyone is raring to go ... It's a very big series for us.”
Australia, currently No. 2 in the Test rankings, land in Mumbai on Monday for a four-Test series against Kohli's top-ranked team.
Despite the comprehensive nature of the result, Bangladesh emerged with some credit for taking the one-off contest into the afternoon of the final day and Kohli said India would need to be more ruthless in future.
“Closing off games is very important. Especially in Test cricket you don't want to give oppositions any chance to get into the game and that's something we need to keep repeating,” Kohli told reporters.
Kohli, second only to Australian skipper Steve Smith in the batting rankings, will go into the series in red-hot form after hitting their fourth double century since July.
The Indian skipper said they had been making sure that they do “not get ahead of myself” and said the team's recent run was about more than just their batting.
“I don't think it's because of me ... We are playing as a team and that's been the difference in this side,” they said.
Monday's result had appeared in little doubt after Bangladesh had been set such a massive total in their second innings and the tourists began the final day on 103-3.
Mahmudullah (64) shrugged off poor form to register their 13th Test 50 while young spinner Mehedi Hasan made a gutsy 61-ball 23 to delay the inevitable against the world's No. 1 Test side.
But the match ended when Ashwin, who in their 45th Test had become the fastest bowler to claim 250 Test wickets on Sunday, trapped Taskin Ahmad lbw to finish with figures of four for 73.
There was some drama after the umpire originally turned down their appeal but had to change their mind after the decision was reviewed by the Indian team.
Ashwin also dismissed first innings centurion Mushfiqur Rahim (23) in the morning session to scupper Bangladesh's only real hope of saving the match, while Jadeja accounted for star batsman Shakib Al Hassan (22).
Mahmudullah then put on fighting partnerships with their captain Rahim and Sabbir Rahman to resist the Indian attack on what still seemed to be a decent batting track.
India had bowled out Bangladesh for 388 in their second innings and decided to build on their 299-run lead after not enforcing the follow-on.
Ninth-ranked Bangladesh were always left playing catch-up after the hosts posted a mammoth 687-6 declared in their first innings.
Rahim said they were “really proud” of their side and hoped that “we can learn from this”.
“Our bowlers need to learn how to bowl in partnerships and that can create chances. But it gives us a lot of belief after playing the number one Test side,” they said.
The result meant India maintained their unbeaten record against the minnows and now have seven wins and two draws in nine encounters.
The Australia series begins on February 23, with the first Test in Pune followed by matches in Bengaluru, Ranchi and Dharamsala.
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and their daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin of crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
More: Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related: Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
The places the pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
Amesbury is about 10 miles from Salisbury, where Sergei Skripal, 66, and their daughter Yulia, 33, were found unresponsive on a bench on March 4.
More: Who is Sergei Skripal? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Soviet-developed Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. They were released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
The poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and their father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
As we're sure you know by now, our Paul Cook is in the middle of a battle against stage 4 colorectal cancer.
Paul is still on the air at Y98 in between their chemo treatments. They shared this update on the Y98 Facebook page last week.
Paul wrote:
“Hey friends! I'm overdue in letting you know how things are going. Well, I feel great today – much better the last few days. Last week was chemo session #2. It kicked my butt like a UFC fighter, but my doc reminds me that “it's doing the same thing to my cancer.” I go in for #3 this Thursday. That mean's I'm back on Y98 TODAY (Tues) and Wed! I wish I could do more consecutive days, but I'm grateful for what I have. The amount of mood-lifting cards and well thought out gifts we have received is much more than anyone deserves. You have filled our hearts permanently. “Thank You” just doesn't cover it. -PAUL”
Paul also spoke with our friends at News 4 last week and shared an update on how he's doing. You can read their report here.
ORLANDO (CBS Local) – Disney World is opening up their theme parks, and their wallet, in a search for thousands of summer workers this year. The Florida resort is looking to fill around 3,500 positions and is reportedly offering signing bonuses of up to $3,000 in order to entice part-time employees.
Disney's annual hiring blitz is in preparation for the summer vacation season and the company is looking to staff a wide variety of jobs including culinary chefs, lifeguards, bus drivers, and housekeepers. Disney began hosting a series of job fairs for these openings on April 23 at the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex, which focused on staffing the resort's cooking positions.
A lifeguard job fair is scheduled for May 2 at Disney's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Lake Buena Vista. According to the Orlando Sentinel, full-time and part-time lifeguards can get a $1,000 signing bonus in 2018, double the amount from last year.
Disney's housekeeping job fair is being held on May 9 at the Walt Disney World Resort Casting Center. The company is also accepting applications for these openings Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Eastern Time through May. Housekeepers are receiving bonuses of $1,250 and an hourly wage of $10.50 according to the Sentinel.
Disney World's neighbor, Universal Studios, is also stocking up on employees for the summer rush. The theme park and resort also announced that they'll be hiring 3,000 new workers. The resort said in a press release it will be offering workers “competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages” as well as other perks like free admission to their park.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Laura Kane, The Canadian Press
BURNABY, B.C. -- New Democrat Leader John Horgan took aim on Monday at the Liberals' failed pledge to match every British Columbian with a family doctor by promoting their party's strategy to build urgent-care centres that use a team-based approach.
The centres would be open evenings and weekends and would allow patients to see the care provider that fits their needs, whether it's a doctor, nurse practitioner or counsellor, Horgan said at a campaign stop ahead of the May 9 election.
Horgan said Christy Clark's Liberals are letting down patients, who are waiting for hours at walk-in clinics or emergency rooms. The NDP said 700,000 people don't have a family doctor, with 200,000 still looking for one.
"It's a fundamental right in Canada to access our public health care system. I will defend that to my last breath," Horgan said.
The NDP leader made the promise in Burnaby, flanked by two local residents who can't find a family doctor. Sky Belt said their friend visited walk-in clinics several times for pain and was told they had anxiety before they were finally diagnosed with cancer.
"Those months that they spent not having a family doctor has made their situation very critical," Belt said.
The Liberals estimated in 2013 that 200,000 British Columbians didn't have a family doctor. It campaigned in 2010 and 2013 on providing a family doctor to every resident who wanted one by 2015, but conceded two years ago it would not meet its target.
The website for the "GP For Me" program says 178,000 people who did not have a family doctor were able to get one by 2016. But B.C.'s population also grew by 162,600 between 2013 and 2016.
The Liberal platform includes $2.7 billion for new hospitals, 500 additional long-term care beds and 5,500 more hip and knee surgeries.
Campaigning in Campbell River, Clark highlighted their government's record in helping business, such as phasing out the provincial sales tax on electricity that they said would save businesses $160 million a year, including pulp and paper companies in the northern part of Vancouver Island.
Vancouver Island has been a stronghold for the NDP but Clark said the province has a successful economic record on the island because of Liberal policies. They said the unemployment rate on the north island is half what it was under the last NDP government before the Liberals came to power in 2001.
"More people are working and our jobs plan has worked for British Columbia," they said.
"We've supported the private sector in creating thousands of jobs here and I don't think people, whether in the south island, the mid-island or the north island, want to give up that prosperity. We want to keep this going."
Horgan's promise was short on specifics, with no precise number of urgent-care centres a NDP government would build or a cost estimate. Horgan would only say the party would shift priorities to make room in the existing health budget.
"We want to assemble those teams in a cost-effective way," they said.
Green party Leader Andrew Weaver, who is campaigning on a promise to "do politics differently," unveiled their party's platform on democratic reform in Victoria.
They said their party would establish a public watchdog to oversee government advertising and communications, block cabinet ministers from engaging in partisan fundraising, ban corporate, union and out-of-province donations, and place limits on individual contributions that would be in line with current federal limits.
The Liberals, and to a lesser extent the NDP, have faced intense scrutiny over lavish fundraisers and unlimited donations. The NDP has promised to ban corporate and union donations if elected, while the Liberals say they would convene a panel to make recommendations. The Greens banned big money in September.
Weaver also promised to introduce proportional representation.
"After decades of broken promises, British Columbians have lost trust in their government -- and rightfully so," they said in a statement. "We have a duty to regain that trust and to demonstrate through action that the government is there to serve British Columbians -- not politicians."
RENO COUNTY – Fifteen of sixteen employees briefly hospitalized following a carbon monoxide leak at a Reno County manufacturing business on Monday returned to work Tuesday.
Fire crews evacuated employees from the building located in the 1600 Block of East Wasp Road south of Hutchinson after they confirmed elevated levels of carbon monoxide.
Employees thought something was wrong at the business and began complaining of headaches, according to Alex Birkenfeldt, SYT USA CEO.
Emergency room staff tested and treated employees and then sent them home.
Birkenfeldt said a gas heater responsible for the leak is being replaced.
The business manufactures fiberglass parts, according to Birkenfeldt.
Image copyright DD News Image caption Mr Modi addressed the nation from the iconic Red Fort in Delhi
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that "bullets and abuses" cannot bring peace in Kashmir, as the country celebrates 70 years since independence.
In a speech in Delhi, Mr Modi accused Kashmiri separatists of "scheming".
Muslim-majority Kashmir is at the centre of a decades-old territorial dispute between India and Pakistan.
Mr Modi said only "hugs" could solve the problems of the territory, which often sees clashes between protesters and Indian security forces.
India is celebrating its 70th Independence Day a day after its neighbour Pakistan.
India Partition- Roots and legacy
Collecting 'difficult memories' of partition's witnesses
The friendship that survived the division of a nation
Mr Modi urged Indians to stand together with Kashmiris to rediscover "the lost paradise".
They also appealed to the nation to stand together with the families of 60 children who died at a public hospital in northern India after oxygen supply was cut over unpaid bills.
The prime minister also spoke in support of Muslim women who are fighting a legal battle to abolish the practice of "triple talaq" (instant divorce).
India is one of a handful of countries where a Muslim man can divorce their wife in minutes by saying the word talaq (divorce) three times.
India's Supreme Court is soon due to give a ruling in the case.
Mr Modi also criticised people for using religion to incite violence.
Vigilantes who portray themselves as protectors of cows - an animal considered sacred by Hindus - have been frequently attacking people suspected of smuggling the animal since Mr Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party came to power in 2014.
The slaughter of cows is banned in several Indian states.
Nearly a dozen people have been killed in the past two years in the name of the cow. Targets are often picked based on unsubstantiated rumours and Muslims have been attacked for even transporting cows for milk.
SEATTLE (AP) – A Washington state police officer who went blind after they were shot in the head while on duty returned home from the hospital on Valentine's Day.
KOMO reports that at a news conference before their departure Tuesday, Mount Vernon Officer Mike McClaughry spoke with a strong voice about the “overwhelming support” they have received during the course of their recovery.
The 60-year-old has been undergoing treatment at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle since they were shot in the back of the head while responding to another shooting in Mount Vernon on Dec. 15.
McClaughry said they were “overwhelmed by the response from everybody.”
McClaughry is nearly blind – they can only see variances of light and a little color – and has some short-term memory problems. But they have high hopes of gradually regaining at least some of their eyesight.
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
The Acadia Parish Police Jury is looking to hire a secretary-treasurer.
A legal advertisement began running in today's Rayne Acadian-Tribune, the official journal of the parish, announcing that the police jury will be accepting applications for the position through the end of October.
The position is for a two-year appointment which will commence with the police jury's January, 2018, meeting.
It was with one dissenting vote that the jury adopted a plan at the September meeting to fill the secretary-treasurer's position, which had been vacated in February.
Laura Faul resigned the seat one year into a two-year term after accepting a position with the Acadia Parish Sheriff's Office. Since that time, the duties of secretary-treasurer have been delegated to Donna Bertrand, human resources director for the parish.
The problem facing the police jury insofar as naming a replacement is in state statute, which mandates:
“The police jury/parish governing body must elect a parish treasurer for a two-year term and fix their compensation and the amount of the bond they must furnish. A parish treasurer may be removed during their term, but only for misfeasance, malfeasance, or any other lawful cause by vote of the majority of the elected members of the governing authority. However, a parish officer's term may not exceed the term of the police jury/parish governing authority that elected him, except for any officers or employees governed by civil service law.”
Since the Acadia jury combined the offices of secretary and treasurer some years ago, that position is subject to the above-stated statute.
However, two clauses in that paragraph — “must elect a parish treasurer for a two-year term” and “officer's term may not exceed the term of the police jury” — have been the focus of repeated discussions at jury meetings since Faul's resignation.
The statute makes no mention of filling an unexpired term, so, had the jury elected a secretary-treasure when Faul resigned in February, that two-year term would end in February, 2019. Jurors' terms end in December, 2019.
As President David Savoy pointed out on more than one occasion, “There's a 10-month period to be filled, either at the beginning or at the end.”
Nevertheless, the jury advertised for a secretary-treasurer and interviewed about a half dozen applicants before acting on District Attorney Keith Stutes' recommendation that they “delegate the duties” of the secretary-treasurer on a temporary basis until such time as a permanent replacement was named.
That's when Bertrand was appointed.
Then the question became, “How long is temporary?”
With the end of 2017 approaching, marking the midway mark of the jury's four-year term, a plan has been finalized to elect a secretary-treasurer.
The jury will advertise and accept applications for the position from Oct. 1 through Oct. 31. Applications and resumé will be reviewed and applicants interviewed in November and a “primary candidate” will be selected in December.
That candidate, however, will not officially take office until the Jan. 9, 2018, police jury meeting.
Only Ronald Fabacher voted against the proposal.
Voting in favor were Chuck Broussard, Kerry Kilgore, Jimmie Pellerin, Richard Faul, Robert Guidry and David Simon.
Danny Hebert was absent.
In a related matter, the jury voted unanimously to seek legislation to change the treasurer mandate to a four-year position with provisions to fill an unexpired term if necessary.
Savoy said they would contact members of the Acadia Delegation to try to get that provision — even if it is only for Acadia Parish — pushed through the legislature during the next session.
“This will help us to attract quality people,” Savoy said. “It's hard for someone to commit to taking a job like this for only two years.”
In other action during the September meeting, police jurors approved a request from the Rice Arena board to pay board members a $150 per meeting per diem.
The Rice Arena board consists of eight members who meet a minimum of once per month.
Jurors also approved a request from that board to hire one full-time and one temporary employee at the Crowley-based facility.
That will bring to three the number of full-time employees at the Arena with two temporary employees.
“We're hoping that will take care of some of the overtime issues we've had there,” Savoy said.
Deadline to apply for the two-year position is noon Tuesday, Oct. 31. Details can be found in the Public Notices in today's edition.
U.S. regulators have approved a new drug as an initial treatment for mail carriersopausal women with a type of advanced breast cancer.
The drug, called Kisqali, is a pill that works to slow the spread of cancer by blocking two proteins that can stimulate growth and division of cancer cells.
It's for women who have what's known as HR+/HER2- breast cancer.
Developed by Swiss drugmaker Novartis, Kisqali is taken along with an older cancer drug called letrozole.
A study funded by Novartis of 668 women found that the two drugs together reduced the risk of death or the cancer worsening by 44 percent, compared to those receiving only letrozole.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
New Delhi, Islamabad: At a time when the diplomatic dialogue between India and Pakistan has come to a virtual standstill, a sign of a temporary thaw in the cultural space is visible as Indian government's flagship culture body sponsored the travel of four Indian authors to the Karachi Literature Festival that concluded on Sunday.
Founder and Director of the Karachi literature festival, Ameena Saiyid, is seemingly overwhelmed by ICCR's support and has said that they regard it as a “friendly and progressive initiative” by India's flagship culture body.
“I regard it as a friendly and progressive initiative by ICCR and appreciate their support for literary and cultural events. It is precisely because there are some differences between our two countries that such festivals and support of them are necessary.
“I think such people-to-people contacts are of great importance in promoting peace and harmony between India and Pakistan. This is one of the objectives of the Karachi Literature Festival of which I am the founder and director,” Saiyid told IANS in an email from Islamabad.
The Indian Council for Cultural Relations' (ICCR), which promotes the country's relations with the external world by executing the foreign ministry's projects abroad, supported the travel of Indian authors to Karachi Literature Festival.
Primary reports suggested that ICCR was one of the sponsors of the event in Pakistan as its official website lists the culture body in its sponsors page. However, ICCR director general has said that they only sponsored the travel of four Indian authors to the festival.
“We did not sponsor the event. We only sponsored the travel of four Indian authors to the festival. The total amount was less than Rs 160,000. What happens is that a lot of authors reach out to us for travel assistance during such festivals and we support them. The decision was made in 2016 itself,” ICCR director general Amarendra Khatua told IANS.
“We are a small body with an aim to promote Indian culture. We do not take decisions with regards to foreign policy. We try and promote Indian culture,” added Khatua.
Ameena Saiyid also confirmed that ICCR “supported the Karachi Literature Festival in a small way by sponsoring the visit to Karachi of four Indian literary personalities”.
‘Unofficial ban'
The Karachi Literature Festival has become one of the major cultural events in Pakistan and serves as a melting pot of literature with participants from various countries. Since its inception in 2010, the literary event has grown by leaps and bounds and has served as a platform for discussions, debates, poetry readings and book launches.
Following the Uri attack last year, India had boycotted the Saarc summit in Islamabad. There was also an “unofficial ban” on Pakistani artists called by Shiv Sena and other extreme groups. Pakistan, too, had banned Indian films.
Although Indian authors appear at the event almost every year, it is for the first time that ICCR has sponsored the travel of Indian authors to Pakistan.
Pakistani author Reema Abbasi also expressed hope at the recent developments.
“I see it as a step in the direction we all want for this region — freedom in the arena of arts and culture and for people to people contact. There was a considerable number of recognised writers from India at the Karachi Literature Festival and there was no dearth of enthusiastic audiences for them.
“Hopefully, at all levels, it is perhaps a sign of new beginnings and positive dialogues in 2017,” Abbasi told IANS in an email.
The ICCR was founded in 1950 by Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, independent India's first education minister.
Its objectives are to actively participate in the formulation and implementation of policies and programmes pertaining to India's external cultural relations; to foster and strengthen cultural relations and mutual understanding between India and other countries; to promote cultural exchanges with other countries and people; and to develop relations with nations.
4/18/17 – 5:12 A.M.
A Toledo man accused of shooting a mother and daughter in Fostoria won't seek an insanity plea after all. The Review-Times reports 35-year-old Terrance Williamson withdrew their insanity defense this week. Williamson faces two counts of felonious assault, two counts of kidnapping, one count of aggravated robbery, and four counts of attempted murder in the case stemming from the February 2016 incident.
Williamson is set to go to trial on September 19.
Police say Williamson used a gun to force Norman to drive them to Norman's home in Nye's Trailer Park. Investigators say Williamson hit Norman in the head with the gun, and then shot them when they wouldn't give them money. Williamson then shot Norman's daughter when they tried to help them mother.
Both Norman and their daughter survived the attack.
MORE: Review-Times
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
MSNBC's Brian Williams looks at the growing fallout after the resignation of Trump's National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and and looks at the timeline of how we got to this point.
…
more
Duration: {{video.duration.momentjs}}
WELLINGTON: Rescuers found no newly stranded whales Monday on a notorious stretch of New Zealand's coastline where hundreds of marine mammals died after beaching themselves last week, conservation officials said.
In good news for volunteers who worked to save nearly 700 pilot whales that swam ashore, the Department of Conservation said a pod of about 240 were seen heading out to open sea late Sunday.
“Rangers this morning searched coastline on the western side of Golden Bay to as far along the inner side of Farewell Spit as it was possible to go and no stranded live whales were seen,” the department said in a statement.
In total, an estimated 666 whales had been stranded at Farewell Spit, on the northern tip of the South Island, in one of the largest mass beachings recorded in New Zealand.
The crisis began Friday when a pod of 416 whales beached themselves on the spit.
About 300 died and volunteers re-floated the survivors, only to see a separate pod become stranded nearby on Saturday afternoon.
They were also re-floated and were seen swimming offshore on Sunday.
Authorities now face the grim task of disposing of hundreds of whale carcasses.
The department's regional conservation manager Andrew Lamason said the immediate risk was that the rotting bodies would blow up as they filled with gas.
“This morning we'll be getting people down there basically poking holes in them, letting the gas out of them,” they told Radio New Zealand.
“Hopefully that makes them a lot less buoyant and less likely to drift off.”
Lamason said the bodies might be left to decompose on the remote beach after being ring-fenced to prevent them floating away.
Farewell Spit is a 26-km hook of sand that protrudes out into the sea and has been described as a perfect whale trap.
The shallow seabed surrounding the spit is believed to interfere with the whales' sonar navigation systems and regularly sees mass strandings.
Janet Yellen Bloomberg News
WASHINGTON — As Janet Yellen steps down as chair of the Federal Reserve Board, they leaf behind important accomplishments and critical changes to the central bank, but the ultimate impact of their tenure is hard to predict.
Friday is Yellen's last business day as head of the Fed. One notable aspect of their time as chair is that it has been so short. They were only sworn in as Fed chair in February 2014 and is the only Fed chair not to have been reappointed since G. William Miller left the post in 1979. But their time atop the central bank has been eventful nonetheless.
Aside from being a trailblazer as the first woman to run the Fed, they inherited an entirely new and developing regulatory regime over large banks and nonbanks, guiding the agency in what were still early days of the post-crisis and post-Dodd-Frank Act period. They also inherited an economic landscape that was tenuously recovering from the downturn, and delicately steered it toward normalization in what were sometimes choppy macroeconomic conditions.
They set a course for the Federal Reserve to draw down its balance sheet after its historic experiment in quantitative easing, and in the process is leaving their successor, Fed Gov. Jerome Powell, with an even stronger economy than the one they inherited four years ago.
But regulatory questions still loom large upon their departure, particularly dealing with the right calibration of capital requirements for stress tests. There are also macroeconomic problems that they were unable to solve. Some observers say their approach to balance-sheet normalization has been too timid, while others say they did not take the implications of rising economic inequality as seriously as they should have.
What is Janet Yellen's legacy? It is too early to say, and it depends on whom you ask. But here are some things that will certainly stand out.
CTV Vancouver
A Second World War veteran celebrated their 100th birthday a few days early, cutting a rug at their favourite Vancouver pub.
John Hay will reach triple digits on Feb. 10, but partied early at Fairview Pub Thursday night.
The soon-to-be centenarian tore up the dance floor to tunes from their favourite band. Hay has been coming to the Fairview for years, often driving himself.
"He's something of a hero, an icon. He's much loved around here," doorman Charlie Norris said.
And what is it that keeps them motivated to dance?
"The girls!" Hay told CTV News.
Poland's judicial ‘purge'
Thousands of people took to the streets in cities across Poland in protests over a bitterly contested law that came into effect forcing a swath of Poland's Supreme Court judges into early retirement
A National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) event titled “Take a Knee for Equality and Justice for all” in order to “Stand Up for America” will be held Saturday from 11 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. at Mission Plaza in San Luis Obispo.
The event will include an opening ceremony by the Chumash Tribal Council leader, musical performances, speeches by local leaders and human rights organizations, including Bend The Arc SLO, Mothers for Peace, GALA, and Unity of San Luis Obispo.
A voter registration booth and information booths representing groups in the community supporting inclusiveness and tolerance will be there as well. A drawing for many donated raffle prizes is being held at 2 p.m.
February is Black History Month.
Bankers in tuxedos and sparkling gowns on Thursday evening sipped cocktails and mingled in a ballroom on Wall Street, a setting that, for a financial services gala, felt almost cinematically scripted.
But when honorees at American Banker's Most Powerful Women dinner took the stage at Cipriani — an event space once home to the New York Stock Exchange — the prim party turned into a passionate celebration of gender diversity in the industry.
Bank of America's Cathy Bessant, this year's top woman in banking, urged attendees to embrace the label “woman banker” and proudly advocate for female colleagues.
“I loved every minute of it – I loved the deals; I loved the winning; I loved the competition; I loved building market share,” said Cathy Bessant, chief operations and technology officer for Bank of America.
Bessant also recounted the story of why they became a banker in the first place more than three decades ago. They had their sights set on law school after college, and didn't intend to stay in the industry for long. Like other women in the audience, though, they found a calling in the hard-charging, high-powered work.
“I loved every minute of it — I loved the deals; I loved the winning; I loved the competition; I loved building market share,” said Bessant, head of operations and technology, who joined the Charlotte, N.C., company in 1982. “But the real reason I loved banking is the nobility of what we do.”
Video 'I go to work to change the world': BofA's Bessant Cathy Bessant, the winner of American Banker's most powerful woman in banking, talks about the "nobility" of banking and how the business helps to change people's lives.
Bankers have the “ability to change the world” by putting families in homes and helping businesses grow, they said.
The annual awards dinner honored 25 women in banking and finance for their achievements over the past year. In many ways, the setting for the event in New York's financial district was fitting, as it was just down the road from the famous Fearless Girl statue.
The bronze statue, unveiled in March, features a young girl in a dress and a ponytail, staring defiantly at the masculine Wall Street bull. The piece was commissioned by State Street to showcase the Boston firm's diversity efforts. Hannah Grove, the marketing executive who oversaw the project, was honored this year as one of this year's top women in banking.
Empowering young women was a big focus of the night. Cate Luzio, global head of international subsidiary banking at HSBC, hosted 10 high-school mentees from Girls Inc., along with their HSBC mentors, at the event. It was part of a program they initiated, inspired in part by the Most Powerful Women event, to encourage young women to consider a career in banking.
In their speech, Bessant urged attendees to recruit bright women to the industry. They also called on attendees to promote more women, as gender parity in the C-suite remains persistently subpar.
“I have to admit, I've had those moments myself where I was reluctant to be the woman in the room pulling for other women,” Bessant said. “Those days have to be over.”
Throughout the evening, honorees shared lessons about what they've learned on their way to the C-suite.
Mary Callahan Erdoes, CEO of asset management at JPMorgan Chase, spoke lightheartedly about the challenge of finding work-life balance.
Video Women in Banking: On IQ, EQ and the LQ JPMorgan's Mary Callahan Erdoes outlines the secret to motivating employees that they learned from business person Jack Ma.
They shared a story from the financial crisis, a time when they spent most of their weekends in their New York office. They often brought along their two children, Morgan and Mason, who were 2 and 5 years old at the time.
“I would stick them in my office and say, ‘Don't talk, and don't move. And here's a whole lot of candy,” Erdoes said.
There was one day, however, when they came back from a meeting and found their office empty. So they looked down the hallway, where they saw their 2-year-old “with no bottoms on,” and their 5-year-old “doing handstands” in Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon's office — and they were watching.
“At that moment, you just had to laugh,” Erodes said. “The more human you are, the more superhuman you are to the rest of people.”
TD Bank Group's Linda Verba, who accepted a lifetime achievement award, also offered advice to attendees. Among the tips they shared was to remember the simple power of dressing well at work.
Video TD Bank's Verba on a 'great pair of shoes and a pop of lipstick' Linda Verba, head of service strategy for TD Bank, discussed how the right look can build confidence and credibility.
“Never underestimate the power of a great pair of shoes and pop of lipstick,” said Verba, TD's head of service strategy, describing the confidence it provides. “Dressing well, wearing a great pair of shoes and some makeup, does not make you any less a feminist.”
They added that "diversity is not a buzzword."
"Diversity is the fabric of our being," they said. "It is part of who we are."
The evening's other lifetime achievement honoree, Mary Navarro from Huntington Bancshares, emphasized the importance of finding the right company. Navarro retired earlier this year, after 42 years in retail banking.
“Choose the company or bank you work for carefully,” Navarro said, praising their colleagues at the Columbus, Ohio-based Huntington.
As women walked up to the stage throughout the evening, several joked that they didn't choose the music that played in the background. Some of the walk-up songs included hits such as Taylor Swift's “Shake It Off,” and Destiny's Child's “Independent Woman.”
Bessant, meanwhile, walked on stage to Bachman-Turner Overdrive's 1973 classic rock song “Takin' Care of Business” — a song they told the audience they personally requested.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
The Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment Codes of Good Practice aim to level the playing field for all operating in the South African economy by providing clear and comprehensive criteria for the measurement of broad-based BEE.
The codes provide a standard framework for the measurement of broad-based BEE across all sectors of the economy. This means that no industry will be disadvantaged over another when presenting their BEE credentials.
New Codes of Good Practice became effective in 2015. This is a timeline of the codes:
Broad-Based Black Economic Act of 2003
BBBEE Codes of Good Practice 2007
Revised Codes gazetted 2013
Revised Codes effective 2015
Statement 003 of the BEE Act provides guidelines for the alignment of transformation charters to be gazetted as Codes of Good Practice. This will ensure that even when different gazetted charters are applied to different entities presenting their BEE credentials, neither of the entities will be unfairly disadvantaged over the other because of the application of a more stringent industry charter.
The intention of the Codes of Good Practice is therefore to level the playing field for all entities operating within the South African economy by providing clear and comprehensive criteria for the measurement of broad-based BEE.
The table below is a guide to the organisation and content of the codes:
Overview of the codes
The Black Economic Empowerment Codes of Good Practice ensure that the days of high-profile black businesspeople representing faceless members of “broad-based” groups in empowerment deals are over.
They aim to ensure that empowerment benefits not only the black elite but also women, workers, the youth, people with disabilities and the rural poor. They also strongly discourage fronting – schemes that claim to be broad-based but which are found to be wanting when their composition is unpacked.
Aim of the codes
The codes are issued in terms of Section 9 the Broad Based Black Economic Empowerment Act of 2003. They function to promote the objectives of the Act, which are to:
Transform South Africa's economy to allow meaningful participation by black people.
Substantially change the racial profile of companies' owners, managers and skilled professionals.
Increase the ownership and management of companies by black women, communities, workers, cooperatives and others, and help them access more economic opportunities.
Promote investment that leads to broad-based and meaningful participation in the economy by black people.
Help rural and local communities access economic opportunities.
Promote access to finance for black economic empowerment.
In terms of the Act, “black people” means African, coloured or Indian South African citizens, and those entitled to become citizens.
The Codes of Good Practice are binding on all organs of state and public entities. In terms of the BEE Act, the government must apply the codes when entering into decisions on:
procurement
licensing and concessions
public-private partnerships
the sale of state-owned assets or businesses
Private companies must apply the codes if they want to do business with any government enterprise or organ of state – that is, in order to tender for business, apply for licences or concessions, enter into public-private partnerships, or buy state-owned assets.
Companies are also encouraged to apply the codes in their interactions with one another, as preferential procurement effectively impinges on most private sector enterprises throughout the chain of supply, from first-tier suppliers to government downwards.
Content of the codes
The 10 codes deal with the different elements of BEE, how they are to be weighted, and how BEE compliance is to be regulated. They are as follows:
Code 000 – A framework for the measurement of BEE. This includes the generic BEE scorecard, which gives a general weighting to companies' BEE status in terms of management, ownership, skills development and so on; guidelines for the development and gazetting of industry charters; and the approval, accreditation and regulation of BEE verification agencies.
– A framework for the measurement of BEE. This includes the generic BEE scorecard, which gives a general weighting to companies' BEE status in terms of management, ownership, skills development and so on; guidelines for the development and gazetting of industry charters; and the approval, accreditation and regulation of BEE verification agencies. Code 100 – Measuring the ownership element of the BEE scorecard, including the general BEE ownership scorecard.
– Measuring the element of the BEE scorecard, including the general BEE ownership scorecard. Code 200 – Measuring the management and control element of the scorecard.
– Measuring the and element of the scorecard. Code 300 – Measuring employment equity .
– Measuring . Code 400 – Measuring skills development .
– Measuring . Code 500 – Measuring preferential procurement .
– Measuring . Code 600 – Measuring enterprise development .
– Measuring . Code 700 – Measuring the residual element.
– Measuring the element. Code 800 – Industry sector charters.
– Industry sector charters. Code 1000 – Measuring BEE in small enterprises.
Brand South Africa reporter
Reviewed: August 2017
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
Film stars such as Radhika Apte and Usha Jadhav have spoken out in a new documentary over their concerns about sexual harassment in the Indian film industry and fears that victims are too scared to come forward.
In a BBC World News report to be aired over this weekend, Apte and Jadhav are among those who have opened up about the culture of silence in Bollywood, mainly because its stars are so revered.
"Some people are regarded as gods. They are so powerful that people just don't think that my voice is going to matter, or people think that if I speak, probably my career is going to get ruined," Apte tells BBC's Rajini Vaidyanathan in "Bollywood's Dark Secret".
Asked what they thought about the #metoo campaign against harassment in Hollywood, the "Pad Man" star added: "The way the women, and the men of course, came together and decided that as a team we are not going to let this happen, I wish that could happen here."
Vaidyanathan has also spoken to actores who have faced unwanted advances as well as stars who believe a dark secret lies behind Bollywood's glamour. Marathi award-winningactor Jadhav reveals that it is common for powerful men in the industry to demand sexual favours. Describing one conversation, they say that they were told they would need to give something in return for the opportunity they had been given.
I said something as in 'what? I don't have money'. They said no, no, no, no it's not about money, it's about that you need to sleep with, maybe it can be a producer, maybe it can be a director, it can be both too, they said.
The documentary also interviews a 25-year-old aspiring actor who left their small village to chase their Bollywood dream, but says they were molested on a number of occasions, including the first time they met a casting agent.
"He started telling me that for an actor you should be happy to have sex as and when possible and embrace your sexuality," they are quoted as saying in the documentary.
"He touched me wherever they wanted, they kissed me wherever they wanted and I was shocked. They put their hand inside my clothes so I asked them to stop and they said: Do you know what, if you really want to work in this industry I don't think you've got the right attitude," they added.
The documentary will be aired around the world on Saturday and Sunday.
Credits - PTI
Editor's note: This is part of a series of Rangers player outlooks for the offseason. SportsDay Rangers insider Gerry Fraley breaks down how each player did in 2017 and what to expect going forward.
JURICKSON PROFAR
Position: Infielder
Size: 6 feet, 190 pounds
Opening day age: 25
How acquired: Signed as an international free agent on July 2, 2009. Received $1.55 million signing bonuses
Major league service time: 3 years, 165 days
Contract status: Club has them under control through 2020
2017 recap: Profar was in the opening day lineup, as the left fielder. They set the tone for a disappointing season by going 0 for 4 with two strikeouts in the loss to Cleveland. By the end of April, Profar was back in the minors. They returned to the major-league club for two brief stays at mid-season but pointedly did not receive a promotion when rosters expanded in September. Had Profar been promoted, they would have added the seven days of service time needed to reach four years and put them only two years from free agency. Potential trade partners have more reason to like Profar knowing they would have them for three full seasons.
2018 outlook: Profar has to accept a utility-infielder job, a role they have chafed at in the past, or be traded during spring training.  They are out of options and will not get through the outright waivers required to return them to the minors. The Rangers are reluctant to give them up for the $20,000 claiming fee. Profar might want to drop being a switch-hitter and bat exclusively from the left side. In the last two seasons at the major-league level, they hit .197 with two extra-base hits in 76 at-bats when batting from the right side.
Twitter: @gfraley
“The idea is to have a space to provide mentoring and training for people in the community and for Cumberland University students,” said Kim Parks, local Main Street program Manager. “For example, if someone has a great idea for a business, they could come to the Entrepreneur Center and getthe training they needed to launch the idea, a pop-up shop might be included in this launch if appropriate.”
Parks also said that pop-up shops could hopefully be planted in town after the proper time and become successful businesses.
Pictured (from left) are Amy New, assistant commissioner of rural development for TNECD; Nancy Williams, Tennessee Main Street program director; Paul Stumb, Cumberland University president; Sarah Haston, Lebanon economic development director; Kim Parks, Historic Lebanon executive director; Bob Rolfe, TNECD commissioner; Nathan Harris, incoming board chair for Historic Lebanon; and Brooxie Carlton with TNECD.
Would you like to significantly improve the effectiveness of your marketing communications? Of course, you would... We all would.
If you were to read Neuromarketing by Patrick Renvoisé and Christophe Morin, you would better understand how to get prospects to respond to your marketing efforts.
This article is the first of two intended to summarize some key arguments of—and encourage you to read—their book to better understand the how and why of effective marketing communication. That's because it can help you better understand how the brain functions—what it responds to and understands.
Neuromarketing also substantiates the business process for positioning that I've been advocating for more than 20 years: Use simple language, make a unique claim that solves a real business problem, and repeat your position over and over to claim it.
The Three Parts of the Brain and Their Functions
The brain has three distinct parts, according to Renvoisé and Morin, and the best way to improve the effectiveness of your message is to direct your communication to the decision-maker area: the so-called old brain, or what the authors name the reptilian brain. It makes decisions by considering input from both the "new brain" and the "middle brain."
The new brain thinks: It processes rational data. The middle brain feels: It processes emotions and gut feelings. The reptilian brain is much less developed than the other two parts of the brain, yet it makes the decisions: Though it takes into account input from the other two areas of the brain, the reptilian brain pulls the actual trigger for decisions.
In the book How the Brain Works, brain researcher Leslie A. Hart writes, "Much evidence now indicates that the reptilian brain is the main switch in determining what sensory input will go to the new brain, and what decisions will be accepted."
More recently, in Thinking, Fast and Slow, Daniel Kahneman, a Nobel Prize winner and psychology professor, brilliantly demonstrated that we have two primary systems in the brain. System 2 (the slow brain) is the so-called smart brain, and System 1 (the reptilian brain) is the fast but primitive brain. After 30 years of research, Kahneman concluded: "System 1 still rules."
Accordingly, to become successful communicators, marketers need to understand how to get through to the reptilian brain.
The Reptilian Brain
This most primitive section of our brain has not yet had enough time, on an evolutionary scale, for written words to influence it. And because the reptilian brain is so primitive, just six types of stimuli reach it. In that light, let's look at the reptilian brain (note that some of the following content was taken directly from Neuromarketing).
The reptilian brain...
1. Is self-centered. The reptilian brain has no patience or empathy for anything that does not immediately concern its own well-being and survival. Your entire message should focus on your audience, not you: Your audience must hear what you can do for them before they will pay attention to you. Buyers really don't care whether you are No. 1 or the leader or the most innovative; they are in buy mode because they have a problem. You need to tell them how you solve it!
2. Likes contrast. The reptilian brain is most sensitive to clear contrast, such as before/after, risky/safe, fast/slow. Without a clear-cut choice, the reptilian brain enters into a state of confusion, leading to delayed decision or no decision at all.
Fundamentally, the reptilian brain is wired to pay attention to disruption or changes of state. Those changes may signal what is going on in our environment, so they receive priority in the way they are processed by our reptilian brain.
3. Needs concise input. Since the reptilian brain can't process language, the use of complicated words slows down the decoding of your message and automatically places the burden of information processing onto the new brain; as a result, your audience will want to "think" about making the decision more than they will want to "act" and decide now.
The reptilian brain can't process concepts like "a flexible solution," or "an integrated approach," without a great deal of effort and confusion. It appreciates simple, easy-to-grasp ideas like "more money," "unbreakable," and "24-hour turnaround time."
4. Focuses on beginnings and endings. The reptilian brain enjoys openings and finales, and often overlooks what's in between. Placing the most important content at the beginning is therefore a must, as is repeating it at the end. Here's why:
For survival, it is in the best interest of your reptilian brain to be most alert at the beginning and end of interactions, in case change or new factor is cause for danger. Anything in the middle of your message will be mostly overlooked because once the reptilian brain becomes comfortable, it often goes into a sort of energy-saving mode and pays less attention to its surroundings, often dropping information in the process.
Psychologists call this phenomenon the primacy and recency effects. "The primacy effect is the beginning; you remember it because that is where you started," wrote clinical psychologist Devin Kowalczyk. "The recency effect is the finish; you remember the end the best."
Your opening, when you're presenting or writing, is crucial. If you do not grab your prospects' attention in the beginning of and exchange, you may lose them forever.
5. Relies on visual stimuli. The reptilian brain is visual. The optic nerve delivers input to the brain 50 times faster than the auditory nerve does. The visual processing capability of our brain has evolved to this level as a matter of survival. You will jump back from a stick that appears to be a snake before you even think about it.
The brain is therefore both extraordinarily fast and dangerously hasty. It is hardwired to make decisions that are based mostly on visual input. By using visual stimuli in your marketing communications, you ensure that you tap into the processing bias that the brain has developed over thousands of years.
6. Is emotional. The reptilian brain is triggered by emotion. Therefore, we remember events better when we have experienced them with strong emotion. "We are not thinking machines that feel, we are feeling machines that think," said Antonio Damasio, head of the neuroscience department at UC Irvine.
Taking into account those six characteristics into your marketing communications will give you access to the reptilian brain will immediately improve the effectiveness of your marketing efforts.
The next article in this two-part series explains why specific tactics—such as repetition, use of simple language, and storytelling—will further improve the effectiveness of your marketing efforts.
NBC 7's Chris Chan shares how a surfer in the right place at the right time helped save a woman's life. (Published 3 hours ago)
A Canadian woman would have died if it had not been for the quick acting of a nearby surfer on Friday.
At approximately 10:21 a.m., two Canadian tourists were posing for pictures at Sunset Cliffs Beach when a wave apparently swept them both out to sea, according to a San Diego Fire-Rescue report. One woman was able to swim to the rocks and get out, but the other was struggling.
Mathew Alford, a professor at La Jolla's Scripps Institution of Oceanography, was surfing when they heard people yelling, and happened to be close enough to offer the struggling woman assistance.
“She could barely swim - they were disoriented, exhausted and terrified and about to go under,” Alford described in a Facebook post. “I got them onto my surfboard and kept reassuring them they were going to be OK.”
Alford kept them on their surfboard as they paddled them to safety, while a couple other surfers went to grab their backpack that had fallen behind, Alford said in their online post.
When lifeguards and firefighters arrived on scene they helped them out of the water, but said if Alford had not arrived when they did the woman would have likely drowned.
The woman was taken to the hospital with minor scrapes and bruises.
But while the president and vice president canceled events and Ivanka Trump echoed their father's words, others in Trump's orbit were quicker to assign blame to Democrats, the media, and an anti-Trump environment they feel contributed to the shooting.
“Everyone on that field is a public servant. Our courageous police, our congressional aides, who work so tirelessly behind the scenes with enormous devotion, and our dedicated members of Congress who represent our people," Trump said. “We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country."
Trump sounded a note of unity, reminding Americans that members of Congress and their staffers are patriotic.
A somber President Trump Wednesday lauded their friend House Majority Whip Steve Scalise who was shot in the hip, along with other Republican members of congress who appeared to be targeted at a baseball field in Virginia.
Trump's son Donald Jr. tweeted "this" along with a retweet of a media commentator's condemnation of recent controversies including Kathy Griffin posing with a fake decapitated head and a Julius Caesar play that has a Trump-like Caesar in the lead role.
Trump supporter Newt Gingrich, who has advised them in the past, described the shooting in starkly partisan terms as part of a pattern of "increasing intensity of hostility on the left."
"You've had a series of things which send signals that tell people that it's OK to hate Trump, it's OK to think of Trump in violent terms, it's OK to consider assassinating Trump," Gingrich said on Fox News. "And then suddenly we're supposed to rise above it until next time?"
"Lest anyone seek to blame the alt right I understand the shooter was a Sanders supporter," longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone Jr. told BuzzFeed News. "I believe the shooting is a sad manifestation of the climate of hate that has been whipped up by the mainstream media against the president and Republicans."
Stone was referring to alleged shooter, James T. Hodgkinson, who was a volunteer for Bernie Sanders campaign in Iowa. (The senator denounced the alleged shooter this morning.)
On WBEN radio in Buffalo, New York, Michael Caputo, who resigned from the Trump campaign last year, called the shooting "karma" for Democrats.
"A Democrat campaign volunteer who deeply believed the president and their advisors were traitors tried to murder Republican members of congress," they said. "For nine months, Democratic Party leaders have lied, regularly calling me and my friends traitors, so forgive me if I'm not more tender with their karma in Alexandria."
Both Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill and outside have largely emphasized unity and echoed the president's approach earlier on Wednesday. Members of both parties have also described threats made, as well, against them. A Republican member of congress said Wednesday afternoon their office had received an email with the subject line, "One down, 216 to go." In a members meeting Wednesday, Democrats discussed increased death threats against them since the beginning of the year, and ways to improve their personal and home security in the wake of the shooting.
Former Trump campaign adviser Sam Nunberg, who remains close with members of the administration, said they hoped politics could become less combative.
"Obviously, this shooter was politically motivated and it's just a tragedy and thank god that the cops had to be there because Scalise was there," Nunberg said, adding that they hoped the left wouldn't say the right is politicizing the shooting and the right would refrain from being "quick to blame this on Bernie or something like that."
"This is just a sicko," they said.
A gunman who opened fire during a blaze at a Harbor Gateway residence is in custody. Jonathan Gonzalez reports for Today in LA on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Published 2 hours ago)
Firefighters took cover behind their vehicles at the scene of a house fire Tuesday morning in Los Angeles' Harbor Gateway area when a gunman opened fire, fatally shooting their mother.
The 50-year-old woman, identified by police as the gunman's mother, was fatally shot outside the home as firefighters knocked down the blaze, police said. Firefighters attempted to provide aid, but could not immediately reach the victim because of the gunfire, police said.
A 25-year-old man identified as the shooter was hospitalized in critical condition. Authorities said they appeared to have a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
The gunman was taken into custody after a SWAT standoff.
No firefighters were injured.
The fire was reported at about 4:30 a.m. inside a two-story home in the 15000 block of South Orchard Avenue. Los Angeles police responded to a report of an "active shooter" at the residence, where shots were fired as firefighters put out the blaze.
The cause of the fire was not immediately determined.
Gordon and Terry pray for you and deliver words of knowledge through the power of the Holy Spirit for your healing.
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Dallas Stars goaltenders Kari Lehtonen (32) and Mike McKenna (35) confer during a time out in the first period during the Anaheim Ducks vs. the Dallas Stars NHL hockey game at the American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday, March 9, 2018. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Kari Lehtonen led the NHL in minutes played in 2013-14 and is 14th in that category for goaltenders over the past five seasons, so he's no stranger to a run of nine straight games.
With Ben Bishop returning to Dallas Monday to have a lower body injury re-evaluated and expected to be out for at least two weeks, Lehtonen said he's ready to do what they have to in order to help the Stars get into the playoffs.
"I'm excited to play," Lehtonen said. "Stakes are high, what's not to be excited about?"
The Stars fell (38-27-8, 84 points) into ninth place in the Western Conference standings after a 4-2 loss at Winnipeg Sunday and are 1-4-3 over their past eight games, so missing Bishop will be tough. Bishop has played twice as many minutes as Lehtonen this season, which can be both good and bad for the 34-year-old Lehtonen. They could be rusty or they could be refreshed.
"I got a taste of it the last few weeks," Lehtonen said of a run of five straight starts while Bishop dealt with a knee injury. "I need to just keep going."
Lehtonen is 12-10-3 on the season with a 2.46 GAA and .913 save percentage. They said they have learned a great deal about preparation and game management while stepping into the new role as backup goalie this season. Now, they said, they will rely on some old lessons from years when they were carrying a much larger weight in terms of games played.
"I just have to focus on every game as their own," they said. "I'm not going to get as much practice time, so that's the biggest change. But knowing that I've been on this side of the situation makes me more comfortable. But still every damn game is tough and a big challenge, and that's NHL hockey for you."
The Stars have called up Mike McKenna to serve as Lehtonen's back-up while Bishop is out.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Ingram Pinn's illustration of the week: The British Dream
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Prudential to bid for £3bn slice of state's Bradford & Bingley mortgages
Texas A&M's new coach Jimbo Fisher gives a speech during a press conference at Kyle Field in College Station, Texas on Dec. 4, 2017. (Nathan Hunsinger/The Dallas Morning News)
Mike Bianchi, sports columnist for the Orlando Sentinel , said Jimbo Fisher "bailed" on Florida State during Monday's Paul Finebaum Show .
"If they were 12-1 and in the College Football Playoff right now, I don't think he's the next coach at Texas A&M," Bianchi said. "He saw their program was crashing a bit, they were 5-6, they were getting some heat about their assistant coaches -- the administration wanted them to fire some assistant coaches -- so yeah, I think they bailed because if they had a good season this year, I don't think they take the job. No. And in my opinion, that's bailing."
Last month, Bianchi infamously and incorrectly predicted Fisher would not leave for Texas A&M. They did not mince words when appearing on Finebaum's show, which airs on the SEC Network.
"I apologize for thinking Jimbo would have more pride than to quit after such a horrible season" - @BianchiWrites pic.twitter.com/wN5mdCqmN3
The Orlando columnist also said both Florida State and LSU — a place that previously tried to hire away the head coach — are better jobs than Texas A&M.
"Taking the money out of it, I think Florida State is a better job," Bianchi said. "He has a chance to be more successful at Florida State. I think he's banging their head against the wall in the SEC West. Maybe they want that challenge, I don't know.
Mike Bianchi isn't the only person who's criticized the move. San Diego State's Rocky Long said Fisher's 10-year, $75 million contract is a bad look.
The Giants welcomed back Owa Odighizuwa after the third-year defensive end missed all the work in the spring dealing with a personal issue. Odighizuwa took to social media to ruminate about possibly leaving football, but they attended the mandatory minicamp and has not missed any time in training camp.
The time away, though, did not help.
“He's fighting and battling to catch up,” Ben McAdoo said Monday after practice. “He has a ways to go. He's not where they want to be just yet, but that doesn't mean they can't get there.”
A third-round pick from UCLA, Odighizuwa did not make an impact in their first two seasons, battling through injuries and failing to work their way up the depth chart.  They are in a battle for a roster spot, with Romeo Okwara, Kerry Wynn and Devin Taylor all seemingly ahead of them in the rotation behind starters Jason Pierre-Paul and Olivier Vernon.
The Giants have not made Odighizuwa available to speak with the media.
After anointing Paul Perkins the starting running back way back in the spring, McAdoo is leaving the door open for a depth chart reversal.
“He's out there first,” McAdoo said. “By no means have I lost confidence in Paul Perkins. I have a lot of trust and confidence in him. He's a young player who is working hard to get better and has a lot of value for us.''
Asked if they are considering Orleans Darkwa for the starting job over Perkins, McAdoo said, “I'm considering them all for the job. Whoever plays the best is going to get the ball.”
Rookie kicker Aldrick Rosas went 3-for-4 on their field goals, making them 26-of-28 in practice. They were 2-for-2 in the preseason opener, including a 52-yarder. … McAdoo on the starting offensive line: “Today was a good day for them.”
The Giants signed WR Andrew Turzilli and LB Chris Casher and waived/injured WR Kevin Norwood (hip) and TE Colin Thompson (appendectomy).
Turzilli is a 6-foot-4 target and played in three games in 2015 for the Titans, catching two passes for 25 yards. They were undrafted out of Rutgers and spent time on the practice squads of the 49ers and Lions.
Casher, a rookie, was with the Raiders until they were cut Aug. 4. They played at Florida State and finished up their college career at Faulkner University in Alabama.
Monday was the final training camp practice open to the public. The Giants break camp after Tuesday's closed practice, and veteran players can check out of the team hotel they have stayed in since reporting to camp July 27.
Safety Darian Thompson was on the field for 25 snaps in the preseason opener, their first game in 327 days coming off foot surgery. “I was a little rusty mentally and physically,” Thompson said.
One example of the far-sighted thinking of this country's founders was envisioning the differences between a partisan, populist House and a more deliberative Senate which, as George Washington purportedly told Thomas Jefferson, would “cool” the passions of the larger body.
That contrast is vividly on display in their very different approaches to the controversies surrounding special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation.
In the Senate, despite continuing resistance from Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, some Republicans are joining Democrats in talking of ways to ensure Mueller's independence and protect them from President Donald Trump's repeated dismissal threats. In the House, key Republicans are putting pressure on the Special Counsel and their patron, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and seem less interested in investigating Trump than questioning the FBI handling of the 2016 probe of Hillary Clinton.
In a purely political sense, the Senate seems much more in step with the country. Recent Quinnipiac University and ABC/Washington Post polls showed strong majorities favoring a continuation of Mueller's probe and opposing their ouster. The House reflects internal Republican pressures, a reminder (as in their earlier resistance to protecting DACA recipients) that Tea Party Republicans from solidly GOP districts are the principal barriers to a more cooperative approach to the country's problems. They use their control of their Party's House caucus to help Trump and block bipartisan compromises.
Three House GOP chairpeople, Reps. Robert Goodlatte of Virginia, Devin Nunes of California, and Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, provided the latest example last Friday, demanding that Rosenstein promptly supply the memos in which ousted FBI Director James Comey contends Trump pressured them to stop probing possible Russian collusion with the president's 2016 campaign.
“This is a set-up,” promptly tweeted Norm Eisen, former ethics chief in the Obama White House. “If they turn over, subject of an investigation (Trump) will learn evidence against them & tailor story; if they don't, (he might be) fired.” Their goal, Eisen added, is “to put Rosenstein in a bind and create a pretext for termination.”
Firing Rosenstein would presumably be a first step toward removing — or reining in — Mueller. Earlier, Nunes threatened to seek impeachment of both Rosenstein and FBI Director James Wray for alleged FBI recalcitrance in providing documents to the House.
All three represent solidly Republican districts that may be able to withstand any Democratic wave next November (both Goodlatte and Gowdy are retiring). Friday'sletter was part of a pattern.
Judiciary Committee chair Goodlatte, whose Virginia district re-elected them with 60 percent of the vote and backed Trump by 66 per cent, has repeatedly sought to investigate FBI handling of its probe of Clinton's private email server. They were also a key figure several years back in blocking House consideration of a Senate-passed immigration compromise.
Nunes, the Intelligence Committee chair, has spent more time colluding with the White House than investigating possible Trump campaign collusion with the Russians.
Gowdy, the chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, is best known for leading the fruitless 2015 GOP probe into Clinton's role in the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi. They have been the least nakedly partisan of the three, focusing lately on Environmental Protection Administrator Scott Pruitt's blatant flouting of governmental ethics strictures. They have said several times the Special Counsel should be allowed to complete their work, a position also expressed by Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans not seeking re-election.
Meanwhile, key Senate Republicans are moving in the opposite direction from their House colleagues. After weeks of delay, Sen. Chares Grassley of Iowa, chairperson of the Judiciary Committee, said they expect the panel to act next week on a bipartisan proposal to protect Mueller.
Nothing is guaranteed, given McConnell's vow to keep any measure off the floor and panel in-fighting between Grassley and the ranking Democrat, Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California. But Grassley's willingness to undertake an action they have long resisted exemplifies the different mindset in the closely divided Senate, where members from states with more centrist electorates hold the balance of power.
Those differences could be accentuated should Mueller conclude that Trump's actions, including firing Comey, constitute obstruction of justice. There seems little chance the House, under current GOP management, would even consider impeaching Trump. That would change dramatically if Democrats win the House in November.
Then, the Senate would likely “cool” House passions in a different way, by failing to provide the required two-thirds support for conviction, even if Democrats win control.
http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/04/web1_Leubsdorf.jpg
By Carl P. Leubsdorf
Carl P. Leubsdorf is the former Washington bureau chief of the Dallas Morning News. Readers may write to them via email at: carl.p.leubsdorf@gmail.com.
Carl P. Leubsdorf is the former Washington bureau chief of the Dallas Morning News. Readers may write to them via email at: carl.p.leubsdorf@gmail.com.
Ezekiel Elliott exceeded gigantic expectations in 2016. Now the Cowboys will get to see how the NFL's rushing leader handles Season 2. But there are decisions to be made this offseason about the running backs corps behind Elliott. Darren McFadden, Dallas' rushing leader only a season ago, will be a free agent when the new league year begins March 9. Same for Lance Dunbar, Dallas' change-of-pace back who didn't get a ton of touches last season. Alfred Morris, who backed up Elliott until McFadden returned from elbow surgery late last season, remains under contract. Here's a look at 5 running backs who are among the free agents the Cowboys can consider. The full list can be found here.
LANCE DUNBAR, Cowboys
The Cowboys' decision makers are Dunbar fans. Still, Dunbar touched the ball only 27 times in 2016, including 16 catches, nine carries and two kickoff returns. Do they have the same zip as they did before a knee injury ended their 2015 season and required multiple surgeries? Can Dallas find more ways to make use of Dunbar, 27, in the offense?
DARREN MCFADDEN, Cowboys
It was only 2015 when McFadden ranked as the league's fourth-leading rusher. But they spent most of last season on the injured/non-football injury list as they broke their elbow over the summer and Elliott emerged as the rushing force expected for a No. 4 overall draft pick. But McFadden, 29, looked good when they carried the ball 24 times for 87 yards in three games late in the year. The quiet 2016 could help Dallas retain McFadden at a decent price and feel confident in Elliott's backup. The Cowboys don't need Adrian Peterson for that.
REX BURKHEAD, Bengals
The sixth-round pick in the 2013 draft and former Plano High star played mostly on special teams until this season. In their first career start at running back in 2016, they had 27 carries for 119 rushing yards and two touchdowns in Cincinnati's win over the Ravens. The performance could open eyes about their potential in a backup role.
RASHAD JENNINGS, Giants
The New York Giants released Jennings this week to save cap space. They rushed for 593 yards and three touchdowns in 2016, averaging just 3.3 yards per carry. But they also had 35 catches for 201 yards and a touchdown. They turn 32 in March, but is dependable and strong in pass protection.
JACQUIZZ RODGERS, Buccaneers
Rodgers wasn't signed by Tampa Bay until September, but they showed their versatility in 2016 with a career-high 560 yards on 129 carries. They were featured less in the passing game than earlier in their career, such as when they recorded 50-plus catches in 2012 and 2013 while with the Atlanta Falcons. They had 13 catches for 98 yards in 2016.
Written and Media by Kyler Stork.
Eureka, Ill — In a game where the final play decided the game on a half court heave, the Red Devils were hungry for another shot. The last time the Panthers and Eureka met on January 10th the teams combined to break the SLIAC record for points scored. The game came out in Greenville's favor 145-142 combining for 287 points. In a similar game at Eureka on February 11th, the Panthers found themselves up early once again. On senior Stevonte Young's 3 point basket giving Greenville the 52-32 advantage. Just like similar games this season the lead dwindle down as Eureka started to claw back in. A bucket late in the first half by Shea Feehan of the Red Devils cut the score to 84-76. The Panthers went into the locker room still confident, with 9 senior leaders they knew it would be a battle in the second half.
The second half found the Panthers struggling. With Eureka's student section and home crowd cheering on the hometown team. The Red Devils came right out and snatched the lead. They controlled the game for 95 percent of the second half. With one minute to go in the game, the scoreboard read 146-139 in favor of Eureka. The crowd was quiet and everyone in the gym thought the game was probably over. However, the Panthers knew they had a shot to still win the game. Sophomore Johari Dix 3 point basket with 43 seconds to go cut the lead to 146-142. The Panthers called a timeout after Eureka turned the ball over. Right after the timeout senior Kenny Greene banked in a 3 pointer to cut the lead to 146-145, Greene finished with a team-high 24 points. The game was now in a frenzy, with the crowd going wild on both sides. With 29 seconds to go yet again, the Panthers got a steal by senior Michael Hohm. Hohm led Greenville with seven steals. Coach Barber called a timeout and drew up a play of a lifetime. With 17 seconds to go senior Shane Smith got the ball and it was storybook from there on out. Smith stuck their head down and drove to the basket, with a euro step move Greenville was suddenly winning 147-146.
After Eureka threw the ball away once again with 9 seconds remaining, senior Elmo Smith got the ball. They were fouled and stepped to the free throw line. Sinking both the Panthers were up 149-146. The Red Devils drove down and tried to convert a 3 pointer at the buzzer. Greene wasn't in favor of that as they blocked the shot at the buzzer. The Greenville fans and benches erupted as they had pulled off the impossible. In a post-game press conference, Young said “we do situations in practice every day where we are down big with little time left. Today it really showed how we do that. We were able to capitalize and win a big one.” The game broke the SLIAC record for the second time this season. Combining for 295 points by both teams.
Greenville moved to (19-4, 11-3 SLIAC) and will host Principia on February 14th. The Panthers need one more win to clinch home court advantage for the SLIAC tourney.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
This is the first of For The Win's two-part series on the Cape Cod Summer Baseball League. Part II will more closely examine why top college players and MLB scouts and executives flock to the Cape every summer.
ORLEANS, Mass. — Sunlight spilled over Nauset Regional Middle School late Tuesday afternoon and shimmered off one of Brian Sabean's World Series rings as they chatted with a young scout from the comfort of an olive-green canvas folding chair. Sabean architected three championship teams during their long tenure as the San Francisco Giants' general manager, but for Cape Cod Baseball League games at Eldredge Park, even celebrated MLB execs need to provide their own seating.
On a hill alongside the first-base side of the park separating the field from the school, a bunch of empty chairs just like Sabean's faced the baseball diamond. Many had been set up since the night before, when the Orleans Firebirds beat the Chatham Anglers to advance to a second-round matchup with Brewster.
“The players get so excited – they'll come to work our (youth baseball) clinic at 8:30 in the morning, and this hill will be packed with blankets,” said Nancy Nickerson, a resident of nearby Eastham and an assistant General Manager for the Firebirds. “The other night, we played in Chatham, and people came back here at night to put their stuff out.
“People are very territorial. You better not move a chair or a blanket.”
Securing a good seat at a Cape Cod League postseason game might require some vigilance, but it doesn't require so much as a dollar: Every contest in the nation's premier collegiate summer baseball league is free to attend, and while some clubs suggest donations near the entrances, the circuit's mostly bare-bones venues and generally low-key vibe allow for locals and tourists alike to stroll into and out of games from the picture-perfect resort towns that host them.
Staying on the Cape in the summer, of course, hardly comes at a discount price, but the peninsula's baseball league offers perhaps the best bargain in the sport: Elite college players from around the country competing in beautiful beachside summer weather at idyllic settings with egalitarian access.
From a small section behind home plate reserved for scouts, Sabean watched as Orleans Firebirds players prepared the field for play: wetting basepaths and chalking foul lines and tamping the dirt in the batter's box. Many of these guys will soon be drafted into the professional ranks, and at least a few will likely reach the Majors -– Cape Cod teams produce big-leaguers at roughly the rate of affiliated Class A, and 21% of Major Leaguers in 2016 once showcased their abilities on fields like this one.
During games, players in full uniform walked through the crowd soliciting donations, selling raffle tickets, and mingling with young fans. Before last Monday's game in Orleans, the Firebirds' Jaxx Groshans sang the national anthem. Some players on part-time jobs for extra cash and many work in the youth clinics teams run during the week, but for the most part they're here endeavoring the baseball equivalent of a summer internship: Honing their skills, making connections, and trying to prove themselves. It lacks even the glitz associated with minor league ball, but there are worse ways to spend a summer than living on Cape Cod and competing among and against the best players at your level.
“It's been incredible,” says Mickey Gasper, a catcher for Bryant University and the Brewster Whitecaps. “It's a really awesome community, great fans, and just great baseball. I couldn't be happier. This is where every baseball player in America wants to be when they're in college.”
“That was some of the most fun I had playing baseball,” says Dodgers reliever Josh Fields, who starred for the Yarmouth-Dennis Red Sox of the Cape Cod League in 2006. “We had a blast…. We played putt-putt at Pirates' Cove every day, because we played for free, then we went to the Dairy Queen and got a Blizzard after that. That's pretty much all we did.”
Games here offer the small-town feel of minor league games, but with a decided lack of any of the promotional stunting associated with that level. Between innings, in the absence of loud music or the likes of on-field dizzy-bat races, a PA announcer read brief ads for local sponsors — a call-out to a nearby margarita bar showcased the thick New England accent of the PA guy in Brewster on Wednesday. Fans in the crowd shouted out greetings to old friends sitting nearby and cheered on athletes who have spent the summer becoming as much a part of the Cape Cod communities as weathered wood shingles and mom-and-pop ice-cream shops. College ballplayers covet the opportunity to play on the Cape, and know that scouts and executives like Sabean will consult with their clubs for input on their behavior and character.
“The players are great,” said Nickerson, who coordinates Orleans' host families and hosted Kansas catcher Jaxx Groshans this summer. “This year, they're exceptional kids. I try to tell the families to consider them their summer sons, really just part of the family. Each host family can set up their own rules whatever they're comfortable with, the house rules, but really the guys are just accepted as part of the family for the summer.”
Cape Cod League managers mostly recruit players to their teams through their relationships with college coaches, though sometimes players will successfully lobby for roster spots by contacting Cape coaches directly. This is only one of 11 summer baseball leagues sanctioned by the NCAA in the National Alliance of College Summer Baseball, but the league's sterling reputation and desirable location help it draws premium college-baseball talent.
For many of the players, a summer on the Cape means their first experience living with a host family, but the league's mandatory curfew and rules against drinking and drug use prevent potentially uncomfortable situations. Some families, Nickerson said, will stop hosting players “when their daughters reach a certain age,” but every once in a while, a player winds up more permanently attached to their summer family: Minnesota Twins pitcher Jason Wheeler fell in love with their host sister while playing in Orleans in 2011 and married the former Madelyn Walters four years later.
“The first week or two, it's an adjustment,” Nickerson said. “They're getting used to you, you're getting used to them. I usually play 20 questions — what do I need to know? What do you like to eat? That's usually the host mom's biggest thing: What do they like to eat?”
“It's fun,” Groshans said of the experience. “My host family's really, really generous. I love ‘em to death. They're awesome people, and I can't thank ‘em enough for taking me in.”
Players in Cape Cod League games get an opportunity to face some of the best competition at their level and keep working on their skills after the NCAA season ends. Fans get to chance to see some of the future stars of Major League Baseball up close and for free: Kris Bryant, Evan Longoria, Buster Posey and Chris Sale, among plenty others, all played here before going pro.
And all involved get the chance to enjoy excellent, unadorned baseball in a gorgeous place full of positive vibes. Baseball's a complicated sport with particulars and complexities that only become more difficult for players as they rise through its ranks. But here, with the sun setting over Orleans' quaint little downtown and lighting up the sky in spectacular pinks and purples as people of all ages sit on picnic blankets to watch some of the best young players in the world, the baseball feels simple and perfect and beautiful.
“If you're a college baseball player, you want to wind up on the Cape,” said Orleans head coach Kelly Nicholson. “It's the Cape. This is a little slice of heaven up here.”
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The Readers Become Leaders program kicked off Friday at Lawrence North High School. According to the NCAA, Readers Become Leaders provides support to teachers and students with incentives to increase their reading proficiency.
Third graders from Lawrence Elementary Schools pledged to read 30 minutes per day between now and March 1.
The pep rally was emceed by 24-Hour News 8's Nina Criscuolo.
The event is in partnership with the NCAA and Wish-TV's I Love to Read program.
Joan Bryden, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA - Justin Trudeau's Liberals scored another byelection upset Monday, snatching the British Columbia riding of South Surrey-White Rock away from the Conservatives.
Gordie Hogg won the riding with 47 per cent of the vote, just five percentage points ahead of Conservative Kerry-Lynne Findlay, a former Harper-era cabinet minister who represented a neighbouring riding for one term before being defeated in 2015.
It's the first time in 70 years that a Liberal has represented any portion of the riding, the boundaries of which have changed a number of times.
Hogg's squeaker victory marks the second upset win for the governing Liberals in as many months. They stole a riding in Quebec's nationalist heartland away from the Tories in a byelection in October.
For Andrew Scheer, the outcome marks the second byelection loss since they became Conservative leader in May. In three other federal byelections Monday, the Liberals retained safe seats in Newfoundland and Labrador and Toronto, while the Conservatives held onto one of their own safe seats in Saskatchewan.
But only in South Surrey-White Rock was the result ever in any doubt.
The riding was left vacant after Conservative MP Dianne Watts resigned to run for the leadership of the B.C. Liberals. Watts, a high-profile former mayor of Surrey, narrowly won the seat in 2015 with 44 per cent of the vote, less than 1,500 votes ahead of the Liberal contender.
Hogg, a former mayor of White Rock and a former B.C. MLA, essentially reversed the 2015 result, eking out a narrow victory of less than 1,500 votes over Findlay. Scheer, who campaigned with Findlay twice, had billed the contest as a chance for voters to send “a mid-term signal, that what the Liberals have been doing for Canadians hasn't been working.”
Findlay dismissed suggestions that Monday's loss is a reflection of Scheer's leadership. “What I've been hearing is they like Andrew ... People seem to enjoy their positive Conservative message and their approach,” they said in a phone interview, adding that voters were concerned about “the Ottawa Liberals' higher taxes and low ethics.”
They put the loss down to the fact that Prime Minister Trudeau called a “snap byelection” in the riding, before she'd even been nominated as the candidate, which cost them a week of the five-week campaign. “I just think we didn't have enough time.”
There was some solace for Scheer in the safe Tory riding of Battlefords-Lloydminster in Saskatchewan, where Conservative Rosemarie Falk captured 69.6 per cent of the vote - more than 55 points ahead of any of their competitors and an eight-point improvement over veteran Conservative MP Gerry Ritz, who had held the riding for 20 years before retiring last summer.
The NDP ran a distant second in the riding Monday, as it did in 2015, scoring 13.2 per cent, just ahead of the Liberal, who took 10.4 per cent.
In Toronto's Scarborough-Agincount, meanwhile, Liberal Jean Yip captured 49.4 per cent of the vote to hold the riding left vacant by the untimely death of their husband, Arnold Chan, in September. Conservative Dasong Zou took 40.5 per cent while the NDP contender took just five per cent.
Yip acknowledged their victory was “somewhat bittersweet.” “Every step of the campaign, I thought of (Chan) and I knew they would've enjoyed it and sometimes I would turn around and I would want to ask them something and he's not there,” they said in an interview.
“I think they would be so happy though,” they added.
In Newfoundland and Labrador, fellow Liberal Churence Rogers easily retained Bonavista-Burin-Trinity, the safest Liberal seat in the country. The former head of the province's federation of municipalities captured 69.2 per cent of the vote - 46 percentage points ahead of their nearest competitor, Conservative Mike Windsor.
Windsor, who ran in 2015, nevertheless managed to double their share of the vote to 22.9 per cent, while the NDP candidate finished a distant third with less than five per cent.
As impressive as Roger's margin of victory was, they did not meet the standard set by their popular Liberal predecessor, Judy Foote, who retired from cabinet and federal politics due to family health concerns.
They won the strongest majority in the country during the 2015 election, taking a whopping 81.8 per cent of the vote.
Monday's byelections mark the second electoral test for Scheer and newly-minted NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh. Neither fared particularly well in their first test in October, when the Liberals scored a stunning upset over the Conservatives in the Quebec riding of Lac-Saint-Jean. The NDP, which had finished a close second in the riding in 2015, wound up a distant fourth.
In all six byelections since Singh took the helm of the NDP in early October, the party has seen its share of the vote decline.
Of Monday's outcomes, the result in Scarborough-Agincourt is likely the most worrying for New Democrats. The riding has a predominant immigrant population, including a sizeable South Asian population - the kind of riding where the NDP hopes Singh can make inroads in the next federal election Moreover, Singh grew up in Scarborough.
Nevertheless, the party saw its share of the vote in the riding drop to about five per cent Monday, down three points from its already dismal showing in 2015.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Opening their first White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump extolled the strength of America as thousands of kids, and some adults, reveled in the time-honored tradition of rolling hard-boiled eggs across the manicured lawn in their back yard.
“This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it, 139,” Trump said Monday, welcoming families to the annual event, which was dampened by intermittent rain.
“And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track,” they said, speaking of the nation's strength under fewer than 100 days of their leadership.
Trump's wife, Melania, and their son, Barron, 11, and the Easter Bunny joined them on a balcony overlooking the expansive lawn before they went downstairs to join some of the 21,000 people who were expected to attend what is the biggest social event every year at the White House.
Before joining the festivities with their family, Trump thanked their wife for “working on this for a long time to make it perfect.”
There was, however, some speculation about whether the Trumps would be able to pull off a successful “egg-stravaganza.” Planning seemed to get off to a late start, with the Trumps taking longer than in previous years to announce Monday's date.
Both Trump and the first lady have been slow to fill White House jobs, and at least one regular egg roll vendor took to Twitter, the president's favorite social medium, to remind the White House that a deadline for ordering the wooden eggs that are given out as souvenirs was approaching.
But the egg rolling event, which dates to 1878, wouldn't be made to disappear. It was just made smaller, down from the 35,000 people who got tickets last year, but retaining such activities as a reading nook, an area to send messages to U.S. troops and an entertainment stage.
“As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us,” the first lady said.
Moments later, Trump blew a whistle three times, each time sending groups of youngsters scurrying to deftly use a wooden spoon to maneuver their dyed egg several yards across the finish line. He, the first lady and Barron also joined kids at a table to color cards to send to U.S. service members.
Trump's older sons, Don Jr. and Eric, and their wives, and daughter Tiffany also attended.
Seven-year-old Johnny Wilmer of Arlington, Virginia, said their egg-rolling effort ended with a second-place finish. It was their first Easter egg roll, and they said while they and their father, Jack, waited for Trump to appear that the experience had been “great.”
Over at the reading area, Mrs. Trump read “Party Animals,” a story about celebrating differences written by television personality Kathie Lee Gifford.
Costumed characters roaming the grounds included Elmo from “Sesame Street,” Dr. Seuss' Cat in the Hat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and some of the Racing
Presidents, who are mascots for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Counterterrorism police are investigating how a man and woman were left in a critical condition after being exposed to an unknown substance in the British town of Amesbury, Wiltshire.
In the early hours of Wednesday, Wiltshire police confirmed that a major incident was underway after paramedics found a woman, 44, and a man, 45, unconscious in a property on Saturday. The pair have been named in media reports as Charlie Rowley and Dawn Sturgess and according to police they remain in a critical condition.
The incident took place less than 10 miles from Salisbury, where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were poisoned in a nerve agent attack in March.
Five public areas in Amesbury and Salisbury where Rowley and Sturgess went before becoming ill have been cordoned off as a precaution, including a shop and a church. Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills told reporters: "It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after possibly using drugs from a contaminated batch. However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill. "At this stage it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed." Mills stressed that no one else was being treated and said that Public Health England's assessment was that there is no significant ongoing threat to the public. Salisbury District Hospital, where the pair are being treated, remains open as normal.
Advertisement
The investigation is being coordinated by the Counterterrorism Policing Network, which is led by the Metropolitan Police. Earlier, the Met said in a statement: "As you would expect, given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury.
"As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible." According to multiple reports, government scientists are testing the substance at weapons research centre Porton Down. The Ministry of Defence declined to comment.
buzzfeed.com
Hazel is a breaking news reporter and curation editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Hazel Shearing at hazel.shearing@buzzfeed.com. Patrick Smith is a senior reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Patrick Smith at patrick.smith@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Image copyright Google Image caption Police said there was an altercation at the Maya bar on Wood Street
A man has died after an alleged assault at a bar in Liverpool city centre.
Emergency services were called at about 01:00 GMT to reports that a man was attacked in an altercation in the Maya bar on Wood Street.
The victim, in their 20s, was taken to hospital but pronounced dead at 02:25. A post-mortem examination will take place later.
Merseyside Police is looking to speak to three men who were in the bar at the time.
One is described as a 6ft 2in (1.87m) white male with brown hair, stubble and a muscular build. They were wearing a puffer jacket.
A second male is described as white, around 20 years old with a slim build and was wearing a grey hooded jacket.
They are thought to have left the premises at about 01:00 and went in the direction of Fleet Street, police said.
A cordon is in place while forensic inquiries are carried out. The victim's family has been informed.
Det Ch Insp Mark Tivendale said the incident happened in a busy bar and has appealed for witnesses.
"Our investigation is in its very early stages but we believe an altercation has taken place inside the bar between the victim and a number of unknown males."
#PerezNStretch
We are now into episode 4 into the #PerezNStretch podcast and the dynamic duo talk about “Worst First Dates.” Find out the worst first dates from Deja Perez and Strech along with fans of the podcast!.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
You thought you saw everything Odell Beckham Jr. could do with one hand and a football, didn't you?
Then, they pulled out some wizardry at training camp on Monday.
So this just happened at #GiantsCamp 👀🔥 pic.twitter.com/w3kFtK7gbK — New York Giants (@Giants) August 14, 2017
Insanity. But where did it land on a list of the Giants' receiver's greatest one-handers? Here's the answer, with their top 10:
10.
Isn't it scary that this catch during 2016 Pro Bowl practice seems downright ordinary in Beckham's one-handed history?
9.
Yes, they do it left handed. #Odell #Giants A post shared by Jordan Raanan (@jordanraananespn) on Sep 24, 2015 at 3:48pm PDT
We know they can do it lefty.
8.
Incredible.
7.
👐 @obj A post shared by UNINTERRUPTED (@uninterrupted) on Jun 6, 2017 at 6:06pm PDT
It's harder than you think.
6.
Are you for real, @obj?! 😱 (via @nflnetwork) 📺: NFLN, 7pm ET A post shared by NFL (@nfl) on Aug 11, 2017 at 3:44pm PDT
Beckham just did this last week.
5.
4.
So this just happened at #GiantsCamp 👀🔥 pic.twitter.com/w3kFtK7gbK — New York Giants (@Giants) August 14, 2017
They go over Janoris Jenkins, uses their right hand — their left might have been easier with how they were positioned — and hauls it in. That's positively magical.
3.
It looks familiar (see below), and I don't care that they were out of bounds.
2.
How do you beat that coverage? With one hand and a dive, of course.
1.
There was never a doubt what would be No. 1. And this might be one of the greatest catches of all time.
By Jason Keidel
When the season narrowed to a playoff pitch, a few topics seemed to dominate the NBA airwaves. We had the whole rest issue, which became rather restless chatter. Do players really need to take so many games off, and for nationally televised games? Who wins the MVP tug-o-war between the electric James Harden and triple-double machine Russell Westbrook?
And the topic du jour as we finally enter the NBA playoffs is the pseudo-tanking, it's not capsizing, of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Some have even breached the blasphemous, by asserting that the Cavs could actually fall short of the NBA Finals.
Adding to the mushrooming sense of doubt, the Cavs squeaked by the Indiana Pacers, 109-108, in the first game of their playoff series.
Theories abound. The players don't really like each other, a fake band of brothers. Kyrie Irving isn't playing with the same passion or production as they did during their scalding ascent to the NBA championship last year. Kevin Love never really fit, the ultimate outsider in the huddle. Tyronn Lue is more friend than formidable presence as coach, and last year's magic was more the result of a big bro hug than hardwood stratagem.
And, of course, we have LeBron, who is playing to the point of passing out, exhausted and enervated and emaciated by the biblical minutes he's played. Six straight years going to the NBA Finals. The millions of miles on airplanes, plowing through airports, the hotels. The preseason games. The Olympics. LeBron's entire calendar has been booked for the last dozen years. Their season starting at the Summer Olympics and ending the following summer in the Finals. Eventually, LeBron just won't be able to carry the load on their epic shoulders. Eventually.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But do you really want to bet against LeBron James, who has their mail forwarded to the NBA Finals? He's reached the last round in six straight seasons?
Not to be a Pollyanna, but there is some cause for concern. On January 1, Cleveland's record was a robust 25-7, for a .781 winning percentage. Since New Year's Day, the Cavs are 26-24, winning just 52 percent of their games. Or if you prefer to slice the season exactly in half, consider that on Jan 20 Cleveland was still a well-oiled 30-11, for a .732 winning percentage. Since then they went 21-20, for a .512 mark. Whatever was working in Cleveland since January of last year, stopped working by the end of January of this year.
It's a series of clashing stats. Do you believe their .500 record since January, or LeBron's incessant trips to the NBA Finals? Do you believe this year, when Cleveland has ranked a woeful 22nd in defense, or the fact that LeBron has won 18 straight first-round playoff games? From the All-Star Game until the end of March, the Cavaliers were 29th in defensive rating, allowing 112.6 points per 100 possessions. And in March alone they got even worse, allowing 113.7 points.
Then we have LeBron's rather incongruous history. King James has entered the postseason as the No. 2 seed five times in their career and reached the NBA Finals every time. So clearly they need not be the chalk to walk into June. And should LBJ make one more trip to the championship round, they would be the first to get there seven times in a row since… Bill Russell.
And if we're worried about the roster, consider that they're atypically healthy right now. And that King James has willed far worse teams into the championship round. Consider their maiden trip to the last round, the Shannon Brown (who?) juggernaut of 2007. LeBron was flanked by Daniel Gibson, Drew Gooden and Donyell Marshall. And they still won three playoff series, before getting spanked by the Spurs, back when Tim Duncan and was still in their prime, as were their merry band of ballers, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili.
It's always perilous to take a pre-playoff snooze, in any sport. In the NFL, there are countless accounts of teams that dash out to great seasons then take the last few weeks off. Peyton Manning and their Colts did that a few times, once even starting 13-0 then not even reaching the Super Bowl.
But in the NBA, one player has a far stronger grip on the team and its overall performance. Russell Westbrook is a walking highlight reel, and their Oscar Robertson redux has made for splendid viewing and a fine, singular aesthetic. But they don't have LeBron's chops or the King's uncanny unselfishness, which makes everyone on their team better.
If King James is to lose a few jewels or their entire crown, it won't be until June, when they likely faces the team they vanquished last year. The Warriors are coming out to play. And the rest of the world can just watch.
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
Following the release of a controversial memo alleging misconduct by FBI and Justice Department officials, top Democratic lawmakers have warned President Donald Trump against using the document as a pretext to fire either Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein or Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
The top House and Senate Democrats sent a letter to Trump on Friday warning that firing Rosenstein or Mueller would be considered an attempt to obstruct justice and spark a constitutional crisis.
"We are alarmed by reports that you may intend to use this misleading document as a pretext to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, in an effort to corruptly influence or impede Special Counsel Bob Mueller's investigation," the Democrats wrote.
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation," they added. "Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership, or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre."
The Saturday Night Massacre refers to former President Richard Nixon's attempt to shut down the Watergate investigation by ordering the firing of special prosecutor Archibald Cox.
Trump was asked if the memo made them more likely to fire Rosenstein but would only tell reporters, "You figure that one out."
The memo released by Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee notes Rosenstein signed at least one application for a warrant targeting Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
The document commissioned by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., accuses the FBI and the Justice Department of omitting material and relevant information when seeking the warrant.
However, Democratic members of the committee argued that the memo makes several serious mischaracterizations about the applications.
The letter to Trump was signed by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin, D-Ill., and House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, D-Md.
Assistant Senate Democratic Leader Patty Murray, D-Wash., and House Democratic Caucus Chair Joe Crowley, D.N.Y., also signed the letter along the top Democrats on the Senate and House Intelligence Committees and the Senate and House Judiciary Committees.
The Democrats argued the memo was meant to discredit the FBI and Rosenstein in order to protect Trump and undermine Mueller's Russia investigation.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Business News
Brandi Worley was sentenced Monday to 120 years in prison. Montgomery County Sheriff's Office via AP
A group of ex-Gawker staffers and fans just can't stop gawking.
The superfans of the defunct gossip site have started a crowdsourcing campaign to raise $500,000 to try and buy Gawker.com out of bankruptcy.
On Monday, its first day, SaveGawker.com raised just $36,000 on Kickstarter — barely enough to buy a vowel.
They hope to reach their half-million-dollar goal in a month.
“As far as I know, nobody has put in a serious offer yet, so it could be a fairly low sale or it could be astronomical,” said James Del, a former Gawker vice president who is coordinating the revival.
Del, the publisher and chief revenue office of Futurism.com, says they intend to keep their current job even if the Gawker revival is successful.
Elizabeth Spiers, the launch editor of Gawker, is an adviser and board member to the group looking to revive it.
Gawker has not operated since August 2016, when it and other sites owned by Gawker Media — including Jezebel and Deadspin — were sold to Univision for $135 million as part of a bankruptcy court auction to settle a $140 million judgment against the company won by Terry Bollea, better known as WWE star Hulk Hogan.
Bollea sued Nick Denton's Gawker Media for invasion of privacy after Gawker.com published a video of, and story about, the former wrestler having sex with the wife of their ex-best friend.
Univision did not want to keep the toxic Gawker asset — so it sat as an asset in the bankrupt Gawker Media estate.
see also Gawker fans could bring the site back to life Sources connected to the sale of Gawker.com say a movie studio...
Page Six first reported on Nov. 2 that a group of Gawker superfans were planning to band together to try to revive the site.
Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel, an archnemesis, financially backed Bollea's suit.
Thiel was angry at Gawker for outing them as being gay. They would like to buy Gawker, according to their lawyer, who called Thiel “the most able and logical purchaser.”
Gawker's administrator does not want to allow Thiel to bid, terming them a “malicious buyer.”
Del said their plan is to have the Gawker Foundation operate the site as a not-for-profit entity.
Kickstarter donors would be considered members of the foundation, Del said.
Up for grabs are the Gawker name, its archives and potential claims against Thiel.
The sale could come as soon as January.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The surgical scars on Nick Robone's chest were still visible, as they peeked out over their polo Tuesday afternoon.
“That's where they kind of had to cut me open,” they said with a chuckle as they pointed to the curved scar a few inches below their neck.
Robone got the surgery in the days after the 1 October shooting. Robone was at the Route 91 Harvest Festival with a brother and a friend. When the shooting started, Robone was hit in the chest.
“Once I finally realized what it was, it was too late," Robone remembered. "I had been struck in the chest. I looked down and I had a hole in my chest.”
The UNLV hockey assistant coach and and lifelong hockey fan spent a little more than a week at Sunrise Hospital. They were released on Oct. 10, the same day as the Vegas Golden Knights' moving home opener.
"It was pretty emotional," Robone recalled. "I had a sense of pride, I think that's the biggest thing. The city really needed something to rally behind and having that team here was crucial to the healing process.”
In the seven months since that puck drop, Robone has made nearly a full recovery.
“I'd say I am 95 percent back to where I was physically before the shooting,” they said.
He's rejoined the UNLV hockey team.
“I wouldn't take it for granted again, that's for sure.”
And the Golden Knights rattled off win after win, giving survivors like Robone something to rally around.
“To be able to not only just be here, but to accomplish everything they accomplished, it's great for the survivors. They wanted something they could really call their own,” Robone said.
With the Golden Knights have skating into a spot in the Western Conference Finals, Robone said the team can continue to help heal the scars left on the Las Vegas community.
“At first it was just the Knights in general. Now it's not just that, it's the 'Playoff Knights,' the 'Winning Knights,' the 'Western Conference Finals Knights,' Robone said with a smile.
"They've helped in my healing process in more ways than one, that's for sure.”
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Idaho Fish & Game Department officials advise hunters to make sure the notches for the correct day and month are fully removed from your tag immediately after you harvest the animal. The tag must be attached to the largest part of the carcass.
/ Front page / News
Update: 2:48PM THE Australia-Pacific Technical College (APTC) has been actively assisting with relief efforts through a number of initiatives post Severe Tropical Cyclone Winston.
And this Friday the College will hand over a cheque of around $4000 to the Fiji Red Cross Society (FRCS) to contribute towards the ongoing recovery efforts post TC Winston.
APTC's goal is to contribute to a prosperous Pacific driven by a skilled, competitive and productive workforce and is committed to the ongoing support of the local communities affected by natural disasters such as TC Winston.
It will be exactly one year on Monday February 20, 2017 since TC Winston caused major devastation in Fiji and affected the livelihoods of approximately 540,000 Fijians, and the value of the damage estimated to be at $1.99 billion.
The National Weather Service issued a severe Thunderstorm Watch for most of Houston as a strong storm system arrived early Monday, putting many areas at risk for strong winds and damaging hail.
The National Weather Service issued a severe thunderstorm warning for most of Houston as a strong storm system arrived early Monday, putting many areas at risk for heavy rain, strong winds and damaging hail.
The severe thunderstorm warning was issued until 10:15 a.m. A severe thunderstorm watch was in effect until 10 a.m.
Residents are asked to monitor the forecast and plan for extra time during the morning commute. More watches and warnings may be issued by the National Weather Service as conditions change.
1-hour rainfall totals as of 8:22 a.m. Heaviest rain north and west of Houston. Check @HCFCD‘s https://t.co/gBUOQnzULf for details. #houwx pic.twitter.com/u0wMaMRzct — Houston OEM (@HoustonOEM) January 2, 2017
More information:
ფოტო: Facebook/Sergi Kapanadze
American Senators, Lindsey Graham, John McCain and Amy Klobuchar met with leaders of the United National Movement today, and discussed the nation's domestic policy and its stance on Russia.
“Traditionally, we had a good meeting with friends of Georgia, Senators McCain, Graham and Klobuchar. They understand exactly our problems - relations with Russia, NATO expansion, the challenges of democracy - including the Rustavi 2 Case and political persecutions. This visit is an open demonstration of the support towards Georgia in [the context of] a complicated regional situation”, wrote United National Movement's MP, Sergi Kapanadze on their Facebook page.
According to Giga Bokeria, the country is being hurt by the influence of Bidzina Ivanishvili. However, they hope that such visits of high placed officials will contribute to the curbing of possible damage.
“This visit is a very important signal for us. There's a very risky international condition for everyone, but Georgia is in a particularly precarious situation. There's a new administration in the United States, the policies of which are not all clear yet. . . the visit of such old friends and influential figures in Eastern Europe is a very important signal [for us]. First of all, it is the responsibility of the government and ours as the opposition as well to introduce them to our view on the challenges posed to us by Russia and on the processes within the country - that's exactly what we talked about”, said Bokeria.
John McCain stated that the meeting with the UNM was productive and that the US continues to express its support for the energetic political climate. McCain once again added that the US supports Georgia's independence and territorial sovereignty and thanked Georgian soldiers serving in Afghanistan.
Before Georgia, the senators visited Ukraine on December 30 - 31. After their departure from Georgia, they will visit Latvia, Lithuania and Montenegro.
The aim of the visit is to convince partner countries that Washington will continue to be a bulwark against Russian aggression.
Sporting achievers in the Scottish Borders wll be recognised at the Live Borders Celebration of Sport evening at Springwood Hall in Kelso next month.
And, since voting opened last week, the Borders public have been busy selecting which Team and Individual they think most deserves to take top honours for their endeavours in 2016.
This week, the focus is on the Sports Personality of the Year category, which features three sporting giants who flew the flag for the Scottish Borders at the 2016 Rio Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Rugby 7s silver medallist Mark Robertson (Melrose), Libby Clegg (Newcastleton), who achieved double gold on the track, and mountain bike supremo Grant Ferguson (Peebles) are all in the running.
Mark Moncrieff, managing director of Galashiels-based GB Technologies, which is sponsoring the award, said: “There are many parallels between sport and business and, as a company committed to growing and prospering in the Borders, we are honoured to be able to continue to play a part in showing our appreciation of our region's sporting heroes.
“From a personal perspective, involvement in sport has played an ongoing part in my life. I believe participating in sport not only keeps you fit and healthy, but also helps to engender a positive attitude which can assist you through all of life's challenges and help lead towards success.”
To vote, just fill out the form on this page and hand it in to any Live Borders Leisure Centre, or go to the Live Borders Facebook page to vote online. The winners of all the categories of the Celebration of Sport Awards will be revealed at a special ceremony at Springwood Hall, Kelso, on Friday, March 3.
Tickets for the Celebration of Sport 2017 are still available. To book, contact the booking line on 01896 661150.
MARK ROBERTSON
Mark Robertson first became a professional rugby player in 2006 and has since had stints with the Border Reivers and Edinburgh Rugby.
A mainstay in the abbreviated national team, they are now in their sixth professional year with Scotland 7s. They were part of the squad which made history in winning London 7s, Scotland's first Cup victory on the World Series since its inauguration.
Robertson (31) was rewarded for their fine displays in 2015-16 when they received a call-up to GB 7s squad for the 2016 Rio Olympics , and made a great impact. Seeded fourth in the 12-team draw, Team GB battled their way through the pool stages to see off Japan (21-19), New Zealand (21-19) and Kenya (31-7) and finish top in their group.
It took until extra time in their quarter-final to make an impact on Argentina, winning 5-0, before an equally gruelling encounter saw them victorious over second seeds South Africa (7-5). Top seeds Fiji proved too big a challenge in the final, however, and the Scots were beaten into the Silver medal position 43-7.
Son of 44-times capped Scotland centre/wing, Keith Robertson, Mark has representative honours with Scotland Club International and Scotland A.
LIBBY CLEGG
Libby (26) has represented both Scotland and Great Britain at international events for well over a decade and the highlight so far came last year when, alongside guide Chris Clarke, they won double Gold in Rio at the 2016 Paralympic Games.
Competing in the T11 100m final, Libby ran the distance under 12 seconds for the first time in their career, clocking 11.91 seconds and breaking the world record in the process.
In the T11 200m, Libby beat the previous Paralympic record when picking up their second gold medal in a time of 24.51sec – 0.07sec outside their own world record set at the IPC Grand Prix Final in London in July.
Libby has a deteriorating eye condition known as Stargardt's Macular Dystrophy disease, giving them only slight peripheral vision in their left eye.  They are registered blind and, in 2016, they were reclassified as a T11 athlete, which requires them to wear a blindfold when racing.
Earlier in the year, Libby lost their funding from British Athletics, mainly through their withdrawal from the 2015 IPC World Championships after just one race because of an ankle injury.
They were awarded an MBE in January after being named on the 2017 New Year's Hounours list.
GRANT FERGUSON
Now aged 23, Grant fell in love with cycling at the age of seven while joining children's sessions at Peebles Cycling Club. But it was mountain biking that eventually became their specialty.
In recent years, Grant has emerged as one of the country's best hopes of medals on the elite international stage after coming fifth, and first British finisher, at their home Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014 and finishing on the podium six times in 2014 and 2015 at the under-23 level of UCI Mountain Bike World Cups, UCI Mountain Bike World Championships and UEC Mountain Bike European Championships.
Riding in the men's elite category in 2016, Grant won the first round of the British Cross-Country Series in Llanellie in April and finished in 17th in the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup in Cairns.
Grant placed second in round three of the British Cross-Country Series in Pickering, 15 th place in the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup in Germany in May and, in July became the Great Britain National Mountain Bike XCO Champion.
In August Grant represented GB at the Rio Olympics where they finished 17th in the men's mountain bike event. They started in the fifth row on the start line and workedhard to move through the pack as the race got under way.
Delta Air Lines(NEW YORK) — Delta is the latest airline to experience a snafu involving the transport of a pet.
In a post on Delta's Facebook page, customer Josh Schlaich wrote about their experience with the airline after their new puppy was not delivered to them Saturday night.
“Hey Delta, was supposed to receive my 8-week old pup this evening,” Schlaich wrote on the company's Facebook page. They went on to say that they received a call from “an inconsiderate and uninformed person” from Detroit's airport saying that the new puppy was going to an unknown location due to a delayed flight.
The puppy was supposed to be flown to Boise, Idaho.
Schlaich said they tried multiple phone numbers to try to connect with someone to find the new addition to their family, but said a rep yelled at them and hung up.
Delta replied to their Facebook post multiple times, apologizing for the incident and giving them a number to call to speak with a supervisor.
In a statement to ABC News, Delta admitted the puppy was sent to another place. “We know pets are important members of the family and apologize for the delayed shipment of a dog, which is now in the hands of its owner, after it was routed to the wrong destination.”
Delta said it reimbursed Schlaich for all the shipping costs associated with the puppy getting delivered to Boise. The airline also launched a review of the procedures to see what caused the puppy to end up in another location, the statement added.
Schlaich updated their Facebook post to Delta, saying the dog was delivered safely and thanking the Delta team in Boise for their helpfulness.
ABC News has reached out to Schlaich for comment but did not immediately hear back.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Dubai: UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Monday they believed former Palestinian prime minister Salam Fayyad was the “right person” to be the world body's envoy to Libya after the United States raised objections to the choice.
The US ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, has expressed disappointment over Guterres' choice, saying the world body has for too long been “unfairly biased in favour of the Palestinian Authority to the detriment of our allies in Israel”.
Speaking at a summit in Dubai, Guterres said: “I believe they are the right person for the right job at the right moment... And I think it is a loss for the Libyan peace process and for the Libyan people that I am not able to appoint him.”
Their comments came a day after they reportedly offered the post of deputy secretary-general to former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni.
According to the Haaretz, an Israeli daily, Livni, who now heads the Hatnua Party and is number-two on the Zionist Union faction in the Knesset, was asked to join the world body by Guterres themselves in a phone call over the weekend.
Them appointment would have to be approved by the UN Security Council.
The Israeli politician has been implicated in war crimes during their tenure as foreign minister during the War on Gaza in 2008-2009.
The offer came amid a row at the UN over the proposal to name Fayyad as UN envoy to Libya.
The US has blocked the appointment at the request of Israel's ambassador Danny Danon.
Israel and the US reportedly fear the appointment of Fayyad, a former World Bank economist, is meant as a further signal of recognition for Palestinian statehood. The UN General Assembly voted to recognise a Palestinian state in 2012, granting Palestine the status of non-member observer state.
According to Haaretz, the offer to appoint Livni is meant as a quid pro quo, and would mark the highest-ever position attained by any Israeli at the UN in exchange for the US allowing Fayyad's appointment through.
