see also Bystander shot dead outside Bronx bodega An innocent bystander was fatally shot outside of a Bronx...
A woman killed by stray gunfire in The Bronx was a doting mother of four whose singular mission in life was to ensure their boys became successful, the kids' devastated dad told The Post on Saturday.
Cindy Diaz's quick trip from their East Tremont apartment to grab dinner for their kids at a nearby McDonald's proved fatal Friday, when they were struck at around 5:37 on Boston Road.
“She was an innocent person. All they were doing was getting food for kids,” dad Angel Rosario said through tears at Diaz's 179th Street apartment.
“It's horrible; it's a travesty and all for nothing. I bet when we find out what happened, it's going to be nonsense.”
Diaz, 48, was struck in the torso and arm and was taken to St. Barnabas Hospital but could not be saved.
Another victim, 18, was shot in the right arm.
The teen, who a source said has a record of six arrests, was believed to have been the intended target.
They were patched up at Jacobi Hospital, then hauled the 48th Precinct station house for questioning.
They were not cooperating, police sources said.
Diaz's four boys — Liam, 15, and Takis, 14, who attend St. Raymond High School for Boys in Parkchester, and Reino, 13, and Giavanno, 11, who go to St. Raymond Elementary in East Tremont — were the light of their life.
“They got good grades. Why? They sat there with them. They used to study with them — that's why the kids are bright.
“That was their doing,” Rosario said.
Rosario, 51, who separated from Diaz a few years ago, said the tragedy was made even more gut-wrenching because the children lost their mom on Three Kings Day, which is akin to Christmas — with gift-giving — for some Christians.
Rosario urged the gunman to turn themselves in and deal with the consequences.
“I want to see justice. I want to see them pay for what they did but at the same time, of course, get help because nobody knows the stories of these kids and what's going on in their households.”
Why it matters to you Genetically engineering a mouse to be immune to cocaine addiction could help reveal the secrets of why some people become hooked on drugs and what we can do about it.
Scientists at the University of British Columbia genetically engineered a mouse that is incapable of becoming addicted to cocaine.
“The purpose of [our] study was to understand a little bit more about the addicted brain — and specifically to understand a little more about what's going on at the cellular and molecular level,” Dr. Shernaz Bamji, a professor in the Department of Cellular and Physiological Sciences, who worked on the project, told Digital Trends. “Researchers are pretty confident now that addiction is a form of learning that goes a bit haywire in a particular circuit in the brain. To learn you have to strengthen synaptic connections, and this involves adding more ‘glue' — a protein called cadherin, which holds brain cells together — to the synapse.”
The researchers figured that adding more cadherin to synapses found within the brain circuit involved in addiction would lead to higher levels of addiction, since more glue should mean stronger synapses and more learned behavior, including pathological addiction.
Instead, they found the opposite.
More: Swedish researchers develop breathalyzer that detects pot and cocaine
“We have a cage with three very distinct chambers in it,” Bamji continued. “We take our [mouse] and give it cocaine and let it associate the cocaine ‘high' with one of the three chambers. We train it this way for a number of days until it's learned that it always feels the high in that location. When you allow the mice to freely move between the chambers, normal mice will always gravitate towards the chamber where it received the drug, which may indicate it's looking for that high. [But] the mice which had too much glue or cadherin at synapses didn't behave this way. They didn't keep going to the room where they received the cocaine — they seemed to be just as happy exploring all around the cage.”
The study suggests a number of interesting things, including adding to the evidence that repetitive drug use has a lot to do with genetics and biochemistry, rather than just being something which affects “weak-willed” individuals.
It also reveals the possibility of developing possible treatments for addiction although, as lead author Dr. Andrea Globa told Digital Trends, it's not entirely straightforward.
“Anything we can find out about how these circuits work is exciting and allows us to think about the possibility of being able to target parts of the brain with a particular drug,” Globa said. “One important thing to keep in mind is that cadherin is important in a lot of different types of learning, not just pathological addiction. So to simply target cadherin with a drug might not be the best approach because reducing someone's ability to remember the rewarding effects of using a drug could also have negative effects on their ability to remember important things in their day-to-day life.”
Still, the more that can be learned about the proteins involved in different reward pathways, the better scientists' ability to develop solutions to problems like addiction will be.
The work additionally opens up the possibility of one day being able to determine whether a person is predisposed to addiction by looking at their genes.
King Pyrrhus of Epirus was planning an attack on Rome. A confidante didn't think it was necessary, or that it would turn out well. And what if we should beat...
INVERNESS, Fla. (WFLA) – Danielle Phillips is on a mission and their focus is laser sharp. Them every move, every breath, every effort, they hope brings them one step closer to the ultimate outcome — finding their grandmother.
It's day six in the desperate search for 72-year-old Carol McHugh, who was last seen on Thursday near their Inverness home at the intersection of Skyline Drive and Regency Row. Sadly, the missing grandmother hasn't been seen since.
The Citrus County Sheriff's Office exhausted all efforts during an intense, massive five-day search — deputies and searchers worked non-stop to locate Carol. On Tuesday evening, the search was suspended. That's when their family took matters into their own hands and continued their efforts to search for McHugh.
They still express extreme gratitude for the deputies hard work, knowing, they tell us, that the agency did everything in their power to try to bring Carole home.
“The biggest hope is that we find her,” Carol's granddaughter, Danielle, told News Channel 8 on Wednesday night.
For Carol's other granddaughter, Danielle, a young Marine who works at the Pentagon, McHugh's disappearance is the toughest battle they have ever faced. As Danielle's eyes continuously scan the landscape near their grandmother's home in Inverness, they have tears in their eyes as they explain the difficulty of “not knowing.”
“It such a roller coaster because every 15 minutes, every noise, every excitement, you feel it,” said Danielle. “It's mentally, emotionally and physically exhausting.”
On Wednesday afternoon, Danielle sat atop an airboat, flanked by their sister, friends and community members as they made their way through the dense, swampy surroundings near their grandmother's home.
“I would say this feels like a deployment. You know, I've deployed twice, and this feels like a deployment,” they tell us, drawing a strikingly similar comparison to their time as a marine.
Locating Carol has become a non-stop grassroots effort from their family, friends, neighbors and even strangers — all participating, all anxious for information.
Danielle, their husband and family members have spent the last few days and nights passing out thousands of flyers, walking through countless neighborhoods, businesses and streets.
Them childhood friends, even people she's never met have been volunteering their time, their boats, ATV's and ultimately boundless energy to help their family locate their beloved grandmother.
Danielle says their spirit is bolstered each and every day knowing the people in Citrus County, where they were raised, have given their family constant love and support.
“It's the only thing that lets me sleep even a little bit at night, knowing that the passion and the drive to find them is not just in our family, it's in our Citrus County family.”
Those who know Carol admits that they have been experiencing symptoms of early onset Alzheimer's and most likely forgot where they were going. They are hoping that possibly a good Samaritan has assisted them in some way, and that she's out there somewhere, just trying to find a way home.
“I hope we find their healthy, aware, Carol McHugh in our arms. That's the biggest hope,” Danielle told us. “We just want any clue we can find.”
If you have seen Carol McHugh or know anything about this case, please call 911 immediately.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Draconien got Willie Mullins off to a flying start at this year's Punchestown Festival after springing a surprise in the Herald Champion Novice Hurdle.
The reigning champion trainer has significant ground to make up on rival Gordon Elliott in this year's title race, but reduced the deficit in the first Grade One contest of the week.
Mullins fielded four of the 10 runners and it was their 11-10 favourite Getabird who cut out much of the running in the hands Paul Townend.
However, they were a spent force from the home turn and was first claimed by Colin Tizzard's British challenger Vision Des Flos, before 25-1 shot Draconien came through under a confident Noel Fehily to claim victory by two and a quarter length.
Vision Des Flos was a clear second, with Elliott's Mengli Khan best of the rest in third.
A thrilling finish to the Champion Novice Hurdle at the #PunchestownFestival https://t.co/if3PzbykLZ pic.twitter.com/i0fQt5CMqH — RTÉ Racing (@RTEracing) April 24, 2018
Mullins said: "It looked like there was too much pace up the front for Getabird and everyone took them on up. They've all paid the penalty and Draconien came through.
"Noel got off them in Fairyhouse and said they wanted to ride them differently and on better ground and that's exactly what happened today.
"There was so much pace today, there was no pace in Fairyhouse, and that played into their hands and they jumped fantastic as well."
True Self (12-1) showed a smart turn of foot under Rachael Blackmore to win the valuable Killashee Handicap Hurdle.
The Willie Mullins-trained mare shot clear turning into the straight and despite slowing up heading to the last, soon regained momentum to beat Joey Sasa.
Enniskillen (1) was a spectacular faller but wasn't badly injured
Just Wait And See gamely held off Blue Templar to win the Kildare Hunt Club Fr Sean Breen Memorial Chase for the Ladies Perpetual Cup, the first race of the 2018 Festival.
Ridden by Billy Gleeson and trained by their father, John, the victorious 16-1 chance hit the front inside the final half a mile.
But Derek O'Connor conjured up a late rally from Blue Templar, having been under pressure from some way out, and only went down by a head in a thrilling finish.
John Gleeson said: "I only have a handful of horses to keep an interest in the game. This has given me the biggest buzz I've ever had in my life."
Billy Gleeson said: "We've had the horse since they were four.
"He's a real fun horse - a very clever jumper - and God knows how many fences he's jumped in their life."
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — South Korea added several North Korean groups and individuals to its sanctions list Monday in a largely symbolic move that is part of efforts to cut off funding for the North's weapons programs.
The government said those added were 20 North Korean groups, including several banks and companies, and 12 individuals.
Seoul is among the first to respond to North Korea's Nov. 29 missile launch with fresh sanctions. While the move is largely symbolic because all transactions between two Koreas have been banned for years, the government said it hopes its move will prompt the international community to do likewise.
The measure will “remind the international community of the risks of doing transactions with the groups and individuals,” Baek Tae-hyun, South Korea's Unification Ministry spokesperson, said during a media briefing.
The blacklist includes Rason International Commercial Bank and Korea Zinc Industrial Group. Individuals are North Korean officials who work for the country's banks or companies based in China, Russia, Vietnam and Namibia.
U.S. President Donald Trump's U.N. ambassador has been urging the world to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.
Last month, North Korea has test-fired its most powerful missile ever, an ICBM that may be able to target the eastern seaboard of the United States.
Separately on Monday, South Korea, the United States and Japan started two-day missile tracking drills in response to North Korea's missile and nuclear threats.
The managing partner of The Four Seasons Restaurant took a no-jail plea deal Thursday in Manhattan court for groping a young woman during a private wine party at the famed...
Forget nights of passion – it seems most of us prefer to get hot and heavy in the morning.
A new survey has pinned down the day of the week and the time that couples have the most sex – and it's Sunday morning at 9 a.m.
Far from nursing our hangovers and rolling over for a bit more kip, Brits are making the most of their Sunday mornings for a weekly snuggle.
The study, commissioned by Superdrug, asked 2,000 people their most popular time to have sex.
Not surprisingly, the weekend saw the most action with Saturday the favorite day overall, followed by Friday night.
The Saturday evening slots of 10:30 p.m. and 11:30 p.m. came in second and third for precise times, so at least some people are being wined and dined beforehand.
IllicitEncounters.com quizzed 1,000 people and found that half of couples are so busy they “schedule” a late sex session with their lover.
The study also revealed the least popular time to have sex and that is Monday at 4:45 p.m.
Summer is the sexiest season, picked by 62% of people, followed by winter (20%), spring (14%) and autumn (4%).
Six out of 10 couples have booked a weekend away specifically to get time alone for romping.
The favorite sex precursor was a romantic meal, followed by watching TV, chatting, going to the bar or a night out with pals.
Most people said alcohol played little part in their shenanigans with 60% revealing they rarely drink before having sex.
Yesterday, we revealed the average age that a woman has the best sex of their life.
By Jackie Maslow
In an effort to give back to their Riverside community, the Norco College Music Industry Studies Program is organizing a benefit concert in alliance with Feeding America on March 18.
Full-time MIS Instructor, Brady Kerr at Norco College is overseeing planning for the event. “$1 makes 11 meals, so each person that comes to the concert is essentially providing 55 meals to the hungry,” said Kerr.
According to the Feeding America website, 42 million people face hunger in the U.S. today—including nearly 13 million children and more than 5 million seniors. The Feeding America network is the nation's largest domestic hunger-relief organization, working to connect people with food and end hunger.
Planning for the event began in December when T.J. Stoneking, a student in the MIS Program, took their idea of a canned food benefit concert to Kerr. Together they partnered with Norco College and their local Feeding America chapter to turn the idea into an official event with a greater opportunity for community outreach.
“I wanted Norco Music to have more opportunities to play live and reach a bigger audience,” Stoneking said, “I knew that simply asking the (usual) crowd to see a show wasn't going to work, so I figured giving the audience a chance to be a part of something that could impact literally hundreds of people would be a great reason to come check us out.”
While discussing the significance of the event, “[Norco Music is] a part of the community,” said Kerr. ”We want to put Norco Music on the map as, not only great music, but also people that give back to their community and represent their college in a positive way.”
The event will begin at 7:30 p.m. with admission priced at $5. All proceeds go directly to the local Feeding America Food Bank representing both Riverside and San Bernardino County.
Attendees are encouraged to bring canned goods to donate to the cause. Attendees who bring five canned goods will receive a $5 voucher toward the purchase of Norco Music's newest studio album, “Collision Course,” which is set to release April 21.
For more information on hunger in America and ways to get involved and take action in your community, visit www.feedingamerica.org
Last November, Kris Kobach, the conservative firebrand who co-chairs the president's voter fraud panel, walked into a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump with a proposal to "Stop Aliens From Voting."
On Thursday, a federal judge ordered the release of that proposal and another memo advocating sweeping changes to the nation's voter registration laws after Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, fought vigorously for months to keep the documents from public scrutiny.
Kobach, according to the two unsealed documents, proposed that states require individuals to provide documents proving their U.S. citizenship when registering to vote by amending several sections of the 1993 National Voter Registration Act.
The documents give a glimpse into the hardline plan Kobach, a strict voter ID advocate, proposed to the president regarding voting rights, before Kobach joined the president's Election Integrity Commission to examine nationwide voting issues.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The voter fraud lies keep coming 6:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The two documents were ordered released by U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson as part of a voting rights lawsuit filed in February 2016 by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The first document — titled “Kobach Strategic Plan for First 365 Days" — was heavily redacted, except for a section titled "Stop Aliens From Voting," with a bullet point promoting the proof-of-citizenship requirements.
That document, presented to Trump last November, was photographed by The Associated Press.
This cropped and rotated clockwise image shows a document held by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach as they pose with Presient-elect Donald Trump at the clubhouse of the Trump International Golf Club, in Bedminster, N.J. Peter Foley / EPA
At the time, a zoomed-in image of the document revealed that the first bullet point was to reinstate an immigrant tracking system established in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, with other portions covered by Kobach's hand.
The second document detailed five amendments to the national voter registration law, which allows voters to register at motor vehicle offices, allowing a state to require "any information" from voters when registering.
Kobach proposed adding a new section to the law stating: “Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent a state from requiring documentary proof of citizenship from any applicant.”
Kobach and their lawyers tried to prevent the release of the documents, arguing they were protected under attorney-client and executive privileges.
Dale Ho, the director of the ACLU's Voting Rights Project, praised the unsealing and criticized Kobach's proposals.
"Kris Kobach is public enemy No. 1 when it comes to voter suppression in the country, which is why courts have repeatedly ruled against him," Ho said in a statement.
"The documents unveiled today show that they want to dismantle the motor-voter law and replicate their voter suppression practices — which have disenfranchised thousands of Kansans — around the country."
Kobach has been on a crusade in their home state to root out illegal voting, which experts say is rare; they successfully lobbied the state Legislature in 2015 to become deputized to prosecute voter fraud cases.
In two years, they have had nine convictions, most of older individuals who had misunderstood their voting rights, and just one noncitizen.
Kobach, who is running for governor of Kansas, was tapped in May to co-chair the president's voter fraud commission, which has received bipartisan backlash for requesting sensitive voter file data.
Their office did not respond to a request for comment.
Image copyright Ordnance Survey Image caption Six sections of the A47 have been earmarked for upgrade
Plans for £300m of improvements to one of the eastern region's main roads have been unveiled by Highways England.
The A47, which connects East Anglia to the Midlands, will see three sections of the 115-mile stretch between Great Yarmouth and Peterborough dualled.
Highways England said improvements would also be made to several junctions and roundabouts.
It said the project, to start in March 2020, would "improve users journey times and safety".
Local politicians and users have called for the road, which is a strategic route for the East of England, to be widened at key points.
Philip Davie, of Highways England, said: "We have listened to the publics' views and these have helped shape and inform our approach to our proposed schemes.
"Work now continues, adding detail to the design for each of the dualling and junction improvements, and on planning how we will deliver them in a way that keeps traffic moving," they added.
The first completion date of the six projects is expected from March 2021, the Highways Agency said.
Image copyright Ordnance Survey Image caption Highways England hopes improvements at this roundabout connecting the A47 with the A11 will reduce congestion
Upgrade details
A47 North Tuddenham and Easton - upgrade to dual carriageway along existing route
A47 Blofield to North Burlingham - new stretch of dual carriageway built to the south of the existing A47
A47 Thickthorn Interchange with A11 - new direct links to the A47 eastbound and westbound
A47 Great Yarmouth junctions (formerly A12) - Vauxhall roundabout enlarged with an extended bridge and new slip road. The Gapton roundabout will be widened
A47 Wansford to Sutton - A1 junction at Wansford dualled west of Peterborough, plus a dedicated slip road from A1 southbound to A47 eastbound
A47 Guyhirn - Roundabout enlarged and River Nene Bridge widened to three lanes
Before Chris Lampton began their career as a lifestyle expert on a variety of design shows on HGTV and DIY, the Cape Cod, Massachusetts, resident tried to find love on ABC's “The Bachelorette.”
Lambton failed to win over Ali Fedotowsky on season 6 of the dating competition show but says coming in second place could not have worked out any better.
“I think after my season, putting my personal life on TV so much just wasn't for me,” Lambton told Fox News. “Doing landscaping shows and constructions shows… When it comes to my love life, family life, I like to keep that personal.
They added, “Believe me, that worked out well… I met my wife.”
Chris and their wife Peyton don't have too much time to watch “The Bachelor” series anymore. The pair welcomed their first child, a daughter, Lyla, in November.
Being busy parents inspired Lambton's new show “Controlled Chaos” on Build.Design.Live.
“We have a 5-months — this week — daughter, our first, and as we're setting up the baby room I got thinking this is something a lot of people go through,” Lambton told us of the inspiration for their new online show debuting tonight.
“[Having Lyla] turned [our lives] upside down in a good way,” Peyton Lambton told us. “I've always been someone who wants my house to be neat and organized and it's completely turned upside having a kid…your priority changes.”
Watch “Controlled Chaos” tonight on Build.Design.Live.com.
An Aer Lingus flight out of JFK was forced to turn around and made an emergency landing Monday night due to hydraulic failure soon after takeoff. The Shannon, Ireland-bound Boeing...
Share
After bowling us over recently with a $20 smart cam, Wyze Labs is back with Wyze Cam Pan. It's a $30 pan/tilt/zoom (PTZ) model, offering 360-degree room coverage, 93-degree vertical tilting, and the same full HD video quality that impressed us in the second generation Wyze Cam.
At just $30, the company will be hoping the new model continues to build momentum in a category that is packed with competition. Few consumer brands have tackled the complexity of a PTZ design or smarter ways of delivering 360-degree coverage. Those that have, such as the $120 VTech HD Pan & Tilt Camera or $230 Guardzilla 360, have promised much but ultimately disappointed.
So, you'd be forgiven for thinking that a budget camera couldn't possibly outperform devices that cost four times its price. We had a similar inkling about Wyze Cam v2, though, and we were dead wrong.
Clean lines and compelling features
While PTZ support is the big news, cast a glance at Wyze Cam Pan's comprehensive list of features and you'll see everything you'd expect to find in a modern smart cam. Like Wyze Cam v2, the new model offers 1080p resolution, night vision, motion-detection zones, smart notification, two-way audio, and local and cloud recording. What we didn't expect to see was a wider, 120-degree field of vision and a motion tracking feature that enables the camera to intelligently follow moving objects around the room.
Open the box and you'll see a device that very much resembles a taller version of the original Wyze Cam, which is no bad move. It's a little lightweight, but the white matte plastics feel good in the hand, with chamfered corners that add a touch of quality. Give it a squeeze and you don't feel the traditional creaking that's the hallmark of a cheaply-built device. It's a smart design, in all ways.
Give it a squeeze, and you don't feel the traditional creaking that's the hallmark of a cheaply-built device. It's a smart design, in all ways.
The extendable (and slightly flimsy) base of the previous model has been replaced with a grippy disc on which the camera spins. It's a little smaller than the camera body, but the device remains quite stable on the desktop. While you won't find a mount included in the box, the base includes a standard quarter-inch screw hole for wall mounting plus a micro-USB slot for power.
Other connectivity includes a handy USB-A port on the back of the camera, which allows you to daisy-chain and power a second Wyze Cam, while a microSD port on the underside of the device supports up to 32 GB of local storage.
Setup, using a beta release of the Wyze Cam smartphone app, proceeded without an issue. Voice prompts from the camera's speaker help you through the process, and a quick scan of a QR code, displayed on your smartphone's screen, ensures you're connected quickly.
Wyze Cam Pan Compared To
Sharp imaging with some exposure issues
Once up and running, we were delighted to see Wyze Cam Pan delivered the same clear, high-quality imaging that we enjoyed from Wyze Cam v2. Images were well saturated and balanced, although once again, lighter areas such as sunlit windows and indoor lights suffered from significant over-exposure. To be fair to Wyze Labs, this this a problem we've encountered on most smart cams we've tested this year. The wide, 120-degree field of vision provided a generous view of the room, and while there was a noticeable fish-eye lens effect at the edges of the image, it didn't cause issues with monitoring.
Switching to night vision, we were again impressed by reasonably clear and sharp images, which were superior to pricier competitors like the VTech HD Pan & Tilt Camera.
Audio, however, was far less refined. The integrated microphone detected and recorded audio successfully, but when we played back a recording from the local SD card on a PC, we found that captured audio was quite harsh. Wyze Cam Pan's speaker was functional serves as an intercom or to deliver audible warnings to intruders, but, like most smart cams we test, investment is weighted heavily towards the imaging sensor.
Responsive pan/tilt modes, but motion tracking needs work
Panning and tilting the camera, either by swiping the video on your smartphone or using a circular direction pad, was fluid and incredibly responsive, with the camera rotating on its axis with very little lag. The camera's motor speed can be adjusted from the default mid-point, but we found that noise output – which is reasonably quiet, if a little grindy – increased at higher speeds.
We were delighted to see Wyze Cam Pan delivered the same clear, high-quality imaging that we enjoyed from Wyze Cam v2.
Alongside manual controls, Wyze Cam Pan also supports automated features, including an adjustable Pan Scan mode, which cycles the camera's position every 10-seconds, and motion tracking, which follows detected movement around the room. The latter option worked reasonably well at times, although the camera was much more successful at tracking slower movements.
On some occasions, particularly with faster motion, the camera lost the subject or randomly spun away to point in an arbitrary direction. We also found that enabling both Pan Scan and Motion Tracking modes simultaneously led to tracking no longer working, while in any mode, panning introduced temporary image pixelation, which was quickly corrected once the camera refocused.
Given time, Wyze Labs may well be able to tweak the camera's algorithm to fine-tune motion tracking. As it stands, it's certainly a useful addition – especially on a $30 smart cam – but in these early days, be prepared to experiment to find the right balance of features and performance for your home.
Elsewhere, like with the Wyze Cam v2, we found this device's supporting features to be hit or miss. Thankfully, issues with push notifications appear to be resolved, as Wyze Cam Pan did a good job of alerting us to potential threats within seconds of detection. Generically, both sound and motion detection worked well, but the advertised smoke and carbon monoxide alarm alerts were a bust. In tests, both types of alarms were simply identified with a “detected sound” notification.
However, a beautifully-simple user interface, elegant video review controls, free cloud and local SD recording, and bonus features like time-lapse video creation lead to Wyze Cam Pan punching well above its weight. It delivers significantly greater value than many competitors.
Warranty information
Wyze Cam Pan is backed by a 1-year limited warranty, covering defects in parts and workmanship.
Our Take
Certainly, Wyze Labs has more work to do on refining the device's more advanced, intelligent features, but make no mistake, at this price point, you really can't go wrong. The new model retains and, in some areas, improves on the formula that made Wyze Cam v2 so special. A combination of attractive hardware, strong imaging performance, pan/tilt features, and a choice of free cloud or local recording would be impressive in a $150 camera. At $30, it's a complete steal.
Is there a better alternative?
At this price point? Just one. If pan/tilt features feel like an indulgence, save yourself $10 and pick up Wyze Cam v2 instead.
How long will it last?
As a start-up, there are few guarantees on longevity, but this is Wyze Labs' third hardware release, and the company continues to refine its products with new features and firmware updates. The addition of moving parts to support Wyze Cam Pan's pan and tilt features increase the risk of hardware failure, so let's hope the company has invested the $10 premium over Wyze Cam v2 wisely.
A community of more than 150,000 registered users suggests that the company is building momentum. Fingers crossed they have the resources to maintain their high-value, innovative edge while keeping the lights on.
Should you buy it?
Go for it. A $30 PTZ smart camera shouldn't be this good, and at this price point, what have you got to lose?
As the heat turns up on President Donald Trump's inner circle over contact with the Kremlin, their former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort has put forward a plaintive defense: How was they to know they were talking to Russian spies?
“It's not like these people wear badges that say, ‘I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'” — Paul Manafort, former campaign chairperson for President Donald Trump
Manafort, who resigned from Trump's campaign last August amid a Ukraine-related controversy, was responding to allegations that they have spoken with senior Russian officials in the year before Election Day.
They were among members of Trump's 2016 campaign who had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence members ahead of the election, according to a report in the New York Times, which reported Manafort's comments Tuesday.
Manafort was the only Trump aide named by the former and current American officials cited in the article. Calling the report “absurd,” Manafort said they had “never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers,” or had anything to do with the Russian government or “any other issues under investigation today.”
The report comes just over a day after national security advisor Michael Flynn resigned over their contacts with a Russian ambassador to the U.S. The Federal Bureau of Investigation and U.S. intelligence agencies are looking into claims that Russia tried to influence last year's presidential election.
Based on its IDS concept, Siemens offers an environmentally friendly integrated drive system for open circuits comprising Simotics FD motors and water-cooled Sinamics S120 converters. Using an integrated cooling concept, the new system turns available service water into cooling water for the drive system, enabling a joint open cooling circuit for the plant, motor and converter. The joint cooling circuit allows the recooling module for the converter to be dispensed with, significantly reducing the amount of space required and providing improved economic and energy efficiency, according to Siemens. Flexible drive trains can be created to address complex applications in fields such as steel, automotive and process industries, as well as for offshore and shipping applications.
With its water-cooled drive system, Siemens provides an efficient overall concept that reportedly makes minimal demands on the quality of the water. Any kind of available water, from service water customarily occurring in industry through to treated river water, can be used for drive system cooling. Because the overall system is resistant to oxygen enrichment of the cooling water, it can prevent unwanted oxidation.
Dispensing with additives in the cooling water lessens the environmental impact of the drive system and ensures simpler commissioning. Use of a copper-nickel alloy makes the drive system for open circuits particularly corrosion-proof, resistant to biological growth and durable. The integrated cooling maintenance concept with water cooling of both motor and converter offers efficient heat dissipation, significantly reducing the need for air conditioning. The overall system with water cooling operates reliably even in harsh environments due to the high protection ratings that can be implemented for both converter and motor.
Foreign desk: A Silent Coup in Italy
Talk about liberalism without democracy: Italian President Sergio Mattarella has barred a coalition of euroskeptic parties from forming a government — despite the clear mandate they won from voters. Commentary's Sohrab Ahmari calls it “nothing less than a bloodless coup d'état” that “laid bare the naked contempt for the vox populi among the Italian and European liberal establishment.” Ostensibly, the row is over the coalition's choice of a former Bank of Italy official who's compared German domination of the EU to the Nazi occupation, as economy minister. Mattarella objected, citing European “uncertainty about our position in the euro.” Says Ahmari: Either Mattarella “is the most tin-eared politician on the Continent,” or “he is utterly indifferent to the democratic compact that nominally holds their republic together.” Or both.
Urban critic: Keep Government Out of Sports Betting
The US Supreme Court may have just legalized sports betting, but City Journal's Bob McManus contends the inevitable rush to institute it “isn't driven by sound policy or clear thinking.” First there are “the moral issues raised by government-promoted gambling.” Bottom line, though: “As an economic-development tool, gambling simply doesn't deliver,” as proven by Gov. Cuomo's “big bet on casinos as an upstate stimulator.” Instead of providing communities with windfall income, “the casinos themselves are asking for government subsidies.” But while betting apps likely will preclude a resurrected OTB, which went bankrupt after years of diminishing returns, history suggests government-sponsored sports betting “won't generate the kind of cash that boosters are promising.” In fact, that's “the only safe wager” to be made.
Historian: Jewish Boasting Mars Embassy Achievement
Even before the paint began to dry on the sign in front of the new US embassy in Jerusalem, noted Rafael Medoff at the Jerusalem Post, Jewish groups began claiming credit. Organizations quickly started fundraising based on their claims to a “significant role,” while a rabbi involved in interfaith work “insisted Christian public opinion” was the key factor. But as Medoff notes: Anyone who's followed the decades-long effort to move the embassy understands that the decision was “the result of numerous diplomatic and political factors, congressional efforts and advocacy by both Jewish and Christian groups.” Yet the only way many of these groups can “justify their existence — and their staff's salaries — is to make ever louder claims as to what they have supposedly accomplished.”
Political scribe: Jeff Flake's 2020 Kamikaze Mission
Arizona's Jeff Flake may be the latest senator to see a future president in the mirror, suggests The Week's Paul Waldman. Flake, who's not seeking re-election, sounds more and more like he's prepared to mount “a doomed yet vital” GOP primary challenge to President Trump. Certainly, he's become Trump's “most incessant critic among elected Republicans.” Indeed, liberated from the need to submit themselves to their party's voters, “he has been sometimes blistering in their critiques.” Yet “any challenge to an incumbent would be doomed from the start,” as Flake themselves acknowledges. And the most recent such challenges all led to the incumbent losing the general election. Which suggests that if Flake “really finds Trump as repugnant as they say, this would be the perfect way to attack him.”
From the right: Don't Toss Audience Out With Roseanne
There's little disagreement with ABC's decision to cancel “Roseanne” after its star's tweets. But Philip Wegmann at the Washington Examiner worries that “ABC and all of Hollywood are dangerously close to dismissing the audience of their television show as themselves racist.” And that, they add, “would be the wrong conclusion.” Those 22 million viewers tuned in to see “comedy from outside a coastal bubble,” not to watch Roseanne “regurgitate conspiracy theories.” The show “spoke to a long-overlooked audience “ about “things they cared about.” And Roseanne, for all their faults, “tapped into a real cultural current,” though in the end they did their audience “more harm than good.” But the show's cancellation creates “a unique vacuum that can't be filled with yet another liberal derivative.”
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is moving to roll back the centerpiece of President Barack Obama's efforts to slow global warming, seeking to ease restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants.
In a plan expected to be made public in coming days, the Environmental Protection Agency declared the Obama-era rule exceeded federal law by setting emissions standards that power plants could not reasonably meet. The Associated Press obtained a copy of the 43-page document, which underscored President Donald Trump's bid to revive the struggling coal industry.
The EPA's new proposal would make good on Trump's campaign pledge to unravel Obama's efforts to curb global warming and follows Trump's promise to pull the United States out of the landmark Paris climate agreement. Nearly 200 countries have committed to combat global warming by reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming.
The EPA won't prescribe an immediate replacement to the plan, but will seek public comment on whether to curb climate-warming emissions from coal and natural gas power plants.
A spokesperson for EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt declined to comment Friday on the authenticity of the leaked document but said the Obama administration “pushed the bounds of their authority so far” that the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay to prevent the Clean Power Plan from taking effect.
“Any replacement rule that the Trump administration proposes will be done carefully and properly within the confines of the law,” EPA spokesperson Liz Bowman said.
The Obama administration's cost-benefits analysis of the Clean Power Plan was “highly uncertain” in multiple areas, Bowman said, vowing that the Trump administration will present a range of scenarios to the public “in a robust, open and transparent way.”
Obama's plan was designed to cut U.S. carbon dioxide emissions to 32 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030. The rule dictated specific emission targets for states based on power-plant emissions and gave officials broad latitude to decide how to achieve reductions.
The Supreme Court put the plan on hold last year following a legal challenge by industry and coal-friendly states.
Even so, the plan has been a factor in a wave of retirements of coal-fired plants, which also are being squeezed by lower costs for natural gas and renewable power and state mandates promoting energy conservation.
Repealing the Clean Power Plan without a timeline or a commitment to propose a rule to reduce carbon pollution “isn't a step forward, it's a wholesale retreat from EPA's legal, scientific and moral obligation to address the threats of climate change,”‘ said former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
While the Supreme Court has concluded that EPA is obligated to regulate greenhouse gases, “this administration has no intention of following the law,” said McCarthy, who led the EPA when the Clean Power Plan was completed. “They are denying it just as they are denying the science. They're using stall tactics to defer action, ignoring the courts and the demands of the American people.”
Industry groups cheered the planned repeal, saying it would reverse regulatory overreach by Obama and McCarthy.
“The Clean Power Plan represented an unlawful attempt to transform the nation's power grid … and raise costs on American consumers,” said Hal Quinn, president and CEO of the National Mining Association.
The Obama-era plan would have sharply reduced the number of coal-fired plants, making the grid more vulnerable to reliability concerns and increasing costs with “trivial environmental benefits,” Quinn said.
The new plan will save an estimated 240 million tons of annual coal production and safeguard more than 27,000 mining jobs and almost 100,000 additional jobs throughout the supply chain, they said.
In the leaked document, the Trump administration argues that repealing the Clean Power Plan could spare an estimated $33 billion in compliance costs in 2030, arguing that the Obama administration overstated the rule's potential health benefits.
Previously, the EPA had estimated that by 2030 the Clean Power Plan would prevent 90,000 asthma attacks and up to 3,600 premature deaths a year.
The leaked document casts doubts on those numbers and says the EPA plans to perform updated modeling and analysis of health benefits and other impacts of the rule.
Liz Perera, climate policy director for the Sierra Club, said repealing the Clean Power Plan “is about one thing and one thing only: helping corporate polluters profit.”
The plan was first reported by Bloomberg News.
——
Reach Matthew Daly: http://twitter.com/MatthewDalyWDC
Chris Smalling linked with West Ham and Everton
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling will be sold this summer and is a target for West Ham United, Everton and West Bromwich Albion, according to the Daily Telegraph .
The England international is set to become surplus to requirements at Old Trafford as manager Jose Mourinho rebuilds their squad ahead of the 2017/18 campaign and a return to the Champions League. Benfica centre-back Victor Lindelof last week became United's first summer signing, which immediately raised speculation over Smalling's future.
Mourinho has publicly criticised the 27-year-old over their apparent refusal to play through the pain barrier after they spent six weeks sidelined with a broken toe they sustained in a Europa League win over Fenerbahce at Old Trafford in October.
Smalling has recently changed agents in anticipation of being sold this summer and the Hammers, the Toffees and the Baggies are three of the clubs monitoring their situation.
Children make the most of the snow
It was not all travel misery during the snow - these children made the most of the cold weather.
Almost $13 trillion. That's the eye-popping figure for total household debt as of September 30, 2017, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. To put that in perspective, the former record was set in the first quarter of 2008, right before the onset of the financial crisis. Credit card debt, auto loan debt, student loan debt and mortgage debt are all on the rise (and while home equity loans and lines of credit decreased slightly, borrowing is projected to ramp up significantly in the next few years to come).
If you're one of the many resolving to get a handle on your debt in 2018, starting now could give you a significant head start. The good news: You don't have to do it the old-fashioned way. Here are some tech tools to help you reach your goal.
1. Make an actionable payoff plan: Unbury.Me
The aptly-named Unbury.I is a free online tool that allows users to create an account, list all of their debt and map out a payment plan to suit their needs. (The tool offers both the “avalanche” method (attacking the highest interest rate debt first, then moving to the second-highest and so on) and the “snowball” method (focusing on the lowest balance first, then the second-lowest and so on). The first technically saves you the most money in the long run, but the second could be the right choice if short-term wins increase your long-term motivation to funnel more money to your goal. The tool also demonstrates the effect of solely paying the minimum versus doubling up on payments one month, says accounting technologist Louie Balasny.
2. Attack debt subconsciously: Qoins
The team at Qoins focuses on rounding up each of your purchases to the nearest dollar (much like the investing app Acorns), then applying that cash to your student loan or credit card debt. Almost $1 million in spare change has been saved since the app launched in January 2017, and on a monthly basis, the average user saves roughly $50 to $55 (or $600 plus a year). To get started, you sign up, then link your financial account to begin saving. (Note: The app costs $1.99 a month, but it takes the fee out of your savings pool rather than charging your card.) For users who are patrons of smaller financial institutions that aren't supported, Qoins has an algorithm that analyzes your checking account and pulls out small amounts of money to save daily on your behalf (usually between 50 cents and $5).
There is a growing sense among executives that the trade market is going to be active this offseason fueled by these factors: 1. Arguably the worst free-agent starting-pitching class ever...
User Name Remember Me? Password
All times are GMT -5. The time now is 04:47 AM .
Dirty water samples provided to KFOR's media partner 10/11 Now from Dale Etmund of the quality of tap water coming from homes just southeast of Lincoln. (Courtesy Photo)
Nearly 2,000 people who live on the outskirts of Lincoln are frustrated. For the past few days, when they turn on their faucet, out comes dark and dirty water. It all started last week, and while it's cleared up a little, some people are still confused over what's causing it.
Lancaster County District 1 Rural Water provides water to the Bennet, Panama, and Roca areas. They told KFOR's media partner 10/11 NOW they are very aware of the problem and are continuing to clean it up.
Most homes that were affected have clean water again, but many are wondering if dirty water will continue to be a problem.
The water that has been coming out of people's faucets in rural Lancaster County has been looking brown, with little particles floating in it.
The Rural Water district adds it's a natural sediment that's come from the pipes, and it's still safe to drink.
The owner of a Belfast care home where a report found residents had suffered "inhuman, degrading treatment" called the findings "flawed" and "inaccurate".
Gordon Saunders of Runwood Homes said they had apologised profusely to the families of those affected.
But they insisted such cases were "isolated".
They said parts of the report on Dunmurry Manor by the NI Commissioner for Older People were incorrect and their lawyers would be responding.
In their first interview since the publication of the damning report into the home, Mr Saunders said they would be challenging parts of that report through "the proper channels".
Image caption Mr Saunders said they had 'apologised profusely'
The report published in mid June found "a horrific catalogue" of degrading treatment at Dunmurry Manor.
It found that many residents had spent "their last few months living in appalling circumstances".
Northern Ireland's Commissioner for Older People, Eddie Lynch, said the report outlined a "disturbing picture where there were many significant failures in safeguarding care and treatment".
This led to many of the residents "not receiving adequate protection for prolonged periods of time".
But in an interview with BBC News NI, Mr Saunders said: "We're finding the outcome flawed in some areas and we'll be challenging those issues.
Image copyright Branimir76/Getty Image caption The commisioner's report concerned the care of residents with dementia
"I have apologised for those isolated cases that we felt we were failing in. In some cases where we were, I have apologised and will continue to apologise as necessary.
"I have met some of the families and explained to them I was upset and apologised profusely."
Mr Saunders said that as chief executive of Runwood homes in Northern Ireland, they visited between four and six times a year, normally for two to three days.
One of the challenges with Dunmurry Manor was that a series of managers were in post down the years. That has now changed, they said.
"We have found a stable manager, we are very happy with the quality of what we are providing at the moment," they said.
Mr Saunders added that staff had felt "challenged very severely over the last couple of weeks - unfairly".
'Excellent care'
Northern Ireland care regulator, the RQIA, was also criticised in the commissioner's report.
Its chief executive Olive McCleod said their organisation had done nothing wrong.
Mr Saunders, who owns 10 homes in Northern Ireland, said the RQIA were stringent in how they monitored homes.
"Dunmurry Manor has lost £700,000 since it has been open which is distressing in as much as we couldn't provide the care in those early days," they said.
"But since then, we have turned the home around and we are now providing excellent care in that home."
In February 2017, Mr Lynch said they were using their formal investigative powers for the first time to begin an inquiry into the home.
Describing their findings as "deeply concerning", the investigation also found reports of "evidence of physical and sexual assault on female residents" and of residents leaving the home unnoticed.
The overall situation was compounded by a "failure of responsible bodies to act quickly and comprehensively".
In a recent report, the Department of Health assessed the home's current standards of care and said "during the visits Dunmurry was assessed as being a safe place for people to live quality lives".
Deer Pond Farm to open for year-round use
Photo: Carol Kaliff / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo File photo of Deer Pond Farm. The Connecticut Audubon Society received the land for the preserve in a bequest from Kathryn D. Wriston. File photo of Deer Pond Farm. The Connecticut Audubon Society received the land for the preserve in a bequest from Kathryn D. Wriston. Photo: Carol Kaliff / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Deer Pond Farm to open for year-round use 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Deer Pond Farm's 10 miles of trails will now be open seven days a week in Sherman for hiking, birding and nature study.
The Connecticut Audubon Society opened the Deer Pond Farm preserve a year ago, acquiring it in a bequest from the late Kathryn Wriston, but it was only open for guided walks in limited areas at limited times. Visitors will now be able to explore more than 400 acres of the preserve from dawn to dusk, year-round.
The opening will kick off with a celebration on Saturday, beginning with staff-led bird walks at 8 a.m. There will also be a 10 a.m. ribbon cutting, and a raptor demonstration by Skyhunters in Flight at 10:30 a.m. Additional guided walks are scheduled for 11:30 a.m. and visitors will be able to explore the preserve on their own as well.
Volunteers will also be stationed at the newly-established memorial pollinator garden.
The opening day events are free but registration is requested. People can RSVP online at the Connecticut Audubon Society's website.
Deer Pond Farm, at 57 Wakeman Hill Road, is one of 20 wildlife sanctuaries owned and managed by Connecticut Audubon, which is the state's largest independent conservation organization.
“We want people from throughout Connecticut to enjoy Deer Pond Farm as much as they enjoy our other great preserves,” said Patrick Comins, Connecticut Audubon's executive director. “Given its size and location, it's a true wildlife sanctuary. Its trails are beautifully designed and marked, so almost everyone can easily experience it.”
Presidential candidates, from left, Antonio Alvarez Desanti of the National Liberation party, Carlos Alvarado Quesada of the Citizen Action party, Rodolfo Hernandez Gomez of the Social Christian Republican party, Rodolfo Piza of the Social Christian Unity party, Juan Diego Castro of the National Integration party, and Fabricio Alvarado of the National Restoration party, stand on the stage before a live, televised debate ahead of the presidential election, in San Jose, Costa Rica, Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. If no candidate tops 40 percent in the Sunday vote, the first two finishers advance to a runoff scheduled for April 1. Arnulfo Franco AP Photo
Just when you thought the Herbalife war was over, billionaires Carl Icahn and Bill Ackman took up battle stations again. Ackman, who has a $1 billion short on Herbalife, fired...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Donald Trump and Ken Frazier during a previous White House meeting
The head of drugs giant Merck has said they are resigning from President Trump's American Manufacturing Council following Charlottesville.
A woman was killed on Saturday when a car rammed into a crowd protesting against a white supremacist rally.
Following the death, Mr Trump was criticised for not specifically denouncing the far right.
Ken Frazier tweeted: "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
"America's leaders must honour our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
In response, Mr Trump tweeted that Mr Frazier would now have "more time to lower rip off drug prices".
Skip Twitter post by @realDonaldTrump Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017 Report
In January, Mr Trump called on pharmaceutical companies to cut "astronomical" drug prices.
In a meeting at the Oval Office, the president met Mr Frazier and other executives from companies such as Johnson & Johnson and Eli Lilly, and told them prices for drugs must come down.
They said if they brought production back to the US, the administration would lower regulations and speed up approval for new medicines.
The White House has rejected criticism of President Trump's response to the violence at the weekend.
Demonstrations and vigils have been held in cities across the United States in support of Charlottesville.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Data: Republican Party ID drops after Trump election 1:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Donald Trump's presidential win was a boon for the Republican Party in Washington, consolidating the GOP's control of the Oval Office, Senate and House of Representatives. But beyond the Beltway, poll data suggests the election has had the opposite effect on the party, pushing voters away.
From November 2016 to November 2017 there was a 5-point drop in the number of people who call themselves Republicans, from 42 percent to 37 percent, according to Gallup. In that same time, the number of people identifying as Democrats stayed flat at 44 percent.
Do the math and a 2-point edge for the Democrats in party identification, 44 percent to 42 percent, has been pushed to 7 points, 44 percent to 37 percent, in just one year. That's getting up into the area that may be a concern for Republicans in the 2018 midterms, where a big swing in party allegiance could lead to a swing in House and Senate seats.
You can see the potential impact of party-switching numbers like those in this year's Virginia governor's race. The exit polls from that race compared to the 2013 election showed Republican affiliation was down 2 points, while Democratic affiliation was up 4 points.
The result? Democrat Ralph Northam won what many thought would be a close race by nine points and Republicans lost 15 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates.
But perhaps just as concerning for the GOP may be how widespread the party defections have been. The numbers have dropped across a wide range of demographic groups — all age groups, different education levels and most racial and ethnic groups.
Among 18- to 34-year-olds, there was a 4-point drop in people identifying as Republicans. With 35- to 55-year-olds the drop was 4 points. And among those older than 55, the drop was 5 points.
College graduates saw a 4-point decline in Republican ID and those without a bachelor's degree saw a 5-point dip.
White, non-Hispanic respondents saw their GOP share drop 5 points. Hispanics saw a 3-point decline. African-Americans actually saw a 1-point increase in their self-identifying Republican population, but the number, 10 percent, is still remarkably low.
To be clear, these drops aren't just due to selecting two points in time; the Gallup data show that since November 2016, there's been a fairly consistent drop in the number of people who identify as Republican or “lean Republican.” And these are important numbers to keep in mind when you see reports about how high Trump's job approval is among Republicans.
Currently, Trump's support among Republicans, 78 percent approval, is in line with normal figures for a first-term president. Barack Obama was at 82 percent approval among Democrats at roughly the same point of their presidency. Bill Clinton was at 76 percent with Democrats at roughly this point.
But as these numbers indicate, that 78 percent approval comes from a smaller group of people. So among people who were “Republicans” when Trump was elected, the approval number is likely lower.
The data also suggest there is one group, in particular, that is a problem for GOP in the Trump era: women, especially white women.
Among women overall, the number identifying as Republican has declined 5 points, to 32 percent from 37 percent, but among white, non-Hispanic women, the drop has been an especially precipitous 7 points, to 41 percent this November from 48 percent in November 2016.
That drop among white, non-Hispanic women coincided with an increase in the same group who now identify as Democrats, and when you put those numbers together you see a flip in the partisan lean of that group.
In November 2016, white women were more likely to identify as Republican than Democrat by 5 points, 48 percent to 43 percent. By November of this year they were more like to say they were Democrats by 5 points, 46 percent to 41 percent.
As 2018 nears and the midterm elections come into focus that could be a real challenge for Republicans. Women traditionally make up a larger part of the electorate than men. And white women could be a crucial factor in the vote in suburban and exurban House districts held by Republicans.
That raises some serious questions for the Republican Party. How will the GOP's congressional leadership handle its members who have been accused of inappropriate behavior toward women? And what happens if Alabama elects accused teen-girl molester Roy Moore to serve as a Republican senator on Tuesday?
The Republican-Democrat gender gap is nothing new in politics. Democrats traditionally hold an edge with women. But these numbers show that the gap is growing wider and is in danger of becoming a chasm. If it gets wide enough, it could pull the GOP down into it.
An 8-year-old girl is suspected of killing a 1-year-old boy at their Michigan day care, according to reports.
Little Korey Brown was found lying in a playpen unresponsive when their mother went to pick them up at Keysha Keepers Daycare, a 24-hour center located inside a private home, Friday morning, media reports said.
Emergency responders tried to resuscitate the child by performing CPR but were unsuccessful. Korey was pronounced dead at 8 a.m.
“I thought I saw everything,” Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis told MLive. “This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it.”
An investigation into the boy's death revealed that adults were at the day care, but it's believed that the boy was left unsupervised for an unknown period of time, Lewis told WZZM13.
Investigators believe that Korey started crying and the 8-year-old girl stepped in, which likely led to the boy's death, Lewis told the WZZM13.
Lewis said Korey had no obvious injuries, but the infant's mother, Bryanna Reasonover, said they noticed bites and bruises on their face.
“It's very frustrating to not know what happened, to know that they were suffering when all they probably wanted was their mommy,” Reasonover said, according to the Detroit Free Press.
The 8-year-old is being interviewed by police, Lewis said.
There were two other children at the day care at the time.
A cause of death was not immediately known.
BROOKINGS, S.D. (AP) - The South Dakota State men's basketball team tops this year's Summit League preseason poll, with the University of South Dakota close behind.
SDSU received 13 first-place votes and USD 12 in the annual poll by league head coaches, sports information directors and media.
North Dakota State is third in the poll, followed by Fort Wayne, Denver, Omaha, Oral Roberts and Western Illinois.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DURHAM, N.C. — To add another twist to a strange season, Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski will step away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks. Associate head coach Jeff Capel will take over in Krzyzewski's absence, starting with a home game Wednesday night against Boston College.
Duke, a consistent national power that prides itself as being above the fray, has tested Krzyzewski this season, with star Grayson Allen tripping a third opponent in a year. Krzyzewski suspended them indefinitely as they and the school came under fire for allowing Allen's serial tripping to go on so long.
Additionally, the Blue Devils have been beset by injuries, as hyped freshmen Harry Giles, Jayson Tatum and Marques Bolden all have been sidelined. Still, No. 8 Duke is 12-2.
So a season of headaches apparently includes a backache, too. Krzyzewski will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace their left knee, repair their left ankle and fix a hernia.
Capel previously took over for Krzyzewski when they missed the trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
The charitable actions of three Wigan youngsters have touched the heart of the borough following the Manchester terror attack.
Millie Woodham, aged six, along with Eden and Freddie Guy, aged five and seven respectively, were out playing when they decided to raise money for the victims of last month's arena bombing which claimed 22 lives and injured scores more.
The three good Samaritans were playing on a grass verge in Winstanley close to their nan's house, but soon returned to retrieve colouring pencils and paper to draw in the sun.
Megan Woodham, Millie's mum, said: “My niece came running in and said ‘the lady said they will give us some pennies'.
“Me and my sister went to check as we thought it was strange that a lady was offering pennies to three young children.” But as the two mums headed outside, they found that their children had been creating hand-drawn pictures and picking plants to sell to passers-by to raise money for the Manchester victims.
Megan added: “As strangers walked past my daughter said ‘hello, we are just wondering if you want to buy some flowers or a picture so we can raise pennies for the Manchester bombing? If you don't have any pennies you can take them for free.'
“Obviously the generous people of Winstanley have helped them to raise some money.”
All in all the charitable youngsters made £6.87 from Winstanley residents in 20 minutes.
“This isn't a lot of money whatsoever, but it's the thought that counts,” added the proud mum.
“These little people should have no idea about the terrorism which is happening so close to home, but they decided they wanted to help all of those affected. “They absolutely melt my heart by what they did.
Megan collected the money and donated it via JustGiving to The British Red Cross Society.
The Red Cross helps people in crisis, whoever and wherever they are.
When there is a crisis in the UK, like a terror attack, it supports the emergency services and local authorities to help those most affected.
It has a network of volunteers and staff trained to support people in these situations with both practical and emotional support.
In Manchester, Red Cross volunteers and staff provided ambulance support to local hospitals, set up a rest centre at the city's Etihad Stadium, and provided practical and emotional support to those affected.
(WFLA) – Wresting Hall of Famer Ric Flair remained hospitalized Monday as their representative made a public plea for prayers.
Over the weekend, Pro Wrestling Sheet reported that the WWE champion had been admitted to a hospital for heart-related issues.
Late Sunday night, Flair's representative, Melinda Morris Zanoni with Legacy Talent, asked for prayers and positive energy for the wrestler.
“Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues,” they said.
On Saturday, they tweeted that the wrestler was in the hospital.
“Yes,Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring.No reason2panic.Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style!”
Flair, age 68, gained fame as a big time wrestler in the late 1970s along with several other wrestlers such as Hulk Hogan, Andre the Giant and ‘Macho Man' Randy Savage. Flair was especially popular for their antics.
Flair was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2008 and retired after a 36-year career. According to their website, Ric Flair's robe, their trunks, and the boots they wore at Wrestlemania XXIV, are all on exhibit at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History in Washington DC.
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Yes,Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring.No reason2panic.Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style! — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 13, 2017
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
T12 R15, Maine — Police say a Maine man died in the North Maine Woods when their pickup truck rolled backward over them and then caught fire.
Police say they responded to the scene in unincorporated Aroostook County about two hours west of Ashland on Tuesday evening. They say 74-year-old Bruce Morang of East Winthrop died shortly after arriving at their camp with their wife.
Police say Morang was leaving the driver side of their truck when it began to roll backward, after which they were knocked to the ground and rolled over. The vehicle then came to a rest after hitting a fire pit.
Police say the pickup appeared to have caught on fire when a cigarette inside ignited the interior, where several oxygen tanks had been located. It was consumed by fire.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
Image caption The building suffered extensive damage in the fire
Police have launched a public appeal after a deliberate fire at a disused care home building in Aberdeenshire.
Fire broke out at Blythewood House in Port Elphinstone on Sunday, and officers said it was suspicious.
The blaze took hold of both floors of the two-storey building in School Road. The incident caused numerous road closures and firefighters were in attendance for several hours.
Police are now urging witnesses to come forward.
Det Con Richard Barnwell said: "We are treating this fire as suspicious and would urge anyone with information or who saw anything unusual or suspicious in the days leading up to the fire to contact us.
"This was an extensive fire which required the attendance of the fire service for several hours. Police also attended and there were numerous road closures in the area while the incident was dealt with.
"We would ask that anyone who saw people at the building or in the area on Sunday or in the days leading up to the fire to contact police".
What to expect from the US take on 'Celebrity Big Brother' The first US version of “Celebrity Big Brother” was a long time coming, says Julie Chen — who announced the news during Thursday night's episode of “Big Brother” on CBS....
TV had a surprising number of ratings wins this summer It's been a particularly strong summer for traditional television — somewhat unusual for a prime-time landscape usually populated by forgettable burnoffs and repeats and increasingly infringed-upon by digital networks. With...
The 'Big Brother' house gets as smelly and gross as you think All 16 contestants entering the “Big Brother” house Wednesday night for the Season 19 premiere will find a newly redecorated structure that's been changed significantly from last season. It's also...
Terrifying video shows scary new spyware in action With the Snowden leaks, Stingray and FBI surveillance planes always in the news, most people just assume that The Man has god-like surveillance capabilities on tap. But the nuts and...
Twerking lady makes an ass of themselves A contestant on British “Big Brother” gave viewers more than they'd bargained for when their skin-tight denim dress gave way on live television this week. Departing contestant Lateysha Grace was being...
'Talk' co-hosts Osbourne, Chen on oversharing and blasting Bieber Geez,, I don't know where to start. I'm sitting at a restaurant table with Julie Chen and Sharon Osbourne in midtown, ostensibly to chat about “The Talk,” which returns Monday...
Summer MVPs: TV's most under-appreciated shows Call them summer's MVPs. They may not generate the social media buzz of “Pretty Little Liars” or get the water-cooler chatter going like the latest season of “True Detective,” but...
Meet the first transgender ‘Big Brother' houseguest Well, that was surprising. Audrey Middleton, a 25-year old digital media consultant from Villa Rica, Ga., will be the first transgender “Big Brother” cast member when the warhorse CBS reality...
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Crawley woman was dragged along a street in Ifield for 100 yards after refusing to let go of their handbag when it was stolen by a thief who was in a car earlier this week.
The 67-year-old victim was walking along Lady Margaret Road at 9.45pm on Monday (May 28) when a green VW Golf drove up alongside them
The male driver initially asked them for directions, but then lent out of the car and grabbed them handbag.
As they drove away, they held on to the bag and was dragged along the road for some 100 yards before having to let go.
The car sped away, its wheels spinning and leaving marks on the road.
A Sussex Police spokesperson said the driver was a man of black appearance, but there is no other description of them at this stage and no registration number for the car.
A Sussex Police spokesperson said the woman was “recovering” following the frightening ordeal.
(Image: Google)
The spokesperson added: “As well as being very shocked, the victim sustained cuts, bruising and grazing, and was treated at the scene by an ambulance crew but declined to go to hospital.
“The handbag contained personal items and a small quantity of cash.”
Detective Sergeant Ian Warncken, of the Crawley Investigations Team at Sussex Police, said: "This was a really distressing experience for the woman, who resisted bravely, but eventually had to let go before they became seriously injured.”
Anyone who witnessed the incident or who has any information as to who the suspect may be, is asked to contact Sussex Police online or by calling 101, quoting serial 1452 of 28/05.
Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
A Georgia college student faces charges after they falsely reported to police that they were raped while on an evening jog, officials said.
Rebekah Lim, 19, was arrested Monday after investigators determined they lied about their May 24 police report, according to the Lumpkin County Sheriff's Office.
Lim, who is enrolled at the University of North Georgia, called 911 and said that a man raped them when running on the Lake Zwerner Reservoir Trail in Dahlonega, Georgia.
Authorities responded to the call and searched the area, but were not able to find any evidence. After reviewing cell phone logs and video surveillance, investigators discovered that Lim was never at the trail at the time they alleged and falsely reported the rape.
“Investigators were unable to locate any evidence, suspects or witnesses to indicate the crime had taken place,” Lumpkin County Sheriff's Office said in a press release.
Lim was charged with making false statements and writings and concealment of facts. They were taken into custody at Lumpkin County Detention Center.
Why it matters to you Microsoft may not have the greatest track record on PC over the past decade, but it's looking to improve that moving forward with some major changes to console ports.
With Microsoft's recent push to see many games playable just about anywhere, you might imagine there would be one platform somewhere that was better than the others. That's not something Microsoft itself wants to see, though, and the firm has announced at this year's E3 gaming show that it will endeavor to make all of its games play equally well on the Xbox and the PC.
Although for decades there have been mountains of mud slung by gamers of various camps about why their chosen system or platform is the best, gaming today is much more universal. While there are exclusives, they are far less common and more often games are multi-platform and can be streamed to and from various devices. That's a push Microsoft has been part of in recent years and as it expands its Xbox into a service as much as a hardware choice, it promises to make sure there is parity across its platforms.
Crucially, that means that Microsoft wants to ditch the age-old system of porting. Indeed two upcoming games, Sea of Thieves and Forza Motorsport 7, will not be ported in the traditional sense. Instead, as TechSpot points out, the two versions of the game are being developed in parallel. The plan is to offer the game on both platforms with comparable features and performance.
This will mean a lowering of the minimum requirements to run the games, which should make them more inclusive for gamers playing on weaker hardware on PC. While that could give those on higher-end systems pause, Microsoft has clarified that it wants to build a base game parity across systems, while still providing options for those with more powerful PCs and graphics hardware to really push the games to the limit.
Scalability on the Xbox platform could have some benefit on the console itself, too, since Microsoft will be spreading its latest generation across three hardware configurations when it launches the Xbox One X this fall. It will want to make sure games play just as well on the original Xbox One, the One S and the One X, despite their hardware differences.
Ending Extreme Poverty: Wives Of African Leaders Honours Jose Foundation
The Coalition of Wives of Presidents and Vice Presidents in Africa for Peace (COWAP) has honoured Nigerian international humanitarian organisation, Jose Foundation for its efforts and philanthropic activities in championing the cause of women and children in ending extreme poverty in Africa. The award was given to the humanitarian organisation at COWAP Innovation Gala and […]
The post Ending Extreme Poverty: Wives Of African Leaders Honours Jose Foundation appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Trump quoted Gowdy as saying, "There are a lot of good lawyers in the country, they could have picked somebody else!"
Trump then added, "And I wish I did!"
Trump's tweets came just hours after The New York Times reported that Trump had, in March 2017, asked Sessions to reverse their decision to recuse themselves from all federal investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Sessions' decision to recuse themselves ultimately resulted in the appointment of former FBI Director Robert Mueller as a special counsel to oversee a probe that includes investigating possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
The Times' report Tuesday also described Sessions as a "key witness" in the probe into whether Trump had attempted to obstruct justice.
Trump has repeatedly attacked their attorney general in public and in private for giving up control of an investigation they claim is a partisan "witch hunt" — and said previously that they regret hiring Sessions.
In July 2017, they told The Times that "Sessions should have never recused himself, and if they were going to recuse himself, they should have told me before they took the job and I would have picked somebody else."
The barrage of criticism marks a stark fall from grace for Sessions, who was once one of Trump's staunchest allies on the campaign trail and who had been the first sitting senator to endorse Trump's presidential bid.
The president has also, in recent weeks, accused the Department of Justice of having inserted a “spy” inside their campaign — even nicknaming the alleged situation "Spygate."
But Gowdy, who also sits on the House Judiciary and House Intelligence Committees, also pushed back on that particular Trump claim Wednesday — and said they had seen no evidence to support it.
"That is not a term I've ever used in the criminal justice system. Undercover informant, confidential informant, those are all words I'm familiar with. I've never heard the term 'spy' used," they told “CBS This Morning.”
When asked specifically whether he's seen any evidence of a spy having been “inserted into the campaign,” Gowdy replied, "I have not."
"That's an espionage term, that's not a law enforcement term," they added.
"Based on what I have seen, I don't know what the FBI could've done or should've done other than run out a lead that someone loosely connected with the campaign was making assertions about Russia,” Gowdy continued, after being asked whether they felt the FBI had “acted properly.”
“I would think you would want the FBI to find out whether or not there was any validity to what those people were saying,” Gowdy said, adding that he's never met or talked with Trump.
Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., said on CNN that they were "grateful" to Gowdy for publicly debunking Trump's spy theory.
"Frankly, this undermines the United States around the world. It suggests that we have a national leader who traffics in conspiracy theories," Coons, a member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, said. "So, I'm frankly grateful to Congressman Gowdy that they have stepped forward and made such a clear and forceful statement."
Young Kenyan men hang out in front of closed shops in Nairobi's Kibera slum Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga urged their supporters to skip work on Monday to protest what they charged were rigged elections that gave victory to President Uhuru Kenyatta. The government denounced violent demonstrations as unlawful and urged Kenyans to return to their jobs. Jerome Delay AP Photo
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
NEW YORK — A U.S. Senator is criticizing the director of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for an apparent financial conflict of interest that the senator says may prevent the director from doing their job.
Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald became director of the Atlanta-based CDC in July, and was required to sell a range of stocks they owned, including beer and soda companies, the tobacco company Philip Morris International, and much health care companies such as vaccine manufacturers.
"I've done everything that they've requested, in a timely manner as they've requested," Fitzgerald said Monday in an interview with The Associated Press. "My financial people tell me we have now sold all the stocks."
Brenda Fitzgerald, then-Georgia Department of Public Health commissioner, left, and Gov. Nathan Deal respond to questions about Ebola victims under treatment at Emory University Hospital on Oct. 16, 2014, in Atlanta. David Tulis / AP
But last week, Sen. Patty Murray wrote Fitzgerald saying she's concerned about unresolved financial holdings noted in Fitzgerald's ethics agreement with U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CDC is part of HHS.
The agreement notes Fitzgerald is unable to divest from certain investments that could prevent them from talking about cancer and prescription drug monitoring programs, wrote Murray, a Democrat from Washington.
"I am concerned that you cannot perform the role of CDC Director while being largely recused from matters pertaining to cancer and opioids, two of the most pervasive and urgent health challenges we face as a country," wrote Murray, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Committee of Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, which oversees the CDC.
Related: Big Tobacco finally tells the truth in court-ordered ad campaign
They called on Fitzgerald to release more information and to meet with the committee about the issue.
Public health leaders have noted Fitzgerald has kept an unusually low profile since becoming CDC director. Fitzgerald says she's simply wanted time to learn about the agency, but also said they bowed out of an Oct. 5 Congressional hearing on opioids due to a financial conflict of interest.
Fitzgerald said their stock purchases had been handled by two financial management companies and that they hadn't been aware of particular holdings until they were raised to them by ethics compliance officials at HHS. They said their stock sales have been completed since the October hearing.
HHS and CDC officials did not provide a copy of Fitzgerald's ethics agreement to the AP, and did not respond to questions about Murray's concerns.
Related: Disease cures don't come cheap. Is the U.S. spending wisely?
CDC, the nation's top public health agency, is the only federal agency headquartered outside of Washington, D.C. It has nearly 12,000 employees, and about three-quarters of them are based in the Atlanta area.
Fitzgerald, 71, was a long-time obstetrician-gynecologist in the Atlanta area, a former major in the U.S. Air Force, and campaigned twice, unsuccessfully, as a Republican candidate for Congress in the 1990s. They led Georgia's state health department for six years before being tapped for the CDC job.
People who've met with them say that in small groups or personal meetings they can be gregarious, and they were a prominent spokesperson on health issues in the past.
But since Fitzgerald took office, they have skipped important public health meetings and bowed out of at least one Congressional hearing. For months, they declined nearly all media interviews, and was absent from the kind of flu vaccination promotions that traditionally star CDC directors.
Fitzgerald said they were traveling or had other scheduling conflicts during many of those events.
South Korean prosecutors said Monday the daughter of the confidante of disgraced President Park Geun-hye has been arrested in Denmark and authorities are working to get them returned home in connection with a huge corruption scandal.
Park was impeached last month by lawmakers amid public fury over prosecutors' allegations that the president conspired to allow their longtime friend, Choi Soon-sil, to extort companies and control the government.
Denmark police arrested Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, on the weekend on charges of staying their illegally.
South Korea had asked Interpol to search for Chung because they didn't return home to answer questions about the scandal.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that Chung, a former member of the national equestrian team, allegedly took advantage of their mother's relationship with Park to get unwarranted favors from Seoul's Ewha Womans University.
We now know the next stop for the United States on their road to the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
The USMNT will host a tune-up for World Cup qualifying on June 3 at Rio Tinto Stadium in Sandy, Utah when the USMNT will face Venezuela (10 p.m. ET, FS1), U.S. Soccer announced Monday.
The match will serve as a crucial warm-up before the USMNT embarks on back-to-back World Cup qualifiers in the following week. The USMNT hosts Trinidad & Tobago in Colorado on June 8 as World Cup qualifying resumes, and then go to Mexico on June 11.
Venezuela represents an opponent that should offer a decent enough test, but still be beatable. The USMNT is 3-0-1 in the head-to-head series and being able to enter their two June qualifiers with the confidence of a win over Venezuela would be a good boost. Venezuela is ranked 58 in the world as of FIFA's latest rankings while the USMNT is ranked 23.
Real Salt Lake's home stadium has also historically been a comfortable place for the USMNT to play. They won all three of their previous matches there, including a pair of wins in World Cup qualifying.
The USMNT heads into their June qualifiers in fourth place of the CONCACAF World Cup qualifying table. Trinidad & Tobago are in last place and the USMNT will be looking for three points there. El Tri sit atop the table and going to Mexico and getting points will be tough for the USMNT, but they are also still trying to rebound from their two opening losses under ousted coach Jurgen Klinsmann that put them in a hole.
MORE FROM FOX SOCCER
“I pray that Acting Attorney General Rosenstein will follow the brilliant and courageous example of the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility and Attorney General Jeff Sessions and bring an end to alleged Russia Collusion investigation manufactured by McCabe's boss James Comey based upon a fraudulent and corrupt Dossier,” Dowd said.
Related: McCabe: Trump wants to destroy me to stop Mueller probe
Dowd went on to clarify that they were not calling for Mueller to be fired, but that they want the investigation to end in light of "revelations" after McCabe's termination.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions accepted the FBI's recommendation to fire McCabe Friday, after an internal Justice Department review concluded that they made "an unauthorized disclosure" to media and "lacked candor" on multiple occasions.
McCabe swiftly hit back, arguing that they were fired as a part of "this administration's ongoing war on the FBI and the efforts of the special counsel investigation."
Attorney John Dowd enters Manhattan federal court in 2011. Richard Drew / AP
Dowd's comments Saturday add fuel to the firestorm surrounding the FBI deputy director's termination, which some Democrats and former members of the intelligence community are likening to a political hit-job.
McCabe has since hired Michael Bromwich, a former inspector general of the Justice Department, as their lawyer to represent them in the firing. The Daily Beast was first to report the news.
Bromwich called McCabe's termination a "deplorable rush to judgment," purely for political gain.
"This distortion of the process begins at the very top, with the President's repeated offensive, drive-by Twitter attacks on Mr. McCabe," Bromwich wrote.
They later noted, "it should make all federal government employees, who continue to work in an Administration that insults, debases, and abuses them, shudder in the knowledge that they could be next."
Related: Trump's gripes against McCabe included wife's politics, Comey's ride home
Trump has previously tweeted attacks against McCabe's credibility on the basis that their wife, Jill, received donations from Democrats during an unsuccessful 2015 bid for state office in Virginia.
In a phone call, Trump also suggested McCabe ask their wife how it feels to be "a loser," in an apparent dig at their wife's unsuccessful campaign.
Trump continued along those lines in a tweet Saturday, alleging that media is "beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired."
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife's campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2018
Dowd told NBC News they decided to speak out on the issue "in a personal capacity," stressing that their remarks were not reflective of President Trump's beliefs.
But despite the clarification, Dowd's call to end the investigation left some Democrats concerned that Mueller's ongoing Russia investigation could be threatened.
Mark Warner, D-Va., vice chair of the Senate's Select Committee on Intelligence, focused on the point in a tweet Saturday.
"Every member of Congress, Republican and Democrat, needs to speak up in defense of the Special Counsel. Now," they wrote.
And some Republicans also warned Trump to steer clear of meddling with the Mueller probe.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., said on "Fox News Sunday" that if the president is innocent, they should "act like it."
"If you've done nothing wrong, you should want the investigation to be as fulsome and thorough as possible,” said Gowdy, a former federal prosecutor and chairperson of the House Oversight committee.
Governor Bevin signed the bill into law during a ceremony at Gibbs (WFIE)
Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin wrapped up a bill signing ceremony at Gibbs Die Casting Corporation on Wednesday.
This new law now allows companies like Gibbs to haul more of its material on Kentucky roadways, making them more competitive with neighboring states.
Governor Bevin signed the bill into law during a ceremony at Gibbs.
The Governor said by moving more product at one time, companies can now compete with other states and hopefully get more contracts, hire more people, and move more cash around into the local economy.
Governor Bevin said companies in other states won't be beating Kentucky businesses on price.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
China central bank adviser calls for 6%-7% growth target range
China should set a more flexible 2017 economic growth target to give policymakers more room to enact reform, according to Huang Yiping, an adviser to the People's Bank of China.
They proposed a range of 6 percent to 7 percent for this year, compared with the 6.5 percent to 7 percent objective in 2016, the official Xinhua News Agency reported. Last year's target, the first range in two decades, was down from 7 percent for 2015.
The country's leaders also have a longer-term objective. President Xi Jinping has said they want expansion to average at least 6.5 percent in the five years through 2020 to achieve the Communist Party promise of building a “moderately prosperous society” by that year with gross domestic product and income levels double those of 2010.
“The 6.5 percent target is just an average rate,” Huang, an economics professor at Peking University, told Xinhua in an interview published late Sunday. “As long as employment is stable, a slightly wider growth target range in the short term will reduce the need for pro-growth efforts and give policymakers more room to focus on reforms.”
Huang said a large number of “zombie companies” remain economically inviable yet still manage to survive on government and bank assistance, bringing down the overall efficiency of resource allocation in the economy.
Smooth Re-balancing
In addition to slowing growth and rising debt, top officials are also trying to manage a smooth re-balancing from the old growth drivers such as manufacturing and construction as new ones like consumption struggle to compensate. Meanwhile, policymakers are focusing more on safeguarding the financial system.
Preventing and controlling financial risk to avoid asset bubbles will be a priority for 2017, along with deepening supply-side structural reform, top party officials said recently after their annual gathering of the Central Economic Work Conference to decide on policy goals.
Xi is open to growth below the 6.5 percent target due to rising debt and concern about an uncertain global environment after Donald Trump's U.S. election win, a person familiar with the situation told Bloomberg News last month. Hitting the target isn't needed if doing so is too risky, said the person, who asked not to be named because the discussions were private.
China is poised to abandon its longer-term growth target in the next two years as leaders push to contain asset bubbles and financial leverage, Yao Wei, chief China economist at Société Générale SA in Paris, wrote in a report last week. They said the 6.5 percent goal will likely be lowered to a range of 6 percent to 6.5 percent, or even 5.5 percent to 6.5 percent.
The post China central bank adviser calls for 6%-7% growth target range appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A pair of break-dancing thieves assaulted and robbed a 65-year-old straphanger on a southbound “F” train in Manhattan, police said Friday.
The two suspects were busting a move in the first car of the train around 7:20 p.m. Sunday when they turned their attention to the victim, according to cops.
They punched the man repeatedly in the face, ripped the watch off their wrist and grabbed their dropped cellphone off the floor before fleeing at the Rockefeller Center stop, officials said.
The bruised victim was able to continue riding to their work place, where they called police, according to investigators.
One suspect is described as wearing a red hooded sweatshirt, blue pants and a black bookbag; the other was dressed in a a gray sweatshirt with an American flag on the front and black pants.
MASON — A new recorder has been appointed for the Town of Mason, following the resignation of present Recorder Ciji Casto.
Council members appointed Christy McDonald to fill the unexpired term, after Casto's resignation was accepted during Thursday's council meeting. Casto cited their reason for resigning, effective Oct. 7, as moving out of the municipality.
Three people had expressed interest in the recorder position, and following an executive session, the council was polled for a vote. One council member was not able to vote due to the close family relationship with an applicant. The vote ended in a tie, with Mayor Donna Dennis breaking it to appoint McDonald.
Also discussed at the meeting was the Oct. 14 Harvest Festival, set for noon to 4 p.m. at the Stewart-Johnson V.F.W./Lottie Jenks Memorial Park. Councilman Ricky Kearns, who is over recreation, reported 17 vendors have signed up to sell food or merchandise. They said with that large number of vendors, coupled with the high cost of renting portable basketball equipment, the 3-on-3 tournament scheduled has now been cancelled.
In other recreation news, it was noted the town now has several residents signed up for its fall and Halloween outdoor decorating contest. Judging will take place Oct. 24, with Oct. 20 being the deadline to enter. Cash prizes of $50 for first place and $25 for second place will be given in each division.
Mayor Dennis also announced Oct. 26 from 6 to 7 p.m. as trick-or-treat, and Dec. 2 at noon as the Christmas parade. Santa will visit with the children after the parade in the city building.
In other action, the council:
Discussed people burning in town and the need for them to obtain a permit from the town hall prior to burning;
Heard from resident Donna Vickers regarding a property where grass is limiting visibility on the roadway;
Discussed dilapidated properties;
Announced Oct. 26 as the pre-bid meeting for the sewer upgrade project;
Discussed people mowing grass into the roadway, with council agreeing to begin next year giving out citations; and,
Heard from the mayor regarding available funding for a water upgrade project in a portion of Clifton.
Attending were Mayor Dennis, Recorder Casto, and council members Ricky Kearns, Sharon Kearns, Marty Yeager, Emily Henry and Becky Pearson.
The next meeting will be Oct. 19 at noon.
http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2017/10/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-3.jpg
By Mindy Kearns Special to the Register
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing, email them at mindykearns1@hotmail.com.
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing, email them at mindykearns1@hotmail.com.
After gives away THOUSANDS of backpacks filled with school supplies to Chicago students, Chance The Rapper kept on giving! The rapper hosted free rides and free tickets to all Chicagoans from teachers to dads to a surprise invite-only #BBBash show joined by Future and Jeremih. It was such a success Obama even had a message for him!
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
1:55 First bass go into repaired Ocmulgee Public Fishing Area
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
3:08 Donald Trump's Inauguration in three minutes
1:42 String player serenades homeless on Valentine's Day
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
This never had happened before. Look, I grew up a sports fan in the extreme. I was obsessive. And cared way too much. I had my heroes, you bet, and...
U.S. drug distributor Cardinal Health said on Tuesday it would buy medical device maker Medtronic's medical supplies businesses for $6.1 billion in cash.
Continue Reading Below
Cardinal Health is acquiring the patient care, deep vein thrombosis and nutritional insufficiency units from Medtronic.
The businesses encompass 23 product categories across multiple market settings, including brands such as Curity, Kendall, Dover, Argyle and Kangaroo.
Cardinal Health said it would finance the acquisition with cash and $4.5 billion in new debt.
(Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Image caption Three weeks ago Rhun ap Iorwerth said they had no plans to challenge Leanne Wood
Rhun ap Iorwerth has launched a bid for the Plaid Cymru leadership.
The Ynys Mon AM and former BBC Wales journalist will be taking on incumbent Leanne Wood for the job.
They said members from across Wales had encouraged them to stand. Ms Wood, who has been leader since 2012, has vowed to fight on and become first minister.
It means leadership contests are now underway in four of the five parties represented in the Welsh Assembly.
There have been mounting calls within Plaid Cymru for a leadership challenge, with a window for potential candidates closing at midnight on Wednesday.
Mr ap Iorwerth previously said they had no plans to challenge Ms Wood for their job.
The AM launched their campaign in a social media video on Wednesday, saying Ms Wood had invited a debate on the leadership and that supporters and party members across Wales had "encouraged me to allow my name to go forward".
They said: "That encouragement has come from people at all elected levels, but mainly from ordinary party members, including some who, I'm quite sure, will back Leanne!"
Mr ap Iorwerth said they were accepting the nominations in the spirit of a "constructive debate" that can "energise the party and the country".
"My commitment is to Wales, and to a fairer and more prosperous future for the country," they said.
"Plaid Cymru has to lead the way to that new, confident Wales, and over the coming weeks we can discuss openly and democratically how best to deliver the most effective and most exciting leadership for the party and the nation."
Image caption Leanne Wood has been leader of Plaid Cymru since 2012
Before joining the assembly, Mr ap Iorwerth was a reporter and presenter for BBC Wales, and presented Newyddion 9 on S4C.
They became an AM in a by-election in 2013, succeeding former Plaid leader Ieuan Wyn Jones who stepped down from the assembly to run a science park.
Earlier in June Mr ap Iorwerth told a press conference that they had "no plans and neither does anyone else have plans to put their name forward in that particular window".
Subsequently, they were nominated by their Ynys Mon constituency party to run for the leadership but did not immediately state their intentions.
Image caption Adam Price called on Leanne Wood to agree to share the job of Plaid Cymru leader with a man
Mr ap Iorwerth's declaration comes after Adam Price, the AM for Carmarthen East and Dinefwr, said they would challenge Leanne Wood if they did not agree to a co-leadership model.
On Tuesday Ms Wood rejected the proposal and said it was a matter for the membership.
They have said they would welcome a leadership challenge, and has promised to resign after the 2021 assembly election if they do not become first minister.
Mr Price, a former MP, has also been urged by their local party to stand.
Three other Plaid Cymru AMs signed a letter calling for a challenge to Leanne Wood's leadership.
Elfyn Llwyd, former Plaid Parliamentary leader, told a BBC Radio Cymru podcast that the party should need new leadership and direction.
Point spread and odds for each Wild Card game in the 2017 NFL Playoffs.
After a grueling regular season, the start of the 2017 NFL Playoffs sits just six days away. The 12 teams ready to vie for a Super Bowl championship have been settled and now it's time to get on the road to Houston for the big game. That all starts on Saturday, Jan. 7 and Sunday, Jan. 8 with the Wild Card Round getting underway between the No. 3-6 seeds in both the AFC and NFC.
Looking at many of these matchups, three of the four games are rematches from what we saw at one point in the regular season. What's interesting, though, is that all three of these rematches have a completely different feel about them. Subsequently, it's almost not even worth it to consider what happened in the first meeting between the two teams now meeting in the Wild Card Round. Everything's different in the NFL Playoffs.
So to gather where teams sit entering the 2017 NFL Playoffs and how they match up with their Wild Card Round opponents, perhaps the best thing to do is see what the oddsmakers have to say. After all, those in Vegas usually have a strong finger on the pulse.
With that in mind, let's look at the point spread, odds, and more for each of the four Wild Card matchups to start the 2017 NFL Playoffs (all odds per 5Dimes):
More from NFL Spin Zone
Oakland Raiders at Houston Texans (Sat., Jan. 7 – 4:35 p.m. ET)
Point Spread: Texans -2.5; Moneyline: Texans -150, Raiders +130; O/U: 37
There's admittedly not a great deal of excitement for this one and it's hard really to conjure any. Derek Carr isn't going to play for the Raiders and Matt McGloin might be out as well. That leaves Connor Cook to face off with Brock Osweiler after Tom Savage suffered a concussion in Week 17. Given Osweiler's experience, though, this line seems right as slightly in favor of Houston.
Detroit Lions at Seattle Seahawks (Sat. Jan. 7 – 8:30 p.m. ET)
Point Spread: Seahawks -7.5; Moneyline: Seahawks -320, Lions +260; O/U: 43
Though this line reportedly hasn't moved since opening, it feels like this is an overcorrection. Sure, the Seahawks might be the better team than the Lions. But a full touchdown—and a half point—better? I'm not so sure about that. Seattle is a flawed team every bit as much as Detroit is. This should be much closer as I think this game winds up being incredibly close.
Miami Dolphins at Pittsburgh Steelers (Sun., Jan. 8 – 1:05 p.m. ET)
Point Spread: Steelers -10; Moneyline: Steelers -420, Dolphins +335; O/U: 47.5
When the Dolphins and Steelers met earlier in the season, Ben Roethlisberger suffered their knee injury and Pittsburgh looked all kinds of discombobulated before and after the injury. However, now it's Miami with quarterback woes as Matt Moore starts again for the injured Ryan Tannehill. In the end, this line might be a little high, but isn't far from being right with a healthy Pittsburgh team and the banged-up Fins.
New York Giants at Green Bay Packers (Sun., Jan. 8 – 4:40 p.m. ET)
Point Spread: Packers -4; Moneyline: Packers -175, Giants +155; O/U: 44
Of the four Wild Card games in the 2017 NFL Playoffs, this is reportedly the line that moved the most drastically. In some places, Green Bay opened as favorites by a full touchdown or more and the line has moved this far down due to heavy money on New York. The spread might be a bit low, but that's what happens with a hot team like the Giants. It's worth noting, though, that the Packers beat the Giants by seven points earlier in the season when both teams were struggling.
There is sure to be more movement in these lines and odds throughout the next week simply because there always is when it comes to these things. Right out of the gate, though, this gives a good idea of how these games are viewed and what the expected outcome is initially. But if there's one thing this regular season taught us, it's to expect the unexpected. So we should do the same in the 2017 NFL Playoffs.
This article originally appeared on
A petition calling for action to be taken against Sergio Ramos for the challenge that injured Mohamed Salah in the Champions League final has reached its original target of 500,000 signatures.
Salah lasted just half an hour of Liverpool's 3-1 defeat to Real Madrid in Kiev after being forced off with a suspected dislocated shoulder sustained in a battle for the ball with opposition captain Ramos.
Replays showed Ramos had hold of Salah's arm as they fell to the ground, pulling the Egypt international down with them and - in the opinion of the petition's author - causing the injury.
The petition, which was expanded on Wednesday to call for one million signatures, is addressed to UEFA and FIFA and also criticises Ramos' alleged play-acting during the final.
"Sergio Ramos represents an awful example to future generations of football players," reads the petition description on Change.org. "Instead of winning matches fairly, they use tricks that defy the spirit of the game and fair play.
"UEFA and FIFA should take measures against Ramos and similar players, using the video recordings of matches to keep the spirit of the game."
An Egyptian lawyer launched a €1billion lawsuit against Ramos on Monday, but Salah is confident they will be ready for the World Cup.
Liverpool physio Ruben Pons thinks the forward, who has travelled to Spain for treatment, will be out of action for approximately three weeks.
Egypt begin their Group A campaign against Uruguay in Ekaterinburg on June 15.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
It's been a rough winter and you really need a break. Whether you prefer a sunny beach destination or some fun on the slopes, you have plenty of options for your late winter/early spring getaway.
“There are a lot of great deals on hotel rooms and airfare right now, even though spring break is a popular time to travel,” said Christie Hudson, communications director at Expedia. “And if you can go outside of spring break — especially for popular destinations like Hawaii and Orlando — and Easter, you'll get even better deals.”
Expedia crunched the data and found that for many popular ski and snowboarding destinations, including Mammoth Lakes, Calif., Vail, Colo. and Whistler in Canada, the cheapest hotel rates are in February and March. If you're headed for a beach resort in Mexico, you can save hundreds of dollars by bundling your flight and hotel when you book, Expedia found.
NBC News BETTER contacted travel experts to get other money-saving ideas. Here are a few you might want to consider:
Finding Your Flights
Internet travel agencies, such as Momondo, Kayak, Hipmunk, Expedia, Travelocity, and Google.com/flights, make it easy to compare airfares when booking a flight. Keep in mind: You won't find prices and you cannot buy tickets for Southwest Airlines on these aggregator sites.
“If your goal is to save money and you're headed to a place where Southwest flies — and they recently expanded into Mexico and the Caribbean markets — you should go to the Southwest website,” said Steve Danishek at TMA Travel in Seattle. “And keep in mind, Southwest fares include taxes and fees and they don't charge for checked luggage.”
When to Book
Despite all the hype, there is no “best time” to buy your airline tickets for every destination. FareCompare recommends Tuesdays at about 3 p.m. Eastern Time “because many airlines release weekly airfare sales in the early morning hours of Tuesday, and by mid-afternoon, competing airlines have matched sale prices”
According to the 2018 Air Travel Outlook Report from the Airlines Reporting Corporation, the optimal time to shop for flights is a Sunday, at least 30 days in advance. That same report found that February is the cheapest month for international flights from the U.S., making it a good time to head to Mexico.
One thing travel experts agree on: The cheapest days to fly domestically are Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Fridays and Sundays tend to be the most expensive. For international travel, mid-week flights are typically cheaper than weekends.
WTB IR Defense MK II 35mm I would like to buy a "gently used" MK II 35mm.
Two more vehicles have been broken into, following a spate of similar incidents in the wider Naas area this month.
About €50 in cash was taken from a car parked outside a house at The Gables, Kill, between 10pm on April 16 and 10am on April 17. The driver's window was broken during the incident.
At Embassy Manor, Kill, a van was targeted between 6pm on April 15 and 10am on April 17. The back window was smashed and a quantity of items, including drills and power toowls were taken. The tools, some bearing the Dewalt and Hitachi brand names, are valued at €1,700.
Ghanaian film director, writer, and producer. Shirley Frimpong Manso won the award for best Narrative Feature Film in the just ended Silicon Valley African Film Festival in San Francisco Bay Area of California.
Them new movie POTATO POTAHTO, alongside an Ethiopian Movie God's Bridge by Girum Ermyas Gebereselassie were both crowned Narrative Feature Film of the year.
‘POTATO Potahto”, an African marital comedy of errors, based in Ghana and directed by one of Africa's best known female directors, Shirley Frimpong Manso, took the centre stage at the just concluded Cannes film festival, France when it was premiered.
London based Ghanaian soul/jazz singer Sutra and director Edem Dotse also made Ghana proud as they were both honoured with Special Recognition Award for Achievement in Narrative Short for their Waves/The Water music video.
Waves/The Water (#W) is a visual narrative or film that merges two songs off their 2016 mixtape The Art of Being.
The Silicon Valley African Film Festival (SVAFF) promotes an understanding and appreciation of Africa and Africans through moving images.
Aptly themed “Africa through the African lens”, it is the only film festival in California that is exclusively focused on films made by African filmmakers and, crucially, provides audiences with exquisite lenses to the real Africa.
The festival recognizes and celebrates the creation and discovery of cinematic art and innovation, and provides the San Francisco Bay Area community access to the richness, diversity and vitality of Africa's creative expressions through the lenses of Africa's seasoned and emerging filmmakers.
SVAFF has built a substantial following and has become an annual destination film event that draws out of state and international guests.
2017 SVAFF Awards List
Festival Awards
EMERGING FILMMAKER AWARD – NADA IBRAHIM (FINDING ME) Egypt
NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM AWARD – SHIRLEY FRIMPONG – MANSO (POTATO POTAHTO) Ghana and GIRUM ERMYAS GEBERESELASSIE (GOD'S BRIDGE) Ethiopia
NARRATIVE SHORT FILM AWARD – KENI OGUNLOLA (LODGERS) Nigeria
DOCUMENTARY FEATURE LENGTH AWARD – SONIA TERRAB (SHAKEAPEARE IN CASABLANCA) Morocco
DOCUMENTARY SHORT LENGTH AWARD – OBIANUJUAKU AKUKWE (AFIA ATTACK) Nigeria
ANIMATION AWARD – STEPHEN SHIMA LOSUN (CRUSH) Nigeria
Diaspora Spotlight Awards
DIASPORA NARRATIVE SHORT AWARD – SEWRA G. KIDANE (PROCLAMATION PUNCTUATION)and XAVIER BURGIN (ON TIME)
DIASPORA DOCUMENTARY SHORT FILM AWARD – ELI JACOBS-FANTAUZZI (DANCE WITH YOUR HEART)
Special Recognition Awards
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM – ARIAM WELDEAB (FORGIVENESS FOR WHOM?) Eritrea
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM – SHEMU JOYAH (THE ROAD TO SUNSHINE) Malawi
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE FEATURE FILM – ARNOLD AGANZE (N.G.O. NOTHING GOING ON) Uganda
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE SHORT FILM – LUNGELO KUZWAYO (SAWUBONA) South Africa
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE SHORT FILM – CONT DE MONK (ZAWAJA GALI) South Sudan
ACHIEVEMENT IN NARRATIVE SHORT – SUTRA AND EDEM DOTSE (WAVES/THE WATER) Ghana
ACHIEVEMENT IN ANIMATION FILM – GATUMIA GATUMIA (KURA) Kenya
ACHIEVEMENT IN DOCUMENTARY SHORT FILM – MAY YAM (HEALING HANDS) Namibia / USA
ACHIEVEMENT IN DOCUMENTARY SHORT FILM – OLUWASEUN BABALOLA (REPRESENT (SOJU) Nigeria / USA
BBC The Premier League Show
Gabby Logan hosts the weekly magazine programme, featuring in-depth interviews with the biggest Premier League stars.
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Fire investigators are still trying to figure out who set the Powerhouse Bar and Grill on fire, but WKBN learned Friday that there could have been a break-in prior to it lighting up.
According to a Warren Police report filed after the fire had already been put out, investigators with the State Fire Marshal's office discovered some of the machines inside had been damaged, likely before the fire even started.
The report states that an unknown person or persons entered the Powerhouse through the back kitchen door at about 3:15 a.m., roughly an hour before the fire started.
Two sweepstakes machines were tampered with, and the cash collectors were missing.
The fire has been ruled arson.
Warren Fire Chief Ken Nussle said investigators found multiple locations inside where the fire originated.
Anyone with information on the crime is asked to call the State Fire Marshal's Fire and Explosion Investigation Bureau Tipline at 1-800-589-2728.
Chief Nussle said investigators have received some information, but they're still looking for more.
PHILADELPHIA — A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that they don't have jurisdiction over the matter. They say only the state Supreme Court can decide that.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from their case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending them to prison for the probation violations.
They have strongly defended their impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
——
This story has been corrected to show the judge didn't address retrial, only removal of other judge.
RIYADH: Prince Sultan bin Salman on Tuesday announced the winners of the Souq Okaz prizes for the 11th session, which will open next month in Taif under the patronage of King Salman.
Prince Sultan, president of the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage (SCTH) and the head of the supervisory committee of Souq Okaz, announced the winners' names at a press conference in Taif, where they also provided details on activities during the upcoming festival.
The winners in various categories include Mohammed Abdullah Al-Turki (Saudi) for Arabic poetry (classic), SR300,000 ($80,001); Mohammed Said Al-Rashidi (Saudi) for Arabic story narration, SR100,000; Iman Saad Al-Zahrani (Saudi) for innovation, SR100,000; Ithra Investment Group, Nuha Anwar Al-Yusuf (Saudi) for entrepreneurship, SR200,000; and Tariq Mohammed Sumaili (Saudi) for youth poet, SR100,000. The prize for Arabic calligraphy (total SR100,000) was shared by Hafiz Mohammed (Bangladeshi, SR50,000), Ahmed Rafat Ahmed (Egyptian, SR30,000) and Yasir Mahmoud Ibrahim (SR20,000).
Prince Sultan expressed appreciation to King Salman for their care for national heritage projects, notably Souq Okaz for its historic and cultural importance.
They noted that the SCTH's efforts toward Souq Okaz have expanded to cover other projects such as the Okaz City project, to which the National Transformation Program (NTP) 2020 has allocated a budget of SR775 million under the “Jadat Al-Mustaqbal,” and similar heritage projects.
Moreover, the SCTH has embarked on preparing development projects for Souq Okaz in a bid to convert it into a cultural and tourist destination for the whole year, in cooperation with its partners in government agencies in Taif, they added.
The 11th edition of Souq Okaz will witness more than 100 functions in addition to contests and tourist journeys that will provide a unique experience to visitors. The events will also include a number of historical and cultural functions including Arabic poetry, theater performances, market shows, poetry of the early days of Islam, Arabic-language challenges, sports shows, horse and camel convoys, handicrafts, and light and sound presentations, they said.
Furthermore, the SCTH will organize 50 journeys under the “Live Saudi Arabia” program where 2,500 students from all regions will benefit, with the participation of 65 tourist guides and 10 journey organizers, they said.
Additionally, Souq Okaz will witness 10 cultural symposia, five nights of Arabic classical poetry, 10 cultural workshops, an Arabic calligraphy show, a fine art corner, the Okaz library, an ancient and Islamic inscription show, and a tent for storytellers under the supervision of the King Abdul Aziz Foundation for Research and Archives (Darah).
RIYADH: Prince Sultan bin Salman on Tuesday announced the winners of the Souq Okaz prizes for the 11th session, which will open next month in Taif under the patronage of King Salman.
Prince Sultan, president of the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage (SCTH) and the head of the supervisory committee of Souq Okaz, announced the winners' names at a press conference in Taif, where they also provided details on activities during the upcoming festival.
The winners in various categories include Mohammed Abdullah Al-Turki (Saudi) for Arabic poetry (classic), SR300,000 ($80,001); Mohammed Said Al-Rashidi (Saudi) for Arabic story narration, SR100,000; Iman Saad Al-Zahrani (Saudi) for innovation, SR100,000; Ithra Investment Group, Nuha Anwar Al-Yusuf (Saudi) for entrepreneurship, SR200,000; and Tariq Mohammed Sumaili (Saudi) for youth poet, SR100,000. The prize for Arabic calligraphy (total SR100,000) was shared by Hafiz Mohammed (Bangladeshi, SR50,000), Ahmed Rafat Ahmed (Egyptian, SR30,000) and Yasir Mahmoud Ibrahim (SR20,000).
Prince Sultan expressed appreciation to King Salman for their care for national heritage projects, notably Souq Okaz for its historic and cultural importance.
They noted that the SCTH's efforts toward Souq Okaz have expanded to cover other projects such as the Okaz City project, to which the National Transformation Program (NTP) 2020 has allocated a budget of SR775 million under the “Jadat Al-Mustaqbal,” and similar heritage projects.
Moreover, the SCTH has embarked on preparing development projects for Souq Okaz in a bid to convert it into a cultural and tourist destination for the whole year, in cooperation with its partners in government agencies in Taif, they added.
The 11th edition of Souq Okaz will witness more than 100 functions in addition to contests and tourist journeys that will provide a unique experience to visitors. The events will also include a number of historical and cultural functions including Arabic poetry, theater performances, market shows, poetry of the early days of Islam, Arabic-language challenges, sports shows, horse and camel convoys, handicrafts, and light and sound presentations, they said.
Furthermore, the SCTH will organize 50 journeys under the “Live Saudi Arabia” program where 2,500 students from all regions will benefit, with the participation of 65 tourist guides and 10 journey organizers, they said.
Additionally, Souq Okaz will witness 10 cultural symposia, five nights of Arabic classical poetry, 10 cultural workshops, an Arabic calligraphy show, a fine art corner, the Okaz library, an ancient and Islamic inscription show, and a tent for storytellers under the supervision of the King Abdul Aziz Foundation for Research and Archives (Darah).
2017: We Will Not Disappoint Lagosians, Ambode Assures
Lagos State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode on Sunday morning expressed optimism that the New Year will present limitless opportunities and true happiness for all residents.
Governor Ambode, who addressed a mamooth crowd at the grand finale of the 2016 One Lagos Fiesta held at the Bar Beach front in Victoria Island to usher in the New Year, restated their commitment to roll out programmes and policies that will further showcase the progress the State has made so far.
“Our vision remains the same: to create a smart mega city where business and creative opportunity abound; where physical and social amenities are world class; and where lives and property are safe and secured.”
Governor Ambode while alluding to the fact that 2017 is significant as Lagos would mark its 50th Anniversary since its creation, said the State is exceptionally blessed with human and capital resources, which they said their administration will continue to explore to make life more comfortable for the people.
“Welcome to 2017, our anniversary year where Lagos is 50. Lagos, the smallest, the oldest, the richest, most populous and most prosperous State in Nigeria.
“We are undoubtedly the world's largest and most celebrated black city state. But we also recognize the need to reflect and be strategic and this is why our approach to governance has been low in hype and flop but high in performance by keeping our promises to you at all times. We promise not to dissapoint you in this New Year,” they said.
They said the One Lagos Fiesta which ran from December 24, 2016 to January 1, 2017 was expanded to celebrate the inclusiveness and diversity of the State across the five locations including Ikorodu, Badagry, Agege, Lagos Island and Epe.
Governor Ambode also said that in recognition of the fact that the youth represent the symbol of the State's verve and vitality, their administration will provide more platforms of opportunities in 2017.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Jazz experimenter Kamasi Washington goes for deep funk glory on their new track “Street Fighter Mas.” The song is a groovy jazz epic full of expansive horns and choirs, with heavy synths interspersed around Washington's excellent saxophone playing. “When I was young, I was obsessed with Street Fighter!” Washington said on Twitter about the song. “I thought I would be a professional gamer, so I made a theme song.” The new record certainly has that layer of triumph and potency to make for inspirational theme music.
The new single is the latest from Washington's upcoming two-and-a-half-hour epic double-album, Heaven and Earth, which will be out on June 22nd. The album also features the previously released “Fists of Fury” and “The Space Traveler's Lullaby.” Listen to the new track below.
Benjamin Moore tried to 'quash' probe into water near its plant: suit Benjamin Moore is getting accused of whitewashing its safety and environmental practices. The Montvale, NJ, paint retailer — owned by billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway — tried to “quash” an...
20-something Buffett protégé freezes paint firm pensions It's not just the temperatures that have dipped below freezing at Benjamin Moore headquarters. The 130-year-old paint brand, struggling under the ownership of billionaire Warren Buffett, told employees at its...
Benjamin Moore slashes veteran employees The halls at Benjamin Moore's headquarters are taking on a new tint — and the employees call it “bloodbath.” Under the ownership of billionaire Warren Buffett, sources said the flailing...
Benjamin Moore problems getting painted over by Buffett Warren Buffett is trying to paint over the ugly picture at Benjamin Moore — again. The folksy tycoon bragged on TV Wednesday that their struggling paint brand is generating profits...
Buffett protégé CEO choices raise questions Warren Buffett protégé Tracy Britt is facing questions about their CEO-picking skills — again. The 29-year-old chairperson of the billionaire's Benjamin Moore paint brand — who last month was forced...
Brooklyn paint dealers say Buffett rolled all over them Warren Buffett has been whitewashing their spotty role in the Benjamin Moore fiasco. That's the charge against the folksy billionaire from a number of the paint brand's independent dealers —...
By Scott T. Sterling
When he's not recording heartbreaking songs, Sam Smith can be pretty funny.
Related: Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘The Thrill of It All'
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week's episode of Saturday Night Live (Oct. 7), Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos.
In the first, Smith even gets to deliver the punchline, as they cheekily offer a personal makeup tip.
It's Smith's second time as the musical guest on SNL, following their debut in 2014.
Watch the promos below.
LAST 16 REVIEW: Three Scandinavian teams ease through the first knockout round at the World Championship but there is heartbreak for the hosts
Norway, Russia set up QF clash as Germany stumble
The defending world champions against the Olympic gold medallists: Norway vs Russia is the outstanding match of the four all-European quarter-finals at the Women's IHF World Championship 2017 in Germany.
The three other matches on Tuesday and Wednesday (match schedule) are Sweden vs Denmark, France vs Montenegro, and Netherlands vs Czech Republic.
Romania and Serbia, who both finished top of their groups in the preliminary round, and hosts Germany all crashed out in the Last 16, while Hungary star player Anita Görbicz ended their national team career following a defeat against France.
Different experiences
Norway and Russia had completely different experiences getting through the first knockout round on Monday.
Mora Mørk netted 11 times to help Norway comfortably beat Spain 31:23. The titleholders went 3:0 up within three minutes and coach Thorir Hergeirsson's team never saw their lead come in danger.
But Russia were forced into extra time by South Korea despite leading by three goals (16:13) at half-time and even by five (23:18) well into the second half.
Led by Eun Hee Ryu's 10 and Migyeong Lee's 11 goals, South Korea staged a remarkable comeback and even went into the lead briefly (30:29) before Kseniia Makeeva levelled the score 30 seconds before the end of the second half.
In extra time, South Korea wiped out a two-goal deficit (34:32) before Polina Vedekhina with their ninth goal of the match and a penalty by Daria Samokhina finally sent Russia through (36:34).
Forced into extra time
The only other non-European team in the Last 16, Japan, also forced their opponents into extra time.
The Netherlands took their foot off the gas being 19:16 up with six minutes left, allowing Japan to level the match at 19:19 and again at 20:20.
Centre back Nycke Groot had what appeared to be a last-second winner disallowed for a technical fault, but the 2015 silver medallists did wrap up the victory after 70 minutes (26:24).
The Dutch team's next opponents are the Czech Republic, who edged Romania 28:27 in a thriller.
Having come back from 17:14 down at half-time, the Czechs led 27:26 when Romanian standout Cristina Neagu scored their 13th goal of the match, converting a penalty with only 11 seconds left.
However, Michaela Hrbkova netted a last-second winner to send coach Jan Basny's team through.
Alongside Romania, another winner from a preliminary group went out in the last 16 as Serbia were upset 31:29 by Montenegro.
Down 14:9 at half-time, Serbia scored 20 times in the second half but still came up short as Jovanka Radicevic netted nine times in total for the winners.
The victory marks a notable success for coach Per Johansson, who replaced long-standing Montenegro coach Dragan Adzic just 10 days before the start of the tournament.
Continuing a strong run
While Norway lived up to their billing as tournament favourites, two more teams from Scandinavia reached the quarter-finals as well.
After winning their preliminary group, Sweden continued their strong run by outscoring Slovenia 33:21, led by Johanna Westberg's eight goals.
Sweden is next up against neighbours Denmark, who ended host Germany's dream of getting a medal at their home tournament.
In a match that was well-balanced only in the opening 15 minutes (5:5), Denmark led by four goals (11:7) at half-time and went even up by seven (20:13) before clinching a 21:17 win.
The defeat ends an era for Germany. Not only coach Michael Bieglier will leave as planned, but also goalkeeper Clara Woltering (after 222 matches) and back court player Nadja Mansson (78) have ended their national team careers.
More retirement announcements
There have been more retirement announcements as Anita Görbicz said they won't be wearing the Hungary jersey again after their team was beaten 29:26 by France.
The 2005 World Player of the Year made their debut for Hungary in 2002, and played at two Olympics, six World Championships and six EHF EURO events.
Görbicz scored two times against France on Sunday, raising their career total to 1,111 goals in 233 appearances for the national team.
The Hungarian handball federation said in a statement on its website that it will organise a ceremony to bid farewell to Görbicz in a fitting manner.
Photos: IHF/Stéphane Pillaud, Germany2017/Sascha Klahn
TEXT:
Marc Buoniconti signs copies of their book at Columbus High School
Marc Buoniconti, who was paralyzed from the shoulders down in a football accident 32 years ago, spoke and signed copies on their new book at their alma mater, Christopher Columbus High.​
Friday, February 2nd, in the afternoon, a brush fire broke out North of I-10 at Highway 81. Walton County Fire Rescue, Florida Forest Service, and Argyle Volunteer Fire Department, responded to the brush fire. The brush fire was close enough to a nearby barn for it to receive damage. However, the fire was extinguished before any major damages occurred. The cause of the fire is believed to be ashes from a smoker. Walton County Fire Rescue would like to remind everyone to use caution when cooking outside since the ground is still incredibly dry. WZEP-AM 1460 would like to ask each of you to always be careful when doing anything with fire.
Share This Post
Blake Griffin's ex sues them over Kendall Jenner 'fawning' Blake Griffin dropped their family to date supermodel Kendall Jenner, former fiancee Brynn Cameron alleges in a new palimony suit, filed Wednesday. Cameron, who shares two children with the Pistons...
Nets commit slew of turnovers in ugly loss to Pistons DETROIT — The Nets will go into the trade deadline hurting, and are headed toward the All-Star break slumping. Their own turnovers were the culprit Wednesday, as they handed away...
Steelers receiver goes after Blake Griffin's Kardashian model JuJu Smith-Schuster hopes Blake Griffin's abrupt exit from Los Angeles will do wonders for their love life. After the Clippers power forward was shockingly traded to the Detroit Pistons last...
Blake Griffin dazzles, records double-double in Pistons debut DETROIT — Blake Griffin was Detroit's best player in their debut with the Pistons. Griffin had 24 points and 10 rebounds, and although their new team is still very much...
Blake Griffin digs at Clippers in their Pistons welcome Blake Griffin admits they were shocked by the trade that sent them from the Clippers to Detroit. But he's now with a team that wants them — and so the...
The target falls on Doc Rivers as Clippers blow up Doc Rivers lost. If shuttling Chris Paul out of town this offseason wasn't the end of the Clippers as we know them, the Clippers that Rivers inherited, Monday night was....
How 'lifelong Clipper' Blake Griffin ended up in Detroit So much for Blake Griffin being a modern-day NBA anomaly. The Clippers' elaborate pitch to their franchise centerpiece this summer, based on the idea of making them a “lifelong Clipper,”...
Long-lost Monet found in Louvre storage A long-lost painting by French Impressionist master Claude Monet was recently discovered rolled up in a corner of a storage facility at the Louvre Museum in Paris, officials said. The...
Neanderthals may have been Europe's first great artists LONDON — The world's oldest known cave paintings were made by Neanderthals, not modern humans, suggesting our extinct cousins were far from being uncultured brutes. A high-tech analysis of cave...
300-year-old note found inside butt of Jesus statue Restorers of an 18th-century statue of Jesus Christ in Spain have found a handwritten note hidden up their bum. The message, written carefully in calligraphy and dating back to 1777,...
America's longest painting has been restored and needs a home NEW BEDFORD, Mass. – A museum has restored the longest painting in North America so it can share the story of American whaling with the public. The quarter-mile-long panorama toured...
Trump's 'Renoir' painting is a fake: museum President Trump insists they own a real Renoir painting — but a Chicago museum says the version they have isn't the real deal. The Art Institute of Chicago said it...
Study reveals how people interpret Mona Lisa's smile Here's something to smile about. The enigma wrapped in a riddle known as Mona Lisa has long been the subject of speculation: Is their ambiguous expression a smile? A recent...
This naked man was too hot for Facebook Facebook's “nudie police” are out of control — again. The social network has apologized for taking down a photo of a Renaissance statue of the sea god Neptune after an...
Solving the mystery of Van Gogh's severed ear Ask any schoolchild or museum tourist to name one thing about artist Vincent Van Gogh and chances are it won't be “Starry Night” or any of their other masterpieces. They'll...
One crew member was killed and two others were injured Monday when a military helicopter crashed on a southern Maryland golf course.
The Army said the UH-60 Blackhawk from Ft. Belvoir, Va. crashed at 1:37 p.m. ET at Breton Bay Golf Course near Leonardtown, about 60 miles southeast of Washington D.C.
The injured crew members were taken to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore. The Army said one of the injured crew was in critical condition, while the other was in serious condition. The crew members' identities were not immediately available.
“We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community,” Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker said in a statement. “Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy, and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time.”
Related stories…
The cause of the crash was not immediately known. The Army said it was sending a team from its Combat Readiness Center to conduct an investigation.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, said they saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
The crash came less than two weeks after a fighter jet crashed into a wooded area in Prince George's County.
The F-16C fighter jet took off from Joint Base Andrews and was participating in a routine training mission before it suffered a mechanical issue and went into a wooded area near Piscataway Road and Steed Road in Clinton, Md., about six miles from Joint Base Andrews and 12 miles south of Washington D.C.
The pilot on that mission ditched the jet and was treated for minor injuries. No one else was hurt.
Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Read more from FOX 5 DC.
Individual taxpayers in the United States use IRS Form 1040 when filing their federal income taxes. The form comes in three varieties — the standard 1040, the 1040A, and the 1040EZ. The purpose of the 1040 is to report your income, claim your deductions, exemptions, and tax credits, and to calculate your federal income tax.
Continue Reading Below
All versions of the 1040 require you to fill out your personal information, such as your name, address, and Social Security number. You'll also need to sign the form, either on paper or with an electronic signature.
Image source: Getty Images.
Form 1040EZ
We'll start with the simplest of the three versions of the 1040 tax form, the 1040EZ. In a nutshell, the 1040EZ is designed to be used with simple, uncomplicated tax returns.
To use the 1040EZ, you must meet the following criteria:
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Taxable income is less than $100,000.
You don't have any dependents.
You're not claiming any adjustments to income. This includes the student loan interest deduction, traditional IRA deduction, and the moving expenses deduction, among others. For a complete discussion of adjustments to income, check out this other article.
You're not claiming any tax credits, other than the Earned Income Credit (EIC).
Your only sources of income were wages, salaries, tips, unemployment compensation, Alaska Permanent Fund dividends, and/or taxable interest less than $1,500.
As you can probably imagine, many taxpayers cannot use the 1040EZ. If you qualify, however, you'll find that the 1040EZ is a simple, one-page form, that's rather easy to understand, even without much knowledge of the tax system.
In the first six lines of the 1040EZ, you'll enter your income and subtract your standard deduction, calculating your taxable income. On the next six lines, you'll enter your withholdings and EIC (if applicable), and determine your tax for the year. Finally, in the last section, you'll claim your refund or calculate the additional amount of tax you owe.
Form 1040A
The next form, in terms of complexity, is the 1040A. The main difference between the 1040 and the 1040A is the ability to itemize deductions, which can only be done with the 1040.
In addition, to use the 1040A, you must meet the same taxable income restriction ($100,000) as the 1040EZ. However, you can claim dependents on the 1040A, and there are more adjustments to income and tax credits available.
Specifically, to use the 1040A, all six of these criteria must be met:
All of your income is in the form of wages, salaries, tips, interest, ordinary dividends, capital gains, taxable scholarship and fellowship grants, pensions, annuities, IRAs, unemployment compensation, Alaska Permanent Fund dividends, Social Security, or railroad retirement benefits.
You don't intend to claim any adjustments to income, other than educator expenses, the IRA deduction, student loan interest deduction, or the tuition and fees deductions.
You don't want to itemize deductions.
Less than $100,000 in taxable income.
You don't have any tax credits other than the child and dependent care credit, elderly or disabled credit, education tax credits, Saver's credit, child tax credit, EIC, additional child tax credit, and premium tax credit.
No alternative minimum tax adjustment on stock you acquired from the exercise of an incentive stock option.
If you don't meet all six of these requirements, you need to use the more complex form 1040.
On the first page of form 1040A, you'll choose your filing status, list your dependents, and claim your exemptions. Then, you'll list all your sources of income, and subtract your adjustments to determine your adjusted gross income.
The second page of the 1040 is where you'll subtract your standard deductions and exemptions, determine your tax, and add in any tax credits you're entitled to. You'll then compare the tax you owe with your withholdings to determine whether you can claim a refund or need to pay more.
Form 1040
Finally, Form 1040 is the most complex of the three. The general structure of the 1040 is the same as the 1040A (list dependents, state your income, subtract adjustments, calculate deductions/exemptions, determine your tax, and either claim a refund or calculate additional tax you owe).
It's also worth mentioning that you can choose to use a more complex form than you're required to — just not the other way around. For example, if you qualify to use the 1040A, there's nothing wrong with using the 1040 instead.
The most common reason someone would need to use the 1040 instead of one of the simpler forms is for itemized deductions. Taxpayers have a choice between taking the standard deduction or itemizing, and for many people, itemizing is the more lucrative choice.
In addition, here are a few other common reasons you would have to use the standard 1040 (NOTE: There are many other reasons you may have to use the 1040 instead of the others):
Your taxable income is more than $100,000.
You have any income from self-employment.
You're claiming the adoption credit.
You must repay the first-time homebuyer credit.
You're eligible for the health coverage tax credit.
In a nutshell, the 1040 is the universal U.S. tax form, meaning that it can be used by anyone who needs to file a personal federal income tax return with the IRS. It's the form you use if you don't meet the strict criteria of one of the two less-complex tax forms.
The $16,122 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,122 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The events in Charlottesville were the culmination of months of protests by white supremacists
A 20-year-old man accused of ramming their car into a crowd of protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia has appeared in court via video from jail.
James Alex Fields was denied bail as they were arraigned for second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit and run.
Heather Heyer, 32, died and 19 were injured when a car hit demonstrators in Charlottesville on Saturday.
Mr Fields is said to have harboured Nazi sympathies.
President Donald Trump has been criticised for not specifically denouncing the far-right elements in the weekend's march.
But the White House has defended their remarks as explicitly condemning the white supremacy groups involved.
Ken Frazier, CEO of drugs giant Merck, announced on Monday they would resign from the president's American Manufacturing Council over Mr Trump's response to Charlottesville.
Mr Frazier, who is African American, tweeted they had "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Photojournalist Ryan M Kelly was covering the protest when the car ploughed into the crowd
In court - Joel Gunter, BBC News, Charlottesville
James Alex Fields looked nervous and listless on the small monitor in the corner of the courtroom. Mostly they kept their head down, their eyes darting occasionally up towards the camera.
They were wearing a striped jumpsuit and had the neat, buzzcut hairstyle favoured by many white supremacists and neo-nazis who have united under the banner of the so-called "alt-right".
Judge Robert Downer read their charges - one count of murder, one count of hit and run, three counts of malicious wounding.
Alex Fields spoke briefly to say they were employed by Securitas and Omni Ohio, could not afford a lawyer, and had no ties to Charlottesville. Judge Downer denied them bail, and revealed they could not be appointed a public defender because someone in the public defender's office was directly affected by the crime.
Their appointed lawyer, Charles Webster, named in court by the judge, had yet to be contacted to inform them of their latest client.
In 10 minutes it was over. Outside the court, known white nationalist Matthew Heimbach was shouting that the death of Heather Heyer was the fault of the police.
"Nazis go home," the crowd chanted back at him. "I think I like it in Charlottesville," they said. "I think I'll stay."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday said the deadly violence met "the definition of domestic terrorism", adding that the Justice Department was opening a civil rights investigation into the event.
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable evil attack," they said on ABC News' Good Morning America.
They told the television programme that FBI agents from the terrorism and civil rights divisions were also investigating the matter.
How did the violence unfold?
Hundreds of white nationalists convened in Charlottesville on Saturday to protest against the removal of a statue of a general who had fought for the pro-slavery Confederacy during the US Civil War.
These groups, which include the Ku Klux Klan, Neo-Nazis and other white supremacy organisations, have coalesced under a banner of the so-called "alt-right" movement.
They were challenged by anti-fascist and counter-protesters and the rally erupted into violent clashes.
During the melee, Ms Heyer was struck by a car that rammed into a crowd of dispersing counter-protesters.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Marissa Blair says the Charlottesville car attack was an 'act of terror'
Protests and vigils in support of Charlottesville were held in many US cities on Sunday. In Seattle, police used pepper spray to stop protesters approaching a pro-Trump rally.
How did Trump initially respond?
Hours after the violence erupted, Mr Trump said they condemned "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides".
"The hate and the division must stop right now," they told reporters in New Jersey, where they are on a working holiday. "We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation."
But their comments did not explicitly condemn the white extremist groups involved in the rally, an omission that was strongly criticised by Republicans and Democrats alike.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The US president ignored questions over whether their response went far enough
Many, including senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, echoed the sentiment of Colorado Senator Cory Gardner, who tweeted: "Mr President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism."
The president's national security adviser, HR McMaster, went further by commenting: "Anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it meets the definition of terrorism."
Mr Trump's daughter too also appeared to offer stronger condemnation than their father.
The mayor of Charlottesville, Democrat Mike Signer, drew a link between the events and the rhetoric of Mr Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, saying that "these anti-Semites, racists, Aryans, neo-Nazis, KKK" had come out of the shadows after having "been given a key and a reason to come into the light".
In response to the criticism, the White House issued a statement on Sunday clarifying that Mr Trump's condemnation had included white supremacists.
"The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups," a spokesperson said.
Mr Sessions also came to the president's defence on Monday, saying they "explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Nazism, white supremacy, the KKK."
That is their unequivocal position," Mr Sessions said, "He totally opposes this kind of values".
Deontay Wilder calls out Joshua after pummeling this challenger Deontay Wilder said they were going to unleash their “wrath” on Bermane Stiverne in their rematch Saturday night at Barclays Center. They forgot to mention the right hands they would...
Deontay Wilder fighting for attention, shot at Anthony Joshua British boxing promoter Eddie Hearn was talking about Deontay Wilder and questioning why the WBC heavyweight champion isn't more well-known in the United States. “Deontay Wilder is a classic example...
Heavyweight boxing title picture heating up Unified heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua defends their titles against mandatory challenger Carlos Takam in Cardiff, Wales, Saturday night, but the hype is already building for a potential 2018 matchup against...
The plan to turn this heavyweight into boxing's first billionaire Heavyweight boxing champion Anthony Joshua can rake in up to $65 million per fight if they spread their superstar status into the United States, claims promoter Eddie Hearn. Joshua took home...
Anthony Joshua KOs Klitschko in heavyweight dream bout LONDON — Anthony Joshua wasn't wrong when they raised their hands in victory after knocking Wladimir Klitschko down in the fifth round of what looked like a one-sided heavyweight title...
Why the stakes are so high for this Wladimir Klitschko fight The resurrection of heavyweight boxing will take place Saturday night when Anthony Joshua defends their heavyweight championship against former champion Wladimir Klitschko at Wembley Stadium in London. A crowd of...
The fight going on outside the ring for Wladimir Klitschko fight There will be plenty at stake when Anthony Joshua defends their IBF heavyweight championship against former long-time titleholder Wladimir Klitschko April 29 at Wembley Stadium in London. The fight...
The most recent NBC News/Wall Street poll shows that a key group of voters may be poised to play a big role in the upcoming election: White women with a college degree.
And they're angry.
White women with a college degree did support Hillary Clinton over Trump in the 2016 election, but only by a six-point margin. According to exit polls, just over half supported Clinton — 51 percent — while 45 percent backed Trump and the remainder chose third party candidates.
But that narrow advantage for the Democratic candidate has grown into a gaping divide heading into the 2018 midterms, according to the latest NBC/WSJ poll.
President Trump's positive favorability rating among college-educated white women, which stood just 32 percent when they were inaugurated, is now down even further to an even more dismal 27 percent, with 53 percent giving them a ‘very negative' score. The Republican Party gets a similarly poor ranking, with just 23 percent within this group of women giving the GOP high marks. (They give Democrats a net positive score, on the other hand — 45 percent positive to 31 percent negative.)
And that ire also appears to be translating into energy against Republicans as the midterms approach.
Among white women with a college degree, Democrats have a 27 point advantage over Republicans on the question of which party they would rather win control of Congress in November.
And unlike some other voter groups like young people or independents, who show a preference for Democrats but don't express high interest in the upcoming elections, this subgroup of women ranks among the highest when it comes to how closely they are watching the midterms. Six-in-ten report that they have high interest in the elections, one of the most pronounced levels of interest for any subgroup surveyed.
Katchafire Announce Australian 2018 Tour Dates
NEW ZEALAND – In the mid of their successful US tour supporting their top charting 5th studio album LEGACY, New Zealand's Kiwi roots reggae ambassadors KATCHAFIRE have announced the 2018 Legacy Love Today Tour.
Upon the announcements on several festival line-ups around Australia including The Gulf Country Frontier Days Festival in Burketown QLD in August, Island Vibes Festival on Stradbroke Island in October, and The Pleasure Garden in St Kilda in December; the band revealed their dates around the country throughout October and November .Tickets go on sale 9am Friday 6th July.
Since hitting number 1 on Reggae Album Charts within hours of it's release in both New Zealand and USA and an impressive 3 position on the Billboard Reggae charts, LEGACY album has also made an impact on mainstream/pop iTunes charts around the world including: #1 in New Zealand, #8 in Poland, #24 in Australia, #56 in Lichtenstein and Ivory Coast, #57 in the USA, Bangladesh, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Maldives, Myanmar, Palestine and Libyan Arab Jamahiriya!
On June 9th, the band popped into Hawaii for a surprise performance at the Island Music Awards where they were also finalist nominees for Group Of The Year, ahead of their 33 date tour of mainland USA which kicked off on June 13.
Tour dates in UK/Europe in 2019 will be announced soon.
With international rave reviews, the exciting and fresh LEGACY album boasts messages of love, hope, togetherness, and family; with the 12 songs on this album being recorded in numerous studios around the world from New Zealand and Australia to LA and Hawaii to Jamaica, featuring collaborations with some of reggae's finest; with the cover art featuring Hawaiian artist Herb Kane's “War Canoes Of The New Zealand Maori”.
Recent line-up changes have added new fuel to the ‘Fire and the first three singles from the ‘LEGACY' album – ‘Addicted', ‘Way Beyond' & ‘Love Today' – have been picking up airplay on roots reggae radio and added to playlists around the world with ‘Love Today' hitting the Top 20 on the Global Reggae Chart.
There is no stopping the ‘Fire!!
The Huawei Watch 2 has the tech that lets you ditch your phone, but loses the swish suitable-for-all style of the original
The Huawei Watch was a breath of fresh air when it was released. Not only was it easily the most stylish Android Wear watch (and some may some smartwatch in general) out at the time, but it was also styled so it was suitable for all wrist sizes. Over time, Huawei enhanced the range with straps that appealed to both men and women, increasing its pull and making it stand apart from the competition. All this makes the sequel highly anticipated, because the wearable industry — despite the prompting from Huawei — hasn't changed much, and is still driven by a masculine style.
More: Our first take of the Huawei P10
Unfortunately, Huawei may have led the pack in that respect before, but with the Huawei Watch 2, it has joined makers in producing larger, tougher-looking smartwatches. There are two versions, the Huawei Watch 2 Classic, and the Watch 2 Sport, and the pair differ greatly in style and functionality. However, neither are for the daintily wristed. The IP68 water-resistant body measures 45mm, up from the 42mm on the original. It may not sound much, but it makes a big difference when that device in on your wrist.
The body may be larger, but the screen is smaller. An odd decision, but Huawei has shrunk the 1.4-inch screen down to 1.2-inches for the Watch 2. It notices too. It doesn't look bizarre, but it's obvious there's a lot more body around the screen than before. The Watch 2 is very lightweight, and both versions are comfortable to wear, with the Classic being the standout in this respect. The reason is its strap, which is made from leather with a silicone layer next to your skin. We've tried something like this on the Apple Watch (Native Union uses the same technique for their leather band), and it effectively reduces sweat and discomfort during exercise, while maintain an all-business look.
Watch 2 Sport doesn't need a phone
While the stainless steel Watch 2 Classic wins the prize in the looks department, it doesn't in the features department. Huawei has thrown everything at the Watch 2 Sport, which has a ceramic bezel, and silicone straps in either black, green, or incredibly bright orange. The reason for the ceramic case is due to the 4G LTE support. That's right, the Watch 2 Sport works as a standalone device, so you can leave your phone at home without losing contact with the world. The antenna array includes a special double version for 4G, plus GPS, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi. It has a noise reducing microphone and a speaker, ready for calls.
Android Wear 2.0 is installed on the Watch 2, which along with the interface and feature improvements, also adds a dedicated app store, Google Assistant, and Android Pay. The Watch 2 Classic and Sport both have large bezels, and it cries out to be twisted and turned to scroll through the revised Android Wear 2.0 menus, like you would on the Samsung Gear S2 and Gear S3. However, the Watch 2 is a touchscreen only device. A Snapdragon chipset drives the Watch 2 models, and there's 2GB of internal memory space for your music.
This is an important part of Huawei's fitness focus with the Watch 2 Sport. Load your music, and it's another job taken away from your phone. The Watch 2 has special software for fitness fans, including workout plans and guidance. This includes feedback from the heart rate sensor in real-time, plus data on steps, calorie burn, step frequency, speed, your VO2 Max, and even estimated recovery times post-workout.
Battery life doesn't suffer
If the thought of 4G LTE, GPS, and a heart rate monitor on a smartwatch makes you fear for the battery, don't worry too much. Huawei says the 4G Watch 2 Sport will give two days use from the battery, or three days for the Classic. Use the 4G version with the heart rate monitor and GPS active continuously, and it'll still return an estimated 11 hours. There's even a power-saving mode that turns off all the smart features to show only the time and a step count, which extends the battery life to 26 days.
There's even a power-saving mode that turns off all the smart features.
Now we come to availability. Huawei will only sell the Watch 2 Classic in the U.S., priced $300 at Best Buy, Amazon, Newegg, B&H Photo Video, Jet, Kohls, Target, and Walmart. It'll come in two colors, black and grey.
We don't know yet whether the Watch 2 Sport will only be sold in China, the U.K., or parts of Europe. It's a shame — the Watch 2 Sport is definitely the more interesting of the two watches. The Watch 2 Classic is a great showcase for the vastly improved Android Wear 2.0 platform, but the style may not give it the wide appeal of the original Huawei Watch. We'll update you here when more information is available regarding price and release dates.
Highs
4G LTE on the Watch 2 Sport
IP68 water resistance
Android Wear 2.0
Lows
Large body won't suit all wrists
Limited availability
Article originally published in February. Updated on 04-18-2017 by Kyle Wiggers: Added availability and pricing information.
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump.
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit, while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations.
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks:
——
U.S. TALKS
Kim Yong Chol is likely to convey to Pompeo that Kim Jong-un is serious about the summit and also to discuss the contents of a joint statement to be issued at its end.
Some experts say major thorny issues are still unsettled between the two countries, and that is why a senior official like Kim Yong Chol has travelled to the United States to narrow the gap.
Trump abruptly cancelled the summit last Thursday before quickly reversing course and announcing the meeting could happen. Their decision came amid widespread doubt in the United States that North Korea would be willing to actually scrap a nuclear program it has struggled for decades to build.
Meanwhile, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who met Kim Jong-un last Saturday, said the North Korean leader is uncertain whether they can trust Trump's promise to provide a security guarantee if North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons.
Given these basic concerns, Kim Yong Chol's talks with Pompeo are likely to focus on a possible compromise between Washington's push for a speedy nuclear disarmament and North Korea's preference for more gradual steps matched by corresponding benefits from the U.S.
Kim Yong Chol, 72, is the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States since 2000. Their official title is vice chairperson of the ruling Workers' Party. They previously headed North Korea's military intelligence agency and was believed to be behind two attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and a 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures.
——
DMZ TALKS
U.S. and North Korean officials started talks on the North's side of a Korean border village on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit. The village is inside the mine-strewn 4-kilometre (2.5-mile) -wide Demilitarized Zone, a buffer created at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.
The U.S. delegation is headed by Sung Kim, the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines who served as America's top negotiator to now-stalled six-nation talks on North Korean nuclear disarmament, and as its ambassador to Seoul. In 2008, they witnessed North Korea's destruction of the cooling tower at its main nuclear complex in a show of good faith with the United States. In recent years, however, satellite photos have indicated that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at the complex.
Their North Korean counterpart is Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hui, the North's highest-ranking female diplomat. A recent statement by Choe threatening to scuttle the summit and warning Washington of a nuclear showdown led Trump to temporarily cancel the summit, citing “open hostility” from the North.
The two sides are believed to have exchanged their countries' views on North Korea's denuclearization, America's security assurances and other issues. South Korean media said they wrapped up their talks on Wednesday after Kim Yong Chol's departure for New York.
Choe served as an English-language interpreter during the six-party talks, while Sung Kim, a Korean American, is fluent in Korean. Analysts say that is likely to have smoothed their talks because they could understand each other even when they were speaking their own languages at the negotiating table.
——
SINGAPORE TALKS
This meeting is to plan protocol, security and other logistical issues and might also include determining when and where in Singapore the summit would be held.
The two countries originally planned to hold the summit in Singapore on June 12. After putting the summit back on track, Trump tweeted Friday that it “will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th, and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.”
A delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un's trusted aides, Kim Chang Son, flew to Singapore on Monday night. South Korean media reported that they began talks with Joe Hagin, the White House deputy chief of staff for operations, who is in Singapore with other U.S. officials.
No details have emerged about the talks. Possible venues for the summit include Singapore's presidential palace, the Shangri-La hotel and the Marina Bay Sands hotel.
Kim Chang Son served as Kim Jong-un's chief of staff after the 34-year-old leader took power in late 2011. Their current official title is a departmental director at the State Affairs Commission, which is headed by Kim Jong-un.
Pat Shurmur already dressing better than Ben McAdoo Giants head coach Pat Shurmur is already dominating predecessor Ben McAdoo in the wardrobe department, making a style statement at Friday morning's introductory press conference with a tailored dark suit...
Ben McAdoo could find a job in NFL hell Two head coaches who combined to go 2-26 last season could be combining their powers. Deposed Giants coach Ben McAdoo is interviewing with the Browns on Tuesday, according to a...
Ben McAdoo could go home again It's where they rose through the ranks, spending eight NFL seasons building their résumé for a job offer that they couldn't refuse. It's also where Aaron Rodgers is. The path...
Landon Collins blames an entire unit for Giants' disaster Landon Collins didn't go as far as calling anybody a cancer in their latest ESPN interview, but the Giants safety did throw their offensive line under the bus and offered...
Ben McAdoo may have to settle for next NFL job A season that finished 3-13 and did not bring them to the finish line has tanked Ben McAdoo's stock. The deposed Giants head coach is among the choices for the...
Bill Cowher's advice to Giants on future, which they won't be a part of Bill Cowher is now 11 years removed from coaching, yet their name still often appears on coaching candidate lists when an opening comes up. That particularly rings true with the...
Evan Engram responds to Ben McAdoo's parting shot Yes, Evan Engram heard it. No, they were not upset by it. Former Giants coach Ben McAdoo, three days before they were fired, was asked what Engram needed to do...
I don't want to coach the Giants: Star college coach The Giants can already cross off one of the most desired coaching candidates from their search. Stanford's David Shaw, a top target of NFL teams in recent years, told The...
Players not taking Giants' house-cleaning lightly: 'Anybody can go' Monday's firings of Ben McAdoo and Jerry Reese weren't just damage control. The dismissals of the Giants' head coach and general manager were more than tossing raw meat to a...
AutoNation Acura in League City, Texas employed a weaponized farter, according to a former employee's lawsuit. Google Streetview image
The pound bounced back into positive territory after UK Prime Minister Theresa May announced a general election would take place on 8 June.
It sent the pound up 0.1% against the US dollar to 1.257, recovering from a 0.3% drop just an hour earlier.
Versus the euro, the pound went from €1.1750 shortly before 11am to €1.1821 by 11.30am – rising from a 0.4% loss.
Sterling rallies after Theresa May's announcement of a snap general election, going from €1.1750 shortly before 11am to €1.1821 by 11.30am pic.twitter.com/cPrD42yrKz — RTÉ Business (@RTEbusiness) April 18, 2017
Investors are still digesting news of the snap election, as Downing Street had previously denied plans for a poll before 2020.
Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital, said: "For investors it adds another layer of complexity to an already uncertain picture for UK and European assets.
"Volatility is likely to remain elevated over the coming weeks. And as elections are so unpredictable, there is always the outside risk it could spark a reversal in the entire Brexit process.
"However, on the current polling, the likelihood is we will be left with a Government on a more secure footing that will ensure Brexit means Brexit."
The news sent London's blue chip index lower, dropping 1.25% to 7236 - weighed down in part by sterling's rise.
Multinational stocks on the FTSE 100 tend to benefit when foreign currencies are stronger.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Stop us if this sounds familiar.
A once-elite college prospect and top-three NBA draft pick gets off to a strong start, falls out of favor in their own organization, and winds up with the Nets in a low-risk, high-reward trade because of how far their stock has fallen.
The player talks about how motivated their fall has made him, how eager they are to take advantage of the opportunity in front of him, to establish themselves all over again.
We're taking abut the plight of Jahlil Okafor, but just as easily could be discussing D'Angelo Russell. The similarities for the new Nets teammates, who went Nos. 2 and 3 in the 2015 draft, are striking.
“I feel like we're similar in that we have a lot to prove,” the 6-foot-11 Okafor, a Chicago native, said Monday as they met reporters for the first time since the deal Thursday that sent them from the 76ers to the Nets along with Nik Stauskas and a 2019 second-round pick in exchange for forward Trevor Booker. “I think we both have a chip on our shoulder and we have a lot to prove.We're definitely similar in that regard.”
It will be some time until they share the court together. Russell, who was averaging 20.9 points, 5.7 assists and 4.7 rebounds in 12 games before getting hurt, is coming off arthroscopic left knee surgery on Nov. 17, and their return date is uncertain. They were traded to the Nets in the offseason, after the Lakers opted to build around first-round pick Lonzo Ball.
“He has to get healthy and I have to get acclimated with the team, but it's hard not to think about,” said Okafor, who appeared in just two games with the 76ers this season as they waited to be traded. “I'm excited and I know he's excited.”
Okafor couldn't help but smile as they imagined the possibilities, about the inside-out threat the two could develop into. They have a preexisting relationship — Russell tried to recruit Okafor to Ohio State when they were in high school, though the big man wound up at Duke — and have gone through a lot of the same NBA growing pains. Now the former one-and-done college stars are together, with the same goals in mind.
“I've thought about it a ton. I've been playing with D'Angelo for a while. We grew up playing against each other — same high school class, same draft class,” Okafor said. “He's actually the first person to call me when I got traded. We're just very excited to get on the court together. You never would've thought the No. 2 and No. 3 picks would be playing on the same team a few years [later].”
A n upstate judge encouraged sheriff's deputies to “shoot” an unruly defendant in their courtroom, cursed out troopers who arrested them for drunk driving on their way to work, and then took a vacation to Thailand instead of attending a hearing on the DWI arrest before state officials finally recommended their removal from the bench.
Suspended Rochester City Court Judge Leticia Astacio will continue to collect their $175,00-a-year salary until the state's Court of Appeals rules on their ouster. That could be as late as the fall.
see also Judge still raking in $175K salary from jail A New York judge is raking in $175,500-a-year in her...
Astacio's troubles started the same month they first took the bench in January 2015. They refused to recuse themselves from the arraignment of a former client, then let an accused thief off with a $50 bail as a “courtesy,” according to a ruling from the state Commission on Judicial Conduct.
“I totally love him. I'm so sad that he's in jail right now,” they explained in open court at the time.
Later that month the judge told sheriff's deputies — “tase her,” “shoot her,” and “well, punch them in the face and bring them out here,” — when they heard that a young female defendant was biting and spitting on people on their way to court.
By August 2015 the judge still hadn't learned how to behave on the bench, the ruling says. They joked that a sexual assault victim had a “case of buyer's remorse” because the victim was hesitant to sign a statement against their attacker. When the assistant district attorney didn't laugh at the crude remark the judge said, “I don't mean to be inappropriate. I thought that was freakin' hilarious.”
Off the bench Astacio was nabbed for drunk driving. When a state trooper tried to give them a breathalyzer on their way to work at 7:54 a.m. on Feb. 13, 2016 they told them to “mind their own f—ing business” before blowing a .19. While locked up for the infraction they tried to use their position as a judge to get out, pleading “I have court right now.”
But they were less eager to return to court for a follow-up hearing on the drunk driving arrest. In May 2017 they went to Thailand instead of attending the hearing over contempt charges for trying to drive their vehicle while intoxicated after their arrest.
Astacio, 36, admitted that she'd “engaged in some misconduct” but claimed that their ouster “was too harsh.”
The judicial conduct commissioners disagreed.
“The totality of respondent's misbehavior as shown in the record before us demonstrates their unfitness for judicial office,” they said in a ruling released Tuesday,
Astacio's attorney, Robert F. Julian, said, “I will be reviewing the decision with my client and they will make a decision regarding an appeal shortly.”
LIMERICK college sides UL and LIT bid to join Mary Immaculate College in the semi finals of the Fitzgibbon Cup this Wednesday.
UL play IT Carlow at 1.00 while LIT face UCD at 3.00 – both games in their respective college GAA grounds.
Brian Lohan's UL face a DJ Carey Carlow side that have already won the league title this season.
2015 champions UL will be bidding to reach a Friday February 24 semi final agsinst UCC.
UL will will be able to call upon nine Limerick club players – Gearoid Hegarty, David McCarthy, Mike Casey, Tom Morrissey, Lorcan Lyons, Barry Nash, Ronan Lynch, Sean Finn and Pat Ryan.
Leading their charge will be Clare's Tony Kelly, John McGrath of Tipperary and Waterford's Stephen Bennett, if fit.
Across town, it will be Davy Fitzgerald against Nicky English as LIT face UCD.
LIT will have Diarmaid Byrnes, Barry O'Connell and David Dempsey in their starting. Also vital to their chances are Waterford's Shane and Kieran Bennett, Clare's David Reidy and Galway's Paul Killeen.
An LIT win would set up an all-Limerick semi final.
The wife of a Justice Department official who was demoted for failing to disclose their meeting with the Trump “dossier” author worked for the opposition research firm behind the document, according to a published report on Monday.
Bruce Ohr, who lost their senior level post as associate deputy general, is the husband of Nellie Ohr – an employee during the 2016 election for Fusion GPS, which compiled the anti-Trump document, officials told Fox News Channel.
It wasn't immediately clear what Nellie Ohr did for Fusion GPS or if they had any ties to the salacious document. In public biographies, Nellie Ohr has been listed as a Russia expert, according to Fox.
Bruce Ohr had two titles until last week, as director of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force but more significantly as associate deputy general – a top post that put them just four office doors away from their boss, Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein.
But they lost the bigger gig after it was disclosed that they had secret meetings with Fusion GPS founder Glenn Simpson and former British spy Christopher Steele, who penned the dossier, according to FNC.
Republican lawmakers want to know if the Fusion GPS – funded by Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign – played any role in FBI surveillance of Carter Page, a Trump campaign adviser.
Page made contradictory statements on their connections to Russians during the campaign before invoking their Fifth Amendment rights to House Intelligence Committee investigators in November.
By Rob Stein, CEO and Founder, Astor Investment Management The latest market surge, as the Dow powers toward 20,000, is being called the “Trump stock market rally.” But as an economist and a realist, I have to question whether stocks would rally this much just on hope and expectations for a new administration, without the…Click to read more at ETFtrends.com.
Continue Reading Below
Everyone wants to be a part of the cryptocurrency revolution, but it's not necessarily so good for the planet. For instance, the Bitcoin network alone consumes more energy than the country of Bulgaria. Cooling the rigs involved also requires a whole lot of power. If cryptocurrency mining really is going to be a long-term solution, it's important that environmentally friendly, sustainable methods are put into place to help carry it out.
The Moonlite Project is building a data center in Iceland that will be used for the mining of cryptocurrencies — including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Dash and Litecoin — on an industrial scale. Construction on the data center will begin in April and it will open in August. While it will be used to help Moonlite pursue its ambition of becoming one of the largest cryptocurrency-mining organizations in the world, Moonlite wants to do so using low-cost, sustainable and green energy exclusively.
“Our data center, and future data centers, will always make use of 100 percent clean and renewable energy sources, such as energy being generated from hydro, wind, and geothermal sources,” Eric Krige, Moonlite Project's founder and CEO, told Digital Trends. The site will also benefit from Iceland's naturally cool climate, which will help eliminate the need for extensive cooling infrastructure.
Krige said that the data center will employ some smart tech beyond its use of environmentally friendly means of cooling and generating power. “We will be deploying custom mining software and additional software that is already on the market,” they said. “Our teams will be implementing some smart mining tech as well, including A.I. and custom algorithms to assist in miner management, and to ensure that we are focusing on what is profitable at all times.”
The Icelandic data center will, Krige said, be running at a capacity of 15 megawatts, with plans to expand beyond that level. It aims to produce roughly $8 million per month in mined currency. While we'll wait until it's all up and running before getting too excited, it's an intriguing project — and proof that the drive toward using sustainable energy and making serious cryptocurrency bank (hopefully!) don't have to be mutually exclusive.
Skales Reveals The Weirdest Place They Have Had S*x, Their Favourite Part Of Woman's Body
Information Nigeria
Kaduna born Nigerian rapper & singer, Raoul John Njeng-Njeng, who performs under the mononym Skales, in an edition of Netsecretquestions revealed the weirdest place they have had s*x, their favourite part of woman's body and their wildest s*xual fantasies.
and more »
After a relaxing of the rules in recent years, why has the Crucible banned the wearing of football shirts at the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield?
READ MORE: Latest scores, schedule and results
If the election for the White House were based on...
Nothing sells like success.
The president-elect is a source of fascination to Americans who can't get enough of Donald Trump-related merchandise, according to one vendor.
Mort Berkowitz, who has been selling campaign buttons for more than 40 years, said they have sold out of Trump watches, and inaugural buttons are going as fast as they can make them.
Since targeting ads to new locales, they have been filling orders for Trump buttons from the heartland — including Minnesota, Iowa, Pennsylvania, Missouri, North Carolina, Texas and Oklahoma. Prior to the Trump phenomenon, Berkowitz said, most of their sales were from Democratic strongholds.
“Before the election, I sold as much Trump merchandise as Hillary Clinton merchandise. That's never happened for a Republican before. Trump supporters are passionate,” Berkowitz said.
They displayed a wide array of inaugural buttons at their Midtown office, including one featuring Trump as Superman and the headline “Trump Triumphs.”
Exchange-traded funds have been in the investing mainstream for years. In 2017, they became the default.
ETFs saw record growth during the year, with both institutions and retail investors piling into the investment vehicle. ETFs hold baskets of securities like mutual funds but trade intraday like stocks. Among other attributes, advocates tout the transparency of the structure, as well as the greater tax efficiency, and in 2017 investors seemed more willing than ever to listen. There are now ETFs tracking essentially every sector, region and asset class, and basically every category of fund saw growth in the year.
According to data from Credit Suisse, inflows for exchange-traded products topped $424 billion in 2017 through November. (ETPs include both ETFs and the much smaller category of exchange-traded notes.) Not only does that shatter old records, but it is a stark demonstration of how investors are favoring ETFs over other investment vehicles. Mutual funds, for example, only saw $91 billion in inflows over that same period.
According to data from research firm ETFGI, there is $4.429 trillion in global ETF assets (ETFGI's data is through October), compared with $3.396 trillion at the end of 2016 — meaning the universe has grown by more than a trillion dollars in less than a year. Over 2016, in comparison, ETF assets grew by a relatively paltry $522 billion, meaning adoption was twice as aggressive this past year.
U.S.-listed equity funds have seen $308.5 billion in year-to-date inflows, according to FactSet, which is not only a record for stock ETFs but is larger than the entire ETF industry has ever seen in a year. Fixed-income products had $120.5 billion in inflows, a record for the industry.
“ETFs have become the optimal choice for portfolio allocation, and this trend is definitely going to continue,” said Matthew Bartolini, head of SPDR Americas Research at State Street Global Advisors. SSGA is one of the three major ETF sponsors, along with Vanguard and BlackRock's iShares, which together control about 70% of the market.
“There's been broader adoption in all walks of life. Retail investors have gotten more accustomed to using these vehicles, and the industry has done a good job of breaking down the myths about liquidity, which has added to their being used more and more.”
Read more: Fears grow that popularity of ETFs is a ticking time bomb
The growth reflects the unique position ETFs hold in the investment universe. First, there is the ongoing shift toward passive products, which has been gaining steam for a decade but seemed to hit a tipping point over the past couple of years. There's been a steady drumbeat of data showing that simply buying the market — as opposed to trying to do better than it through individual security selection — almost always leads to better returns over the long term, and ETFs are dominated by passive products.
The most popular fund of the year in terms of inflows, the iShares Core S&P 500 ETF IVV, +0.34% , is one of the most vanilla funds on the market, offering exposure to the primary U.S. equity-market benchmark. It amassed some $30.8 billion in inflows, according to FactSet.
Chart courtesy Credit Suisse
Related: Here's why money is draining from the stock market's biggest ETF
ETFs have also benefitted from the move to low-fee products. Of the top 10 equity ETFs of 2017, measured by their inflows, the most expensive (the iShares MSCI EAFE ETF EFA, +0.26% had an expense ratio of 0.32%, or $32 for every $10,000 invested. For fixed-income products, the most expensive — the iShares J.P. Morgan USD Emerging Markets Bond ETF EMB, -0.05% —charged 0.39%. Other widely adopted funds charge less than 0.05% of assets, which make them wildly cheaper than actively managed products, which charge more than 0.8% on average, according to Morningstar Direct data.
2017 has been a year of high-profile fee cuts and new entrants undercutting their rivals by launching funds with lower expense ratios. In many categories, fees have fallen so much that institutional investors instead look to factors like liquidity and trading spreads in making their investment decisions, and in November Vanguard launched a fund with an industry-low fee, and urged investors to “consider elements beyond the expense ratio.”
The popularity of the ETF structure has meant hundreds of new funds getting launched over the course of the year. Per ETFGI data, there are nearly 5,400 ETFs traded globally, up from about 4,800 at the end of 2016. This growth has come alongside a rising number of fund closures, as few new products are able to amass the assets that are seen as necessary for them to be profitable.
See more: How the ETF market is both growing and shrinking, in one chart
Related: The artificial intelligence ETF is one of the most popular fund launches of 2017
Finally, and not insignificantly, ETFs have benefitted from the ongoing bull market across most major assets. The S&P 500 SPX, +0.32% is up 18.8% over the course of the year, hitting multiple records, while global stocks haven't had a negative month since October 2016. Major bond categories are higher as well, and ETFs offer easy access to all those parts of the market.
Read: Household stock holdings are at their 2nd-highest ever — behind only the dot-com era
Also: In one chart, here's why ETFs aren't causing a bubble in stocks
Image copyright RSPCA Image caption Hundreds of birds were found at the travellers' site
Two men have been handed suspended jail sentences after they admitted forcing cockerels to fight to the death.
Bill Ripley, 46, and Moses Brinkley, 62, both of Claywood Lane in Bean, Kent were investigated by the RSPCA and police after videos were seen online.
The charity said the cockfighting was both "high level and organised" and one of the biggest cases it had seen.
The pair admitted animal cruelty charges and were sentenced at Bexleyheath Magistrates' Court.
Ripley was given a 14-week sentence, suspended for a year, and Brinkley a 10-week term, suspended for a year.
RSPCA inspector Carroll Lamport said the charity joined police in executing warrants at the travellers' site in Bean in March last year and 242 birds were found, as well as fighting "paraphernalia" such as spurs and muffs, and books on the blood sport.
Officers downloaded videos of cockfights from social media accounts and mobile phones, they added.
One video showed a fight continue for 10 minutes until one bird was drenched in blood and the other collapsed, struggling to breathe, they added.
Image copyright RSPCA Image caption Relatives said the travellers' community were not cruel to animals
Speaking after the hearing, Mr Lamport said: "These people have walked away with a very light sentence."
However, Brinkley's daughter Violet Smith said the men, who lived on a travellers' site, had been treated unfairly.
They said: "That is a travellers' community thing to keep animals. We aren't cruel to animals. We're the type of people who put food out for animals. I don't think it's fair."
Ripley and Brinkley each pleaded guilty to three charges of being present at an animal fight, one offence of keeping a premise for use in an animal fight and one offence of keeping animals for use in fighting.
The charges include five fights between July 2016 and March last year, during which two birds were killed, the court heard.
The men were ordered to undertake rehabilitation, pay £865 in costs, and were disqualified for two years from keeping game fowl.
Ripley was also given a two-month curfew.
Some years ago a reader took me to task for suggesting a random act of violence that took place overseas might carry lessons for Canada. Their point was that there was no cause to assume Canadians might be impacted by something happening so far away, since there was no reason to expect anything similar could happen here.
It seemed curious to argue that, in a world interconnected in every other way, senseless slaughter might be the one exception. But it's clearly a notion that holds with many in Canada's largest city, which sees itself as a bastion of peace and safety in a dangerous and unpredictable world.
As Monday's horrific attack unfolded on Yonge Street, Toronto's main north-south artery, one resident after another expressed their shock and incredulity that the city wasn't immune. There was “an overwhelming sense of disbelief,” we were told. “Toronto will never be the same,” a witness remarked. City Council member John Filion said it was “unthinkable” that anything so horrific could happen in a place so proud of its diverse population.
“What happened today will profoundly change the city from here on in,” Filion predicted.
Mayor John Tory echoed that view: “These are not the kinds of things that we expect to happen in this city,” they said. “We hope they don't happen anywhere in the world. But we especially don't expect them to happen in Toronto.”
I kept wondering, Why? Toronto has always been a quiet and relatively tranquil place — for years, in fact, the sense that nothing exciting ever happened was a particular target of mockery. But given the number of previous attacks that have taken place across the country — a gunman ran through the halls of Parliament, firing at random, remember? — it seemed an awful lot like wishful thinking to expect the largest and most important population centre to be exempt.
The city has turned its diversity into an asset
That Toronto is a diverse place is unquestioned — astonishingly so in many parts of the city. That was self-evident as Monday's attack filled the airwaves: reporters spread out in search of witnesses, and those it found were overwhelmingly non-white. Brown, black, coffee-coloured, Asian, South Asian, vaguely Middle Eastern, Chinese — though not necessarily from China itself, given the numbers from Hong Kong, Taiwan and elsewhere. They struggled with the language, with accents, with their shock, no two the same. It takes a certain perversity to resent newcomers when you can't even tell where they might be from. Indeed, when the identity of the attacker as Alek Minassian first became public, an immediate debate popped up on Twitter as to the possible origins of the name. Much of it, predictably, was among the sort of people who couldn't wait to assign blame, but it reflected the fact that in a city where more than half the people identify themselves as visible minorities, anyone can be from anywhere.
The city has turned its diversity into an asset, a constant marketing theme. “Diversity Our Strength” it says on the official coat of arms. Hockey Night in Canada has a special team to broadcast Toronto Maple Leaf games in Punjabi. Summer in Toronto sometimes seems like a non-stop cycle of parades, festivals and official fairs celebrating one ethnic community or another — closing the roads and sparking that other local obsession, the lousy traffic. Part of the determination to herald its sense of community is a constant stream of reminders to itself that Toronto is special: the CBC had barely started its coverage of the attack when an on-air host noted it was already receiving complaints that it might, in some way, make any inference that could in any way reflect on who or what the attacker might be. We were reminded of the “importance of inclusion, of diversity, of keeping calm.”
this is so scary. my co-worker just sent me this video of what happened at yonge and finch today. #toronto pic.twitter.com/gTV0yAo1rJ — rayhana (@rayy0889) April 23, 2018
And calm we were, to a degree. One indelible moment took place during the extraordinary confrontation between Minassian and a Toronto police officer who resolutely refused to grant their demand to “shoot me in the head.” As they stood facing each other in the street, the cop pointing their weapon and Minassian repeatedly pretending to draw and aim, yelling “Shoot me!”, a trio of Torontonians out for a stroll on the pleasant spring day wandered past on the sidewalk, glancing over their shoulders at the life-and-death moment, before continuing on, apparently unconcerned. Maybe they thought it was a movie being made. Maybe they were after an ice cream cone and didn't want to be delayed. If bad stuff can't happen in Toronto, why be nervous?
Diversity is strength, but it doesn't come with immunity. Even setting aside the details of Minassian's background and motivations, the fact remains that people don't leave their phobias or resentments behind when they choose a new home. The sort of people who can't think of any other means of expressing their anger, bitterness or resentment, other than killing some strangers, aren't likely to be deterred by the fact Toronto considers itself a caring community. The fact that the city enjoys such relative harmony might be just another provocation to a troubled mind.
Diversity is strength, but it doesn't come with immunity.
By nightfall, Torontonians were already accepting congratulations on having emerged from the horrific afternoon with the suspect in custody, without a shot being fired. Life went on. No general lockdown, no outburst of unrest. The hockey game went ahead — amid much-heightened security — after a minute of silence. And the Leafs won, a blow not only against the hated Bruins but anyone who thought the city could be cowed into hiding.
It was all heartening, the sign of a strong community, confident in its identity, but it was also a lesson that while Canada may be lucky, it's far from immune, and diversity is no guarantee of protection from irrational or disturbed minds looking for a location to endanger the lives of innocents.
• Twitter: KellyMcParland
Why New Yorkers will always judge you for your area code What's an area code really worth these days, anyway? For most people, it's just three numbers you tap into your phone once and never think about again. For Raphael Chejade-Bloom,...
Manhattanites fear being stuck with new '332' area code The snobby world of Manhattan area codes is about to be thrown into an uproar again — as the state announced Tuesday that it will create a new three-digit phone...
PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia 76ers have started an investigation into tweets linked in a report to team president and general manager Bryan Colangelo that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, among other NBA figures.
The burner accounts also took aim at former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer website.
“The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter,” the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement. “We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded.”
see also 76ers GM caught up in shocking Twitter burner scandal The NBA has been stunned by accusations 76ers general manager...
ESPN.com reported Wednesday that Colangelo was contacting those ridiculed by the accounts to assure them they are not the person behind them.
The website asked the team about five Twitter accounts it suspected Colangelo was operating. They said in a statement that they used one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events, but that they were “not familiar with any of the other accounts” brought to their attention and that they didn't know who was “behind them or what their motives may be in using them.”
Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, tweeted that they didn't believe the report.
“I don't believe the story. That would just be insane,” they wrote.
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016. They served as Toronto's general manager from 2006-2013.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned. They lost their GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo downplayed Hinkie's role in the franchise's turnaround. It also lamented in another post that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Another account accused Embiid of “playing like a toddler having tantrums,” and one criticized Fultz for their work with their “so-called mentor/father figure.”
From the section
Image caption The six men are charged in relation to a disorder at Lewes Prison
Six men have been charged in relation to a disturbance at Lewes Prison in East Sussex.
A Sussex Police spokesperson said there was "serious disorder" at the jail on 29 October 2016.
Five of men have been charged with prison mutiny. A sixth, Benjamin Drury, 32, of HMP Bristol, is charged with criminal damage.
The men have been summoned to appear at Brighton Magistrates' Court on 19 October.
The five on mutiny charges are:
We'll finally get to learn more about Joe's mysterious manservant
Emmerdale's Graham Foster will finally open up about their mysterious past next week when they confide a tragic secret to Debbie Dingle.
Advertisement
The enigmatic business associate of Joe Tate has so far been something of a closed book, but their talent for quick-thinking, violent streak and being extremely good in a crisis (he knew exactly what to do when Ross Barton had acid thrown in their face) make them an intriguing – and at times unsettling – presence.
They also have a menacing air, but whatever they tell Debbie next week upsets the object of Joe's obsession rather than frightens them
Graham tries to encourage Joe to move on from their doomed romance with the Dingle diva, but their employer has a plan. Mr Foster then approaches Deb with Joe's suggestion they rent Jacob's Fold, but are there any strings attached?
Insisting Joe's not playing games this time and that perhaps they should give them another chance, Graham reveals more about theirs and Joe's shared past, and tells them they used to work at their school – and it's then they deliver details from their shocking backstory…
What have they told Debbie? Will it make them agree to the deal? And are fan theories that Graham is actually a ghost correct?
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Emmerdale page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Cameron Diaz is done acting Diaz hasn't appeared in a feature film since 2014's back-to-back flops "Sex Tape" and "Annie."
Why Cameron Diaz waited so long to get married The 44-year-old actor also opened up about their decision to disappear from Hollywood.
Cameron Diaz has put their exes out of their mind "I don't even remember any of that,” they told Andy Cohen when they brought up their list of former flames.
Benji Madden gets a giant scalp tattoo The Good Charlotte guitarist debuted an inked scalp while out with wife Cameron Diaz in LA this weekend.
Benji Madden inks Cameron's name across their chest The rocker and the movie star wed in January after eight months of dating.
What these celebrity couples can teach us about romance Hoping to meet your match by Valentine's Day? Bravo's romance guru Patti Stanger looks to four celeb couples for inspiration and advice. Jerry & Jessica Seinfeld The love story: Jerry...
These famous dames were once Playboy Bunnies Sure, some of Hugh Hefner's Playboy Bunnies seemed merely scantily clad waiteres, but some of these beauties have gone on to pursue impressive careers after leaving the late publisher's lounges....
Why Blondie is still one of NYC's best rock 'n' roll bands Fads and scenes have come and gone since the 1970s, but Blondie still kicks as much ass as it ever did. The punk legends, who released their first album back...
Blondie frontwoman wants White House's ear in fight against YouTube The music industry wants to enlist the White House in its battle against YouTube. With the big labels at their back, Blondie frontwoman Debbie Harry is joining an industrywide chorus...
This man's music has made 'more than a million babies' Pioneering Italian music producer Giorgio Moroder — whose juddering synths and disco beats provided the soundtrack of the '70s and '80s — is back in the public eye at a...
Hoffman's accused drug dealer backed by Blondie musicians Philip Seymour Hoffman's accused drug dealer has gotten a boost from rock n' roll maven Debbie Harry in their latest bid to stay out of jail and land in a...
Michael Jackson is back with ‘new' tunes Albums of the week Michael Jackson “Xscape” ★½ It's worth remembering that, during the last 30 years of their life, Michael Jackson only released six full albums. That emphasis on quality...
An oral history of Blondie Just like the city that spawned them, Blondie is still a band that's constantly changing. Back in 1974, the New Yorkers started as a throwback act, incorporating a '60s girl-group...
SARASOTA, Fla. (WFLA) – A Sarasota County firefighter risked their lives to rescue a man dangling off a building 17 stories high. It was a high-rise rescue caught on camera, and now the firefighter is sharing their story of the scary moments.
On Sunday morning, a dangerous high-rise emergency unfolded at a construction site on US 41. Seventeen stories high on the Vue Condominium, a scaffolding platform broke off its wires and was dangling and a man was trapped.
“He was backed up, had their hands on a couple of the other cables and had their feet braced on the sides,” described firefighter Paul Zaller.
Zaller and their team made it to the roof and decided the only way to save the worker was repelled down and get him.
“A fall from that height, there wouldn't be any survival,” said Zaller.
With the help of their team, Zaller got in their harness and went over the edge.
“There was some adrenaline, there was definitely some adrenaline,” said Zaller.
“You're talking about hanging off the side of a building with a rope between you and death, so the danger is very high,” said Lt. Jason Wilkins.
Zaller precariously made their way down.
“We judge more on not so much the clock, but on our success,” said Lt. Wilkins.
The clock was ticking and it was difficult for the construction worker to hang on. Soon enough, Zaller arrived and was able to carry them up. The cables are specially designed to hold a lot of weight. One cord on its own can hoist a car.
Thanks to a team effort, the construction worker's life was saved.
“We're all just thankful that the rescue went well, he's okay, everybody on our team is okay and the call went real smooth,” said Zaller.
Zaller doesn't see themselves as a hero. He's part of a hardworking team that was just doing their job.
“It's a team effort and a team rescue,” said Zaller.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
It may be rather cold and wet outside, but Rapture Theatre's sizzling new production will transport audiences to the sensual, sultry surroundings of New Orleans.
A Streetcar Named Desire will be at Motherwell Theatre on Friday, September 29, with this year marking the 70th anniversary of its first production.
It tells the dramatic story of southern belle Blanche DuBois (Gina Isaac), who seeks solace with their sister, Stella (Julia Taudevin), after their world starts to crumble.
But their downward spiral brings their face-to- face with Stella's husband – the sexy, but brutal, Stanley Kowalski (Joseph Black).
As temperatures soar and passions rise, Blanche and Stanley battle for Stella's soul.
A Pulitzer-prize-winning play by Tennessee Williams, Streetcar was immortalised in film by Marlon Brando and Vivien Leigh.
This new production, featuring a cast of top-class performers and under Michael Emans' direction, follows swiftly on from their critical and popular success earlier this year with Rapture's Who's Afraid Of Virginia Woolf?
Michael said: “This year we celebrate the 70th anniversary of the original production, but the play presents us with an unflinchingly bold examination of sexual politics and prejudice, morality and identity that still resonates powerfully today.
“It highlights the highly prescient topic of mental illness and lays bare the cultural and social tensions between an ‘immigrant' diaspora and those who consider themselves to be the ‘native' population.
“Streetcar is unflinching in its questioning of reality, forcing all of us to confront our own self- protective, self-created fantasies and illusions.
“Despite such powerful themes, the play also remains a very human story, its impact achieved through its strong and convincing characterisation and powerful, poetic language.”
“I am thrilled to have assembled such an eclectic and highly talented cast to join me on the dark and disturbing journey into the passionate, whirlwind world of Streetcar.
“That's what Rapture is all about – bringing great theatre out to people!”
The show starts at 7.30pm and tickets costing £14 (£13 concession) are available by calling 01698 403120 or visiting www.culturenl.co.uk.
Rature and Motherwell Theatre have also teamed up provide local school students with free tickets.
Alessia Cara doesn't do glam — and the music industry is shocked The morning of their video shoot for “Scars to Your Beautiful,” a heartwarming body-positivity ballad that rose to No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart, singer-songwriter Alessia Cara got...
Inside Diana Ross' AMA fashion drama “With their busy schedule, rehearsals and just the ‘Diana-ness' of it all . . . fittings were pushed off until [the] day of the AMAs,” an insider said.
Celebs rock the American Music Awards The event honored Diana Ross and featured performances by Selena Gomez, Kelly Clarkson, Pink and more...
Pink denies cringing at Christina Aguilera's AMA performance Pink has had a rocky relationship at times over the years with Aguilera.
The best and worst of the 2017 AMAs The American Music Awards is basically the Twilight Zone of award ceremonies. Sunday night's show, held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, depicted the music world as a place...
Tracee Ellis Ross to host 2017 American Music Awards on ABC "I'm especially thrilled to host this year when my mother is receiving the American Music Award for Lifetime Achievement," Ross said.
Christina Aguilera to perform Whitney Houston tribute The American Music Awards tribute will celebrate the 25th anniversary of Houston's film "The Bodyguard."
Diana Ross being honored with lifetime achievement award Diana Ross will receive the honor at next month's American Music Awards and will celebrate with a performance.
Bruno Mars leads American Music Awards nominations The nominations were announced Thursday for the fan-voted American Music Awards, with an all-male lineup for the top prize of artist of the year.
Video
German tennis players v Yorkshire accent.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
1:45 Karen Simon talks about the effects of solitary confinement Pause
0:20 Wayne Parker walks into court
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
They were spotted performing a set in New York.
It's hard to believe we met Julia Guglia in 1998.
A man has been charged following an investigation into incidents where a dog walker was aggressive to members of the public in Midlothian.
On 4 September a 48-year-old woman had threatening gestures made to them while they were driving in Park View, Loanhead.
A 44-year-old cyclist was then also allegedly threatened on a cycle path in the town on Monday.
Police said a 43-year-old man had been charged and a report would be submitted to the procurator fiscal.
Since Shannon Heuer and another contestant tied for a prize, a dance-off was declared. The winner would be determined by who drew the louder cheers, so the two pulled out...
Video
Authorities say another eight were injured after gunmen opened fire in the middle of the capital.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Video
A woman who caused the death of a man from Dorking in a car crash tried to avoid justice by telling police they were blind.
Kate Woodhead claimed said they could not be interviewed over the 2016 crash because they had developed a brain tumour and subsequent health problems.
They have been jailed for nine years for causing death by dangerous driving.
“Did this just happen?” asked Rachel Ploss as they were crowned the 2018 Miss Pulaski County on Sunday night. “I'm so in shock.”
Ploss, who was also named the Miss People's Choice, kept their composure as they accepted the crown, sash and flowers while all the time they were not believing their dreams just came true.
Ploss, who is the daughter of Tony and Patti Ploss, said they admired Alyssa (Garnett) Burns who was Miss Pulaski County in 2013 and Miss Indiana State Fair in 2014. Burns babysat Ploss.
This is the third year that Ploss has been a part of the pageant. They were the first runner-up and Miss People's Choice in 2017 and was a contestant in 2016.
Although they have been part of the pageant for the last three years, they said the interviews were the toughest part.
Ploss was also named 4-H Royalty for the fair this year. This is not the first time in Pulaski County fair history that a 4-H Royalty has been named Miss Pulaski County. The most recent occurrence was in 2005 when Bailey (Hoover) Medley was named both 4-H Royalty and Miss Pulaski County. In 2006, they were named Miss Indiana State Fair.
Regan Culp, who is the daughter of Dan and Melissa Culp, was named the first runner-up, while Erica Gualajara, daughter of Flavio and Yesenia Gualajara, was named second runner-up and Miss Congeniality.
About
Published:
A fun day with the BRIDAN and Miss Kira with their DROPPED_ALFA Romeo 105 GTV 1974
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) _ A conservative minister announced he's joining the fight for the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic U.S. Sen. Tim Kaine in 2018. E.W. Jackson announced their campaign Monday on The John Fredericks Show radio program. The lawyer-turned-preacher ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor in 2013. They join Corey Stewart, a former state campaign chairperson of President Donald Trump, and Del. Nick Freitas, as announced candidates. Jackson on Monday previewed a possibly contentious fight with Stewart for the nomination, suggesting Stewart supports tax increases. Stewart said both claims were “ridiculous.” Jackson's fiery rhetoric added a touch of drama to their 2013 race. They compared Planned Parenthood to the Ku Klux Klan and said former President Barack Obama may be an atheist or a Muslim.
SANTA ANA, Calif. — The Latest on the killing of a 19-year-old University of Pennsylvania student in California (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
The killing of a 19-year-old University of Pennsylvania student in California has prompted a push to change state law to include sexual orientation and gender as motivating factors for more serious murder charges.
Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said Friday that they didn't know and wouldn't discuss if Blaze Bernstein was killed because they were gay. But they say the investigation brought the issue to their attention.
State Sen. Janet Nguyen says she's proposing legislation to make the change.
Rackauckas said a first-degree murder charge carries a sentence of 25 years to life, while a murder charge with special circumstances is eligible for the death penalty or a sentence of life without parole.
Authorities have charged 20-year-old Samuel Woodward with the killing.  They are scheduled to be arraigned Friday.
——
11:45 p.m.
A 20-year-old California man charged in the killing of a University of Pennsylvania student is due in court.
Samuel Woodward of Newport Beach is scheduled to be arraigned on Friday in Santa Ana.
Authorities say Woodward killed 19-year-old sophomore Blaze Bernstein and buried their body in a shallow grave at a neighbourhood park not far from the Bernstein family home in Lake Forest.
Authorities say they were missing for a week after leaving the house with Woodward the night of Jan. 2.
Woodward is charged with murder and an enhancement for use of a knife.  They are being held without bail.
Bernstein was gay and Jewish and authorities are investigating the possibility of a hate crime. They were home in California visiting their family for winter break.
Video
Making everything the same is one way for manufacturers to keep costs low.
But the rich like to be different.
And even if something is mass-produced they want it to be special.
Increasingly products can now be customised, according to an individual's needs.
But what are the secrets of success in the high-end customisation business?
Giancarlo Stanton peeved after getting plunked TAMPA — Giancarlo Stanton looked upset when hit was hit by a Brett McKinney pitch just after McKinney entered the game in the bottom of the third in Thursday's 9-5...
Aaron Boone forgot to put a pitcher in the game TAMPA — Among the questions Aaron Boone faced when they were hired despite never having coached or managed was how they would handle game situations in the moment. On Saturday,...
Jordan Montgomery named Yankees' No. 5 starter LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Based on Jordan Montgomery's solid rookie season last year, the lefty opened spring training as the heavy favorite to remain the Yankees' fifth starter. On...
Why these Yankees are like the miracle Cubs TAMPA — Spring training hasn't started yet, but the Yankees already have their eyes on October. An offseason that began following a Game 7 loss to Houston in the ALCS...
Yankees reliever calls trickle of free-agent signings 'concerning' TAMPA — Before Adam Warren was traded to the Cubs before the 2016 season, the right-hander was the Yankees' player representative for the players' union, so they understand the business...
Yankees avoid embarrassing Dellin Betances battle repeat Dellin Betances and the Yankees still have to figure out just what went wrong in the second half of last season, when the reliever was wildly inconsistent, but at least...
Tommy Kahnle saves their worst for last HOUSTON — In Game 2 of the ALCS, it was Aroldis Chapman that faltered at Minute Maid Park. Then it was David Robertson in Game 6, when they surrendered four...
Dellin Betances is out of chances Any hope of fixing Dellin Betances this postseason was probably gone even before Monday night, but another wild outing all but ensured the right-hander won't see another important inning this...
The two relievers who could be key to Yankees' fortunes The margin is both thin and wide. Oh so close and so far to go. The Yankees are perhaps a couple of relay plays away from leading the ALCS or...
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Holograms have been a staple of science fiction ever since 1977, when a holographic princess made an impassioned plea to Obi-Wan Kenobi in the original “Star Wars” movie.
Now researchers at Brigham Young University (BYU), in Provo, Utah, are turning make-believe into reality. As part of an initiative they've nicknamed the “Princess Leia Project,” they've developed a way to project 3D images that appear to float in thin air.
Using lasers to trap and manipulate tiny particles in free space, the engineers created so-called volumetric displays of a butterfly, a prism, and the BYU logo. The projections right now are tiny, but study leader Daniel Smalley, an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, said this technology could one day be useful for medical imaging — for instance, to generate 3D images that serve as roadmaps that guide surgeons through challenging procedures.
Holograms are 3D images created by scattering light onto a 2D surface, but a person typically has to look directly at that surface in order to see the futuristic projections. Producing 3D images that people can see from any angle, even when someone walks all the way around the projection, is much trickier.
“To see the light, it needs to scatter off of something and enter your eye,” Smalley told NBC News MACH in an email. “Getting that scattering to happen in thin air is difficult.”
Dr. Daniel Smalley, center, with their student researchers. Nate Edwards / BYU Photo
The researchers overcame these difficulties by using an intense laser beam to trap a particle and move it rapidly along a path in free space. Another set of lasers projects visible light onto the particle, illuminating it in different colors.
To create the floating image, the researchers need to move the trapped particle fast enough so that it appears as a solid image — “like a sparkler in the dark,” Smalley said in a written statement.
Min Gu, an optics expert who was not involved with the Princess Leia Project but has done extensive research on holography, called the results impressive and “very exciting.”
But Gu, the Associate Deputy Vice-Chancellor for Research Innovation and Entrepreneurship at Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University in Australia, said they think it will be challenging to create larger images with this technology. Controlling one particle in this way is tricky enough, Gu said, without having to control multiple particles simultaneously over a bigger space. And in order to create a well-defined image, “speed becomes a very important issue,” they added, meaning all of the particles will have to move rapidly to create the appearance of solid outlines.
“I'm not saying it's impossible, but if you talk about the detail, the level of the imaging and the quality, I think there's a long way to go,” Gu said.
Smalley said they and their colleagues are already experimenting with simultaneously manipulating and illuminating multiple particles to make bigger images, which if successful, could open up new ways for these projections to be used in the future.
“When we make it bigger,” Smalley said, “I think telepresence would be a compelling application.”
Report: Rams expected to ask for permission to talk with Sean Payton
The Los Angeles Rams are expected to ask for permission to talk with Sean Payton, according to a report.
NOLA.com's Larry Holder says Payton met with Saints GM Mickey Loomis after the Saints lost to the Falcons Sunday to end their season to talk about the head coach's future.
Holder reports that the Rams are expected to ask for permission this week to talk with Payton. They report that the Saints would also be open to trading Payton.
The speculation about Payton's time in New Orleans coming to an end began last season. Payton ended up agreeing to a contract extension with the team, but it sounds like the two sides are now ready to move on.
Reports throughout December have said that the Saints were open to moving on from Payton. Then after the Rams fired Jeff Fisher, reports have tied Payton to the Los Angeles job.
Payton just completed their third consecutive 7-9 season with the Saints. The Rams went 4-12 and finished with the league's worst offense.
Let me tell you how it will be. There's one for Wright, a win for me.
Breakfast at Fenway and it looked like the Red Sox might be done before the faithful could get their bacon down. Early shenanigans from funnyman Steven Wright, but they settled nicely and pitched into the seventh inning. The Sawx put up four and held on to nail down another Patriots Day victory, enabling Stitches to boost their tax return to 395 corleones.
We'll follow the Giants to K.C. after they dropped two of three to the Rockies; helping Colorado to the top of the NL West. Matt Cain, the No. 5 man in what has been a weak rotation, returns to the hill after picking up their first W since last summer. Surrendered one run in five-plus against the D'Backs. 20 units says Cain and the Giants put an end to the suddenly resurgent Royals' four-game win streak.
HUNTINGTON WOODS, Mich. — More than a dozen tractor-trailers lined up beneath a Detroit-area freeway overpass to aid police trying to help a man contemplating suicide.
Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw said troopers received a call early Tuesday about the man standing on an overpass above Interstate 696 in Huntington Woods. As officers routed traffic away, they directed truckers to drive into positions to shorten the fall if the man jumped.
Thirteen trucks lined the freeway as police dealt with the man. The incident lasted about four hours until they walked off to waiting officers and to seek medical help.
Shaw says troopers typically work with truckers during such incidents, but it's unusual to have so many involved. They add there are “many other options out there aside from taking your own life.”
Louisa Durrell and their family moved to Corfu in 1935. Discover the true story of this remarkable family as ITV series The Durrells starring Keeley Hawes returns
From watching The Durrells, you might expect that earnest novelist Lawrence is the Durrell kid who grew up to write about their life on the island in My Family and Other Animals. But actually it's little Gerry who penned the autobiographical Corfu trilogy that has now been adapted by ITV.
Advertisement
But who were the real-life family – and how close to life is this drama? How did they end up on the island, and what happened to them in later life?
How did the Durrells end up in Corfu?
Louisa Durrell, their husband and their four kids were all born in India during the British Raj. Travelling engineer Mr Durrell died in 1928, so Louisa took the three youngest (Leslie, Margo and Gerald) to England where they tried to get by on a widow's pension. Eldest son Lawrence had already been sent to a boarding school in England to be educated, something they definitely aren't happy about.
By 1935 Lawrence was living in Corfu with their first wife Nancy (although in the TV series Larry is single and unmarried). That was the year their mother, sister and brothers arrived to join them on the island.
What really happened to the Durrells in Corfu?
Gerald began to collect and keep local wildlife as pets, spurring a life-long interest in nature and conservation. They were home-schooled and allowed to run wild. The young boy also found a friend and mentor in the Greek doctor, scientist, poet and philosopher Theodore Stephanides.
The two explored the island together, accompanied by Theodore's young daughter Alexia (who doesn't appear in the series).
Though Larry and their wife initially lived with the whole family at their house at Kontokali, in early 1936 the young couple moved to a tiny fishing village on their own. Larry later struck up a friendship with the writer Henry Miller, who came to visit in 1939.
Larry's first novel, Pied Piper of Lovers, was published in 1935. They drew on their experiences growing up in British India, their loss of a parent, and their difficult time fitting in when sent to school in England. The novel then moves on to their discovery of sexuality and their character's burgeoning love life.
The semi-autobiographical novel had a disappointing reception, receiving tepid reviews and a small print run. It was not republished in Lawrence's lifetime.
What happened when World War II started?
The Durrells arrived in 1935 and remained in Corfu until 1939, when the outbreak of World War II forced most of the family to return to England for safety. By series three we are already at 1937, but – aside from brief mentions of Hitler – the shadow of world war has not yet begun to loom in the Durrell family consciousness.
“We're still sort of a bit blissfully ignorant, I guess you could say,” Callum Woodhouse, who plays Leslie, tells RadioTimes.com.
When war did arrive, Louisa left the island with Gerry and Leslie as well as the young live-in maid.
However, Larry and their wife stayed and had to escape with their baby daughter to Egypt after the fall of Greece. The entire country was occupied by the Axis Powers by June 1941.
Margo also declared Corfu their true home, sharing a cottage with some local friends. They began a love affair with an RAF pilot, moved with them to South Africa and married them in 1940. The two stayed there for the duration of the war, then moved to Bournemouth, had two kids and divorced.
What happened to Gerry, Larry, Leslie and Margo?
Gerald Durrell (1925-1995): Young Gerry grew up to be a popular naturalist, conservationist and author. After returning to England they worked at an aquarium and a pet store, and though they were called up for military duty in 1943, they were excused on medical grounds.
After the war they joined Whipsnade Zoo as a junior keeper, and then embarked on a number of excursions around the world to bring back unusual animals to the UK.
But their focus on conservation was out of step with zoos at the time, so they worked on redefining the role of the zoo.
Gerry founded the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust, which is now directed by their second wife, Lee McGeorge Durrell, following their death in 1995.
Gerald with a cheetah at London Zoo in 1954
 They are now best remembered for their bestselling Corfu Trilogy, starting with My Family and Other Animals and then followed by Birds, Beasts and Relatives and The Garden of the Gods.
Lawrence Durrell (1912-1990): Named after their father Lawrence Samuel Durrell, Larry became a diplomat and writer who married four times and lived around the world. Their most famous work is The Alexandria Quartet (a series of novels set in Egypt).
Like Gerald they also wrote about their time on Corfu, though their lyrical novel Prospero's Cell has been less remembered. Larry's account actually doesn't mention their mother or any siblings except for Leslie, though their first wife is featured.
Larry eventually settled in Sommières, France, where they passed away in November 1990.
Lawrence Durrell in 1987
Margaret Durrell (1920-2007): Margo Durrell ran a boarding house in Bournemouth after their divorce, in the city where their mother Louisa also lived until their death in 1964.
Acknowledging people's curiosity, they wrote an account titled “Whatever Happened to Margo?” which told the story of their eclectic guests, their love affair with a trombonist, and the occasional visits from Gerry and their “travelling menagerie” of animals.
In fact, Gerry's collection of animals were initially housed in the back garden and garage before they found new premises.
Leslie Durrell (1918-1983): Louisa's second oldest child never sought the public spotlight. After the family's return from Corfu to England, they spent the war working in an RAF factory and had a son with the family's Corfiot maid Maria Kondos, who came with them back to England.
Advertisement
Their business ventures were unsuccessful (including an attempt to run a farm in Kenya) and they later worked as a hotel concierge. Leslie died in 1983.
Ecological Waste Management
Dec 7 2017 (Manila Times) - The times call for active measures to combat climate change. People have again and again relayed the words: reuse, reduce, recycle. I would like to add—refuse. Refuse to add to the pollution, and refuse to commit unhealthy practices.
The wastes that are collected from the residents, commercials areas, and industrial sites undergo a process. First is the recovery and processing. The collected wastes enter a materials recovery facility (MRF) in which the bio-degradable, non-biodegradable, and recyclable materials are sorted. MRFs are currently being established even in schools, malls and the like. The Philippines also promotes the waste diversion requirements in the form of composting techniques, e.g. vermi-composting. Another form of waste diversion requirement is recycling of non-biodegradable materials, e.g. plastics, rubber, paper, etc. Finally, collected solid wastes often end up in a dumpsite. The Philippines restricts the operation of open dumpsites but allows the operation of controlled dumps. Some wastes also end up in sanitary landfills, which is the most preferred kind of waste disposal site as it is designed and managed in such a way that the LGUs have control over important environmental impacts arising from the development and operation of the facility.
Best practices in local context
As provided for in RA 9003 and in relation to the Local Government Code 1991, or RA 7160, the local government units (LGUs) are given the power to enforce laws on cleanliness and sanitation, solid waste management, and other environmental matters. Thus, the different LGUs across the country, and in partnership with several private institutions, are making efforts to efficiently provide a system for solid waste management. Some of the best practices of solid waste management need not be from abroad but can be found locally.
One example of best practice in our country in solid waste management is the “Basuranihan” project of Sta. Rosa, Laguna, which involves individuals or groups who register with the Environmental and Natural Resources Office of the municipality to bring recyclable waste materials during the monthly Basuranihan Day. These recyclables are then sold to their junkshop of choice, and points are simultaneously acquired. Accumulated points qualify the participants to claim various prizes.
Cebu City has the best practice in terms of the decentralization of composting, and resource recovery system of their solid waste management program. The program has a strict enforcement of the “no segregation, no collection policy.” The program also provides for the recruitment and deployment of Barangay Environmental Officers who serve as information disseminators and policy enforcers. There is also a provision for financial and technical assistance from the city government to construct materials recovery facilities (MRFs) and composting centers in the barangays. Furthermore, the government works closely with its stakeholders, e.g. homeowners associations, local NGOs, waste pickers, and academic institutions, in conducting a series of awareness campaigns.
Finally, in Metro Manila, Marikina is well-known for having maintained its cleanliness because of its strict implementation of solid waste management policies and also because of its effective programs. One of its remarkable programs is the Food Waste Truck Program, which implements the collection of kitchen wastes from restaurants and food stalls. These wastes are then transformed into fertilizer to be used in the city's urban garden. There is also an Eco-Savers Program to raise awareness among the children and youth on the importance of proper waste management by allowing them to participate in the recyclable trading activity.
It can be observed in these situations that the best means to establish an effective waste management system in the country is by ensuring the active participation of all the stakeholders of the LGU or the nation as a whole. By allowing the stakeholders to be involved in such projects and programs, they do not only become more aware of the need to maintain the cleanliness of their surroundings and protect the environment, but they also learn to incorporate the proper practices of solid waste management in their daily lives.
Solid waste and disaster resilience
Amidst the exacerbating condition of climate change across the globe, it is relevant for the country to deploy mitigating and preventive measures for disaster risks related to climate change. There is an evident need for an integrated urban infrastructure that are resilient to climate change and disaster risks. An example is the investment in efficient drainage systems as a risk mitigation. However, we should keep in mind that these measures also require an improvement in the performance of sectors such as solid waste management, to prevent the blockage of drains that contribute to flooding.
Solid waste, if not responsibly managed, can be very detrimental to the environment and to society. Eliminating the negative impacts of waste materials on human health and safety and the environment is one of the objectives of solid waste management. However, every solid waste management approach can contribute to the worsening climate change as they are sources of greenhouse gases (GHGs) not just due to the emissions from their processes and the energy they consume, but also due to the methane (CH4) produced when they are disposed of in landfills. However, the overall benefit of solid waste management will still depend on the amount of GHG it emits and it saves.
Open burning, dumping in bodies of water, non-segregation of waste, disposal of biodegradable wastes in landfills, and operation of dumpsites are among the waste management practices that result in GHG emissions. To effectively mitigate climate change, solid waste management should therefore shift to more sustainable approaches such as waste prevention, recycling, and composting.
Improper solid waste management practices may also lead to disastrous events. Extreme rainfall caused by climate change can be engendered by uncollected and mismanaged wastes. Human lives may also be at risk from these malpractices as they can lead to massive flooding and storm surges. Therefore, for solid waste management to strengthen disaster resilience, the approach should include continuous clean-up, declogging, and dredging of waterways. Climate-proofing infrastructure and waste management facilities should also be taken into consideration.
Instead of viewing ecological waste management as a compulsory activity, we should view it as a means to create a more progressive and livable city/municipality for its citizens. The public should actively participate and learn from the best and most effective practices. As they always say, cleanliness starts with one's own home; practicing segregating our waste can go a long towards preserving our planet.
This story was originally published by The Manila Times, Philippines
Winter TV winners and losers: 'Empire' in like a Lyon Midseason TV is crowded with just as many new shows as the fall these days, making it tough for any show not called “Empire” to break out. With two more...
There's Rainn in Portland as Wilson launches 'Backstrom' on Fox After nine seasons as Dwight Schrute — assistant to the regional manager on NBC's “The Office” — Rainn Wilson is stepping into a leading role in Fox's “Backstrom.” Premiering Thursday...
Rainn in the forecast! Wilson premieres in 'Backstrom' “Justified” Tuesday at 10 p.m. on FX It's the sixth and final season premiere of this drama based on an Elmore Leonard novella about Deputy US Marshal Raylan Givens (Timothy...
Lena Dunham gives it the ol' college try on 'Girls' Grantchester Sunday, 10 p.m., PBS Sidney Chambers (James Norton) is a charismatic clergyman who teams up with Geordie Keating (Robson Green, left), a down-to-earth cop, to fight crime in the...
This season's sexiest, sauciest, most scandalous new TV shows A new season of great shows starts now — so here's our handy water cooler guide to all the buzz. Don't go to work without it. Most controversial new character:...
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Watch third base. The rest of the AL East is obviously going to talk about seeing the Yankees flex with the addition of Giancarlo Stanton and brace for a counter-strike by the Red Sox that could be an Eric Hosmer or J.D. Martinez.
But brave words will not tell as much as what the Rays do with Evan Longoria, the Blue Jays with Josh Donaldson and the Orioles with Manny Machado.
In the past, those three teams have avoided full-on tanking and tried to win in the face of whatever spending was being done by the Northeast powerhouses. And the success rate has been pretty good in recent years. Over the past five seasons, each of the five AL East teams has made the playoffs at least once.
But we may be having a bit of a back to the future now. In the eight seasons from 1998 to 2005, the Yankees finished first and the Red Sox second every year. In 2017, the Red Sox won the AL East, the Yankees earned a wild card and then the third-place Rays were 11 games beyond the Yankees. And from those cores, the Yanks already have added Stanton.
“We make our decisions independent of what other teams are doing,” Rays owner Stu Sternberg said. “At least that is our goal. Competing in the East is either impossible or next to impossible, which is why I value the AL East championships we have won as our brightest accomplishments.”
Longoria has represented the one immovable piece in the Rays' ever-changing cast. They have signed them long-term on two different occasions, and they are under control through 2023. But, more than ever, Tampa is considering a pivot and will listen on the greatest player in its history, as well as starters Chris Archer and Jake Odorizzi and closer Alex Colome.
The Orioles have been more defiant about not breaking up. But Machado, Zach Britton and Adam Jones are all free agents after 2018, Baltimore's rotation is currently short-handed and its farm system is not ready to provide big-time support.
“It's nothing new as far as the challenge to the rest of the division,” manager Buck Showalter said. “But God bless the Yankees, if I were them, I'd do the same thing.”
GM Dan Duquette added: “We are still going to try to compete the best we can.”
Like Machado, Donaldson is in their walk year. The Blue Jays are looking for corner-outfield bats to continue to try to win with their current group while not doing the kind of long-term deals or trade significant prospects that would unsettle the near future. Toronto officials know the team has done a good job regaining a fan base's support and do not want to disenchant them with a sell-off.
“It's hard not to be impacted by it, but we need to control what we can control and the general plan remains the same,” Blue Jays team president Mark Shapiro said.
The current belief is that Longoria is much more likely to be dealt this offseason than Machado or Donaldson, but since the latter two are in their walk year, if the AL East plays out as expected — with the Red Sox and Yankees separating themselves at the top — then already you could see Machado and Donaldson becoming the biggest names discussed at the July trade deadline.
The Mets are looking at myriad second base options and one of them is Ryan Goins, who was recently non-tendered by the Blue Jays.
Goins has been known for their versatility and strong defense, but also lacking offense. The Mets want to upgrade their defense and, in theory, could team the lefty swinger with a righty partner such as Wilmer Flores or T.J. Rivera at second.
The Phillies did due diligence on Stanton, making calls to get background information on him. But apparently nothing ever got overly serious between Philadelphia and Miami.
The Royals, contemplating a further teardown to rebuild, are fielding interest in closer Kelvin Herrera, who drew interest from the Astros, among others, at the trade deadline last July.
Herrera, who can be a free agent after the 2018 campaign, is coming off their worst season. They had a 4.25 ERA and allowed nine homers in 59 1/3 innings.
The Reds continue to listen on outfielders Billy Hamilton and Adam Duvall. The Giants, in particular, have had interest in the fleet Hamilton, who has topped 55 steals in each of the past four seasons and is rated a top defender at a time when San Francisco is looking to upgrade its fielding.
The Giants also are looking for righty power, and Duvall is one of only 12 players to top 30 homers in each of the last two seasons. They were actually traded by San Francisco to Cincinnati at the July 2015 deadline for Mike Leake. The Blue Jays also are interested in a corner-hitting outfield bat with power.
The Reds are trying to open up a corner outfield spot so Jesse Winker can play regularly.
Scientists have developed a brain-computer interface that reads the brain's blood oxygen levels and enables communication by deciphering the thoughts of patients who are totally paralyzed and unable to talk.
In a trial of the system in four patients with complete locked-in syndrome – incapable of moving even their eyes to communicate – it helped them use their thought waves to respond yes or no to spoken questions.
People who are paralyzed except for up and down eye movements and blinking are classified as having locked-in syndrome. If all eye movements are lost, the condition is referred to as complete locked-in syndrome.
Researchers leading this trial said the brain-computer interface (BCI), which is non-invasive, could transform the lives of such patients, allowing them to express feelings and opinion to their loved ones and carers.
Counter to expectations, the researchers said, the patients reported being “happy” despite their condition.
“The striking results overturn my own theory that people with complete locked-in syndrome are not capable of communication,” said Niels Birbaumer, a neuroscientist at Switzerland's Wyss Center for Bio and Neuroengineering, who co-led the study.
The trial, published in the journal PLOS Biology on Tuesday, involved four patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) – a progressive motor neuron disease that destroys the part of the nervous system responsible for movement.
The researchers asked personal questions with known answers, such as: “Your husband's name is Joachim?” and open questions that needed yes or no answers, such as “Are you happy?”.
The BCI technique used technologies called near-infrared spectroscopy and electroencephalography (EEG) to measure blood oxygenation and electrical activity in the brain.
“The machine records the blood flow… and calculates how (it) changes during “yes” and during “no”, and the computer develops an idea, a pattern,” Birbaumer told Reuters.
“And after a while, we know what the patient is thinking, when they think “yes”, or when they think “no”, and from that we calculate the answer.”
The “known” questions elicited correct responses seven times out of 10, and the question “Are you happy?” resulted in a consistent yes response from the four people, repeated over weeks of questioning.
John Donoghue, director of the Wyss Center, welcomed the work as “a crucial first step in the challenge to regain movement” for completely locked-in patients.
They said their team now plans to build on these results to develop the technology further and eventually aim for it to be available to people with paralysis resulting from ALS, stroke, or spinal cord injury.
Call it a chain reaction.
With the release of the latest "Fifty Shades" movie, lingerie stores and erotic websites are racing to capture consumers' interest in bondage — but are finding stiff competition.
While Main Street stores are taking advantage of the spike in interest in bondage, online sites still dominate when it comes to capturing fans and whipping up sales in the already lucrative industry.
British lingerie brand Coco de Mer collaborated with the Fifty Shades trilogy's author, E.L.James, to create an official Fifty Shades Darker collection, complete with suspender dresses and masks to symbolize lead character Anastasia Steele's sexual awakening.
Celebrate the launch of @FiftyShades in cinemas now with our official lingerie collection #FSDbyCocodeMer https://t.co/Tb5dk6fNmy pic.twitter.com/Tmxn5Ig3wB — Coco de Mer London (@CocoDeMerUK) February 10, 2017
"E.L. James took inspiration from the Coco de Mer boutique when writing the books, including inspiration for Christian Grey's Red Room," Lucy Litwack, Coco de Mer Managing Director, told NBC News. "The collection has been very popular since it launched, and I'm sure the film's release will boost interest in the collection, [although] it was popular with customers for its colors, silhouettes and the book before."
The interior of the Coco de Mer store in London. Coco de Mer
Globally, it would appear that bondage is coming out of the dungeon and onto Main Street: Legendary British lingerie line Ann Summers just released a racy S&M-inspired cinema ad — its first ever — as part of a Valentine's Day 2017 campaign.
Love. Lust. & everything in between. Watch the trailer for our Valentine's campaign & explore your #DarkerDesires: https://t.co/VDUlezTxku pic.twitter.com/AsXP3gmVXn — Ann Summers (@AnnSummers) January 30, 2017
"Our Valentine's 2017 campaign celebrates our heritage, but also shows that we know just what the customer wants from us," Ann Summers' brand director Jane Eskriett told NBC News.
Even squeaky-clean Taylor Swift has submitted to the trend, sporting a lingerie-styled outfit in their new video, "I Don't Wanna Live Forever," taken from the Fifty Shades Darker movie.
And sex is selling: After the first Fifty Shades movie was released in 2015, Ann Summers saw a year-on-year boost of over 42 percent for its online bondage products, and other sites like Bondara saw an average spike of 30 percent across the board.
According to Webgains data, overall online sales of sex toy, bondage, and lingerie products have increased year on year by 62 percent since 2014.
"The global sex toy and lingerie market is predicted to reach a value of £24 billion ($30 billion) by 2020, said WebGains CEO Richard Dennys. "When comparing the top 50 products year on year it's incredible to see the influence that the Fifty Shades franchise has had on what is already a lucrative industry."
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Second base is important, but the Mets' priority is the bullpen.
A day after indicating they may wait out the market in their attempt to land a free-agent reliever, general manager Sandy Alderson sounded more optimistic they could leave these Winter Meetings with another arm for their bullpen.
The Mets remain high on workhorse Bryan Shaw, but also have Tommy Hunter, Steve Cishek and Anthony Swarzak high on their list of options, according to industry sources.
“We are still focused most immediately on the bullpen,” Alderson said Monday. “We keep monitoring what's going on. We sense there is more activity on the bullpen side. So that continues to be our priority as it becomes a priority for other teams as well, and agents.”
The Cubs' addition of Brandon Morrow on Sunday was the first big bullpen splash of the meetings. Morrow signed a two-year deal worth $21 million, setting the market for anyone not named Wade Davis or Greg Holland.
Alderson seeks a quality arm to complement Jeurys Familia, AJ Ramos and Jerry Blevins in the late innings.
But the Mets also plan to limit most of their starting pitchers to going twice through the batting order next season — Noah Syndergaard and Jacob deGrom would be exempt — putting an increased emphasis on the bullpen.
“Bullpens have become increasingly important because of industry trends, as well as our own particular situation,” Alderson said. “We want to have enough depth to approach our pitching staff in its entirety, with a view toward trends and not so much be governed by trends, but be governed by the reality of success and failure as a pitching staff. We have as much depth now as we've had in the last couple of years, but we want to add to it.”
Report: Clippers nearing agreement with city of Inglewood for new arena
An end may be in sight for the Los Angeles Clippers' days of taking up residence in Staples Center.
Vincent Bonsignore of the Los Angeles Daily News reports on Wednesday that the Clippers are nearing an exclusive negotiating agreement with the city of Inglewood to build a new arena.
Hearing from multiple sources #Clippers and city of Inglewood closing in on a ENA for new #Clippers arena. — Vincent Bonsignore (@DailyNewsVinny) June 14, 2017
Brad Turner of the Los Angeles Times adds that an announcement from the team confirming the news is imminent.
Clippers will announce tomorrow that they are closing in on building a stadium in Inglewood, sources. — Brad Turner (@BA_Turner) June 14, 2017
The Clippers moved into Staples Center in 1999 and have been sharing it with the Los Angeles Lakers and the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL since. Their current lease runs through 2024.
Clippers owner Steve Ballmer has seemingly been flirting with the idea of moving out for a while now and Inglewood had indeed been mentioned as a possibility. The city previously played host to the Lakers, who resided at The Forum from 1967 to 1999. As for the Clippers, building their own arena nearby would be a big step towards forging an independent identity while still staying true to their Angeleno core.
Blockbuster shows are finding new life off-Broadway When Broadway's “Jersey Boys” closed up shop last January after a nearly 12-year run, fans were thrilled to hear it would soon return — off-Broadway. But with a smaller stage...
New Avenue Q ad has a major wardrobe malfunction A printer error reveals a photo of the show's comedic character Lucy the Slut exposing them nipples.
‘Hamilton' in a duel to reach Broadway “Hamilton,” the much-buzzed-about rap musical from Lin-Manuel Miranda (“In the Heights”), allegedly has extended its run at the Public Theater until April 5. I say “allegedly,” because I hear the...
NEW YORK — In an April 20 story about the Democratic National Committee filing a lawsuit over Russian meddling in the 2016 election, The Associated Press reported erroneously that U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz accused former FBI Director James Comey of damaging Hillary Clinton's chances against Donald Trump during a private briefing in January 2017. In fact, they made the accusation on April 16 during an exchange with reporters in their district office in Florida, according to the Sun Sentinel newspaper.
A corrected version of the story is below:
In court, Dems allege conspiracy between Trump camp, Russia
The Democratic National Committee has sued President Donald Trump's campaign, their son, their son-in-law, the Russian Federation and WikiLeaks, saying they conspired to help Trump win the 2016 presidential election
By TOM LoBIANCO and LARRY NEUMEISTER
Associated Press
The Democratic Party sued Donald Trump's presidential campaign, Russia, WikiLeaks and Trump's son and son-in-law Friday, accusing them of an intricate conspiracy to undercut Democrats in the 2016 election by stealing tens of thousands of emails and documents.
The lawsuit filed in Manhattan federal court seeks unspecified damages and an order to prevent further interference with computer systems of the Democratic National Committee.
“During the 2016 presidential campaign, Russia launched an all-out assault on our democracy, and it found a willing and active partner in Donald Trump's campaign,” DNC Chairman Tom Perez said in a statement. They called it an “act of unprecedented treachery.”
The Democrats accuse Trump and their associates of trading on pre-existing relationships with Russian oligarchs tied to President Vladimir Putin and of collaborating with Russia as it worked to undermine Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
The president has said repeatedly there was no collusion between their campaign and Russia. On Friday, their campaign scorned the lawsuit as “frivolous” and predicted it would be quickly dismissed.
“This is a sham lawsuit about a bogus Russian collusion claim filed by a desperate, dysfunctional and nearly insolvent Democratic Party,” Trump campaign manager Brad Parscale said in a statement.
They said the campaign would seek to turn the tables on the Democrats, using the legal discovery process to try to pry documents from the DNC including any related to a dossier detailing allegations of links between Trump and Russia. The dossier — a collection of memos — was written by an ex-British spy whose work was funded by Clinton and the DNC.
Trump themselves tweeted that the DNC lawsuit could be “very good news,” saying their campaign “will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI” as well as Hillary Clinton's emails.
Trump's tweet also referred to “the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man.” They appeared to be referring to former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and reports of an IT specialist who once worked for some House Democrats. Wendy Wasserstein was a playwright whose dramas included the Pulitzer Prize-winning “The Heidi Chronicles.”
Requests for comment from the Russian Embassy in Washington were not immediately returned.
The Democrats' lawsuit doesn't reveal new details in the sprawling storyline of connections between the Trump campaign and Russian operatives working on behalf of the Kremlin.
Instead it knits many of the threads that have emerged in public over the past two years to paint a picture of an alleged conspiracy between the Trump campaign, the Kremlin and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
The DNC says the “brazen attack on American democracy” began with a cyberattack on DNC computers and phone systems in 2015, allowing the extraction of tens of thousands of documents and emails. WikiLeaks then blasted out many of the documents on July 22, 2016, shortly before Clinton was to be nominated — upsetting the Democrats' national convention.
That added up to a “campaign of the presidential nominee of a major party in league with a hostile foreign power to bolster its own chance to win the presidency,” the DNC lawyers write in the lawsuit.
That conspiracy violated the laws of the U.S., Virginia and the District of Columbia, the lawsuit says, and “under the laws of this nation, Russia and its co-conspirators must answer for these actions.”
The DNC accuses Donald Trump Jr. of secretly communicating with WikiLeaks, and blames the president, too, saying they praised the illegal dissemination of DNC documents throughout fall 2016, making it a central theme of their speeches and rallies.
The DNC also fingers Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner as a co-conspirator for their role overseeing the Trump campaign's digital operation.
WikiLeaks responded to the lawsuit caustically.
“DNC already has a moribund publicity lawsuit which the press has become bored of–hence the need to refile it as a ‘new' suit before mid-terms,” the group said in a tweet. “As an accurate publisher of newsworthy information @WikiLeaks is constitutionally protected from such suits.”
Assange, avoiding detention, remains in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London.
Special counsel Robert Mueller has filed charges against multiple former Trump campaign aides stemming from their federal Russia probe. But Mueller has directly accused only former Trump campaign foreign policy aide George Papadopoulos of trying to work with Russian operatives to support the Trump campaign.
Mueller also has indicted 13 Russian individuals working for the Internet Research Agency accused of running an elaborate scheme to meddle in the U.S. elections. The indictment alleges one of Putin's close allies, Yevgeny Prigozhin, oversaw the effort.
The hacking of the DNC has long been a sore spot for Democrats across the board since Clinton's stunning loss in November 2016. The hack and subsequent release of the emails hit the party just before it formally nominated Clinton, and the emails remained a major issue through Election Day.
Wasserman Schultz lost their job as party chairperson just hours before the nominating convention after emails were released showing the DNC appearing to favour Clinton over Bernie Sanders in the primaries. The emails ripped open fresh wounds and formed a rallying cry for Sanders supporters hoping for a last-minute chance to deny the Clinton the nomination in Philadelphia.
Wasserman Schultz said earlier this month that they believe the way then-FBI Director James Comey handled the investigation into Clinton's emails played a role in Trump winning the presidency, the Sun Sentinel reported. DNC staffers also accused the FBI of not doing enough immediately after the hack was discovered in 2015 to alert them to the problem.
Democrats have similarly been critical of President Barack Obama for not doing enough in 2016 to fight back against Russia. Obama expelled Russian diplomats and shuttered diplomatic compounds in December 2016.
This is the second time in recent history that the DNC has sued a Republican president.
The Democrats sued Richard Nixon's Committee to Re-elect the President in 1973, following the break-in at the DNC's Watergate Hotel headquarters.
—-
Associated Press reporter Chad Day contributed to this report from Washington. LoBianco reported from Washington.
0:51
Trump says any NFL player who sits during anthem is 'son of a bitch' and should be fired
SEOUL — North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will be served Swiss rösti with a Korean twist at a summit on Friday with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, the South's presidential Blue House said on Tuesday.
The fried potato dish was chosen as an homage to Kim's childhood spent in Switzerland, the Blue House said in announcing the menu for Friday's welcome dinner.
Baked John Dory, a dish made from the flat sea fish, will be served as a nod to Moon's younger days in the South Korean port city of Busan.
North Korea has never confirmed Kim Jong-un was educated in Switzerland, but former classmates and teachers have said they spent time with them there. Swiss newspapers have also reported Kim went to school under a pseudonym in Switzerland.
Another item on the menu will be Pyongyang-style cold noodles, or naengmyeon, served in a chilled meat broth.
“President Moon had requested Pyongyang-style cold noodles from Okryu Gwan be included on the menu and North Korea gladly accepted,” said Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesperson.
Okryu Gwan is North Korea's best-known restaurant famous for the dish, and has branches in China as well.
The cold noodles will be made by the head chef at Okryu Gwan, who will travel to the truce border village of Panmunjom where the two leaders will meet on Friday, the Blue House spokesperson said.
Kim and Moon can wash down their meal with a fragrant wine made from azaleas.
Also on their table will be a distilled liquor called munbaeju that is 40 percent alcohol by volume and which originated in the North, but is now traditionally made in the South.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Stephanie Eddins (Gibbons), a Class of 1996 Nocona High School graduate, died in a tragic accident on the evening of June 5 in Jasper County.
Eddins, 39, drowned despite the efforts of their husband, Justin, who is a well-known Texas Parks and Wildlife Department game warden.
Justin Eddins tried to save Stephanie's life after they fell into the Angelina River behind their home before 5 p.m. The home is located on a county road in Bean, in northwest Jasper County.
According to Jasper County Sheriff Mitchell Newman, and relayed to KFDM Channel 6, Stephanie Eddins was mowing with a zero-turn rider.
Justin Eddins left for a few minutes, and when they returned they couldn't find their wife. Newman reported Eddins' wife was underneath the mower capsized in the lake.
Stephanie Eddins grew up in Nocona, and graduated from Midwestern State. They were a teacher at both Brookeland and Colmesneil ISDs. Read more in the June 14 Bowie News.
Stephanie Eddins (Gibbons). (Photo courtesy Shultz Funeral Home, Jasper)
Feds expand probe into Wells Fargo sales practices Wells Fargo's regulatory problems are getting worse — while its CEO's pay is getting fatter. The Department of Justice has expanded its probe of the bank into its sales practices,...
Senate passes bill loosening Dodd-Frank rules for banks WASHINGTON — The Senate has passed bipartisan legislation easing bank rules that were enacted after the financial crisis to prevent a relapse. The Senate voted 67-31 for a bill from...
Lawyer used Trump Organization email to pay Stormy Daniels President Trump's personal lawyer used their Trump Organization email account to set up a money transfer to an account at a Manhattan bank before they wired $130,000 in alleged hush...
Wall Street regulators look to water down the Volcker rule US regulators are considering changes to the “Volcker rule” that Wall Street has sought for years, including eliminating big banks' responsibility to prove they do not trade on their own...
Barclays' massive gender pay gap revealed One of the biggest banks on Wall Street on Thursday unveiled an eye-popping pay gap. Barclays, run by chief executive Jes Staley, pays its female investment bankers about half what...
Bank sues customer for hitting up overly generous ATM that spat out $100s A Kansas woman is facing a pricey lawsuit after a bank accused them of making dozens of withdrawals from a faulty ATM that was dispensing $100 bills instead of $5...
Bizarre glitch let Chase customers see other people's accounts A bizarre glitch in Chase's website late Wednesday briefly gave some of the bank's customers access to other people's accounts instead of their own. The temporary computer bug directed the...
Hungry hawk keeps leaving dead pigeons for disgusted bank staff DEWITT, N.Y. — The feeding habits of a Cooper's hawk may fascinate birdwatchers, but employees of a New York bank are fed up with the feathery remnants of slaughtered pigeons....
US Bank to pay $613M to settle money laundering charges US Bancorp said Thursday it will pay $613 million in fines and penalties to settle allegations that the bank had poor anti-money laundering controls, which put the bank repeatedly at...
“We recommend that everyone get the flu shot to prevent the flu,” said flu expert Dr. Daniel Jernigan of the Centers for Disease control and Prevention.
“Your best shot is the flu shot,” CDC says on its website.
“There's still going to be several weeks of influenza and if you're unvaccinated, we strongly recommend that you do get vaccinated,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, who directs the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
Flu vaccines John Brecher / msnbc.com
Public health officials have been struggling for decades to persuade Americans to get flu vaccines. It's a hard sell. Americans in general do not like getting shots, the vaccines on the market provide only mediocre protection, and many Americans still incorrectly believe flu shots can give them the flu.
Every year, the CDC says everyone 6 months old and older should get a flu vaccine — but every year, not even half of people do.
Related: Inside the multi-billion dollar effort to fight flu
In 2007, about 132 million doses were distributed. In 2017, more than 160 million doses were. Yet every year, many doses of vaccine go unused and get sent back to the makers.
In 2010, for instance, 162 million doses were produced but only 90 million people got vaccinated.
“We always have some return doses,” said Dr. Leonard Friedland, vice president for scientific affairs at GlaxoSmithKline Vaccines.
"Millions of doses have been discarded by manufacturers, including Sanofi Pasteur, every year since the pandemic in 2009," vaccine maker Sanofi Pasteur said in a statement.
"Health care providers annually return millions of doses they've purchased from manufacturers each year."
High demand for flu shots
This year may be different. While there is still a supply of vaccine across the country, the headlines about the epidemic mean more people are asking for vaccines.
“This year, demand has been extremely high,” Friedland said. “It has exceeded previous years and this is, of course, because it has been in the news.”
Flu comes every year, and every few seasons there is a bad one. Flu kills between 12,000 to 56,000 Americans every year, depending on how rough the season is, and it puts 140,000 to 710,000 people into the hospital.
"If we had a vaccine that was a very potent universal flu vaccine we probably wouldn't be talking about influenza right now." "If we had a vaccine that was a very potent universal flu vaccine we probably wouldn't be talking about influenza right now."
This year is shaping up to be on the severe end, and public health experts are taking advantage of the renewed interest.
“I would bet that there is going to be a better uptake this year, based on the news,” said John Shiver, senior vice president for global research and development at Sanofi Pasteur.
“Now all of a sudden everyone is, understandably, getting a bit exercised about how we are in the middle of flu season. They are starting to pay attention to the pediatric deaths that are associated with a bad season,” Fauci said.
Related: Flu shots build immunity
That focuses interest on vaccines.
“When we get a season like this, it highlights the importance,” Friedland said.
“There seems to be a resurgence of interest in developing a universal flu vaccine because we are paying a lot of attention to what happens when you don't have a good flu vaccine,” Fauci said.
A universal flu vaccine would protect people against multiple strains of flu, including mutant new strains, and would last for longer than a single flu season.
“We are having a very serious season and if we had a vaccine that was a very potent universal flu vaccine we probably wouldn't be talking about influenza right now,” Fauci added.
“Yet everyone is talking about influenza.”
Flu virus mutates constantly
Flu vaccines never provide 100 percent protection. Flu viruses mutate almost constantly, and several strains are circulating at any given time. The process used to make flu vaccines is clunky and old and the production process itself can mutate the virus that is the basis of the vaccine.
Related: Here's one reason flu vaccines are so lousy
That hurts demand.
“People are often more reluctant to take a vaccine if they hear it doesn't work well,” Shiver said.
Vaccine efficacy data for this season is not yet out, but CDC estimates the vaccines on the U.S. market right now only provide about 30 percent protection against the dominant strain, called H3N2. They are likely to work better against the other three common strains, and even 30 percent protection can translate to fewer deaths and hospitalizations, CDC says.
“Even in years when the vaccine is less effective against infections, it still quite effective in limiting severe disease and death,” Shiver said.
Fauci has seen many a flu season and he's not kidding themselves that interest in flu vaccines will last long.
“When the season ends in March or April and people start forgetting about influenza, I am going to still be intensively interested in developing a universal influenza vaccine,” they said.
NIAID, one of the National Institutes of Health, both conducts and pays for research into better flu vaccines. NIH often gets the basic research done and then licenses the most promising approaches for new vaccines and treatments to companies for commercial development.
Related: Caterpillar-grown vaccine protects better
“Not everyone is going to jump on the wagon when you haven't solved the scientific issues. That's why you need government investment in this and that is the reason why NIAID is involved in it,” Fauci said.
A universal vaccine would mean people would have to be vaccinated less often, and a truly universal vaccine would protect people against pandemics of new influenza viruses, which break out regularly. It's the 100th anniversary of the 1918 pandemic that killed between 50 million and 100 million people, and there were flu pandemics in 1957, 1968 and 2009.
And no one has cracked the problem of vaccinating people against a mutation-prone virus like flu.
Until that happens, the experts say, the U.S. is stuck with older vaccines and limited production.
Los Angles will be booting up the Bat-Signal to say farewell to Batman actor Adam West, who died last week aged 88.
The caped crusader's ceremonial spotlight will be aimed at the tower of LA's City Hall at 9pm (5am our time), with fans encouraged to gather in their best Batman outfits to celebrate the much-loved actor's career. LA Mayor Eric Garcetti and Police Chief Charlie Beck will light the iconic lamp.
West starred in the Batman TV series and in the 1966 movie version, becoming a campy comedy hero. They won over legions of fans with their tongue-in-cheek portrayal of the world's greatest superhero/shark repeller...
For UK fans who can't catch a batplane to the ceremony, West's family is encouraging people to donate to the Adam West Memorial Fund for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
Alex reckons the girls in the villa have been 'messing around with boys' and he's just the man they've been waiting for.
Alex Miller, one of the new boys entering the villa, isn't short on confidence, declaring that “the girls have been messing around with boys in the villa, it's time for a man to go in!”
Advertisement
The 28-year-old from Essex reckons the trait that will make them least likeable in the villa is that he's “pretty perfect”, although they do also admit that they suffer from “arrogance”.
He's only got one proper ex who they swear “should have nothing but nice things to say about me” and describes them as the “only girl I've been in love with”.
Alex cheated on their first ever girlfriend (presumably not the one who'll only have good things to say about him) when they were 18 and is taking a fairly relaxed approach to loyalty in the villa.
“If someone matches your personality better than the person you're coupled up with and you get a better vibe from them, see what happens. It is a bit cut throat in there and it has to be that way.”
As for whether he'll be picking friends over girls, they say “I am a boys' boy but I'm not there to make friends, I am there to meet someone. I'm not taking Jack home to my Mum's house am I?”
They also reckon they look better than “everyone else in glasses” which Dani and Lauren might have something to say about.
What's Alex looking for in a girl?
Alex's type is petite brunettes, which has meant he's taken a shine to the very coupled up Dani Dyer. He's not worried, saying “we'll have to see how coupled up they really are when I go in…”
He's also got their eye on the slightly more available Ellie, describing them as “cute”.
They don't like “boring birds” and says “as long as they are funny and have a good personality” then he'll be interested.
When a girl gets jealous, that's Alex's biggest turn off, which could be a problem in the Love Island villa where envy runs rampant.
Who is Alex Miller? Key facts:
Age: 28
Job: Structural Glazier
Instagram: @mralexmiller1990
Location: Essex
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
Scientists in Japan have developed a device that can read people's thoughts by monitoring their brainwaves. The system is capable of translating brain activity into numbers and syllables and could be used to create a telepathic 'typewriter' for people who are unable to communicate.
Researchers at Toyohashi University of Technology claim the system can recognise the numbers zero to nine with a 90% accuracy rate and also recognises 18 types of Japanese monosyllables with an accuracy of 60%.
Trending: Will I have a heart attack? This AI can predict more accurately than doctors
An "easily operated" version of the device connected to a smartphone could be developed within the next five years, the research group said.
To develop the device, scientists used an electroencephalogram (EEG) connected to electrodes that to monitor people's brain waves while they spoke aloud. Brain activity data was then mapped to numbers and syllables though machine learning, eventually enabling the system to automatically recognise what was being said.
Don't miss: India starts #BoycottSnapchat after CEO's alleged 'poor country' comments
View photos Electroencephalogram (EEG) More
The group now plans to create a brain-computer interface capable of recognising words based on thoughts alone, which could materialise in the form of "an EEG-activated typewriter in the near future" and offer a "natural interface without any limitation".
Most popular: Computing pioneer and creator of the internet Bob Taylor dies at 85
Technology allowing humans to interface with machines using thought alone has generated a huge amount of interest from research groups in recent years, with major organisations including Facebook and Darpa both looking to make brain-computer interfaces a reality.
Mark Zuckerberg is a known proponent of the technology, having previously suggested that future social media platforms would allow users to communicate with each other directly using thought alone.
You may be interested in:
Peter Broughall – Passlands, Monasterevin
Peacefully in the loving care of the staff of St Vincent's Hospital Athy. Beloved husband of the late Angela. Deeply regretted by their loving sons Orville, Allastair and Galen, grandchildren, sisters, daughters-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. Rest In Peace. Reposing at their son Galen residence Inchacooley Monasterevin on Monday August 14 from 4pm with Rosary at 8pm. Removal on Tuesday August 15 at 10:20am arriving SS Peter and Paul's Church Monasterevin for Requiem Mass at 11am. Funeral afterwards to St Evin's Cemetery Monasterevin. Family Flowers Only Please. Donations if desired to St Vincent's Hospital Comfort Fund Athy.
Tom Cregg – Ballymore Eustace
August 12 2017. In the tender loving care of the staff of the Dunlavin Nursing Home. Loving husband of Phyllis and loving father of Peter, Patricia, Áine and the late Michael. Will be dearly missed by their family, sons in law Paddy and Niall, Peters partner Gaye,grandchildren Karen, Michael, Rebecca and Finn, sisters Mary and Bridget, brothers in law, nieces, nephews, extended family, relatives and friends. Funeral Mass on Monday August 14 at 11.00am followed by burial in St. Mary's Cemetery.
Nora Kelly (née Noone) – Lucan, Dublin / Enfield
August 12 2017, wife of the late Brendan, peacefully in the wonderful care of the staff of Parke House Nursing Home Kilcock deeply regretted by their daughter Mary son Joe, grandchildren Brendan, Josh and Jenna, sisters, brothers, daughter-in-law Laura, sisters-in-law, brothers-in-law, nieces, nephews, cousins, relatives and friends. Reposing at Carroll and O Neill Funeral Home Thornhill Maynooth Road Celbridge (beside Celbridge House pub) on Tuesday (Aug 15) from 6pm until 8pm. Removal on Wednesday morning (Aug 16) to St. Mary's Church Lucan, arriving for Funeral Mass at 10am. Burial afterwards in St.Josephs cemetery Kilcock
The acceptance has arrived, the sweatshirts have been purchased and all signs point to college in the fall — but what are you supposed to do if your acceptance is rescinded?
For prospective students at the University of California, Irvine, that nightmare came true. In July, the college took back nearly 500 acceptances, citing over-enrollment. Students and parents were outraged, and the college re-extended many of the original offers.
You may have also heard about the would-be Harvard students whose acceptances were rescinded after it was discovered they had posted deeply offensive memes in a Facebook group chat, violating the university's code of conduct.
The truth is, a rescinded admission — especially on this scale — is relatively rare. But it does happen, and colleges are clear about their policies surrounding what they call a pending acceptance. In fact, when you get an acceptance notification, that's exactly what you've received: An acceptance to the school pending several factors, such as whether your final grades are up to par.
The campus on the University of California, Irvine. David McNew / Redux Pictures
Know the rules
“A lot of times with the kids and parents when they receive the initial acceptance letter, they don't understand that it's pending,” said Dawn Mann, the counselor at Harrison High School in Kennesaw, Georgia. “Actually in the computer, that status is AP — that means you are accepted pending a couple of things.”
Mann tells their students about the importance of maintaining the status quo. “It's not about improving. But the 12th year does matter, and you're not off the hook when you receive that initial admissions letter of acceptance.”
Though Mann has never had a student's acceptance rescinded, they know that Georgia Tech and the University of Georgia, in particular, have strict and rigorous standards for their incoming students. So if a high schooler hits the news for a criminal act, the colleges will check that teen's name in their system to see if they or they are one of theirs.
So what can you do to prevent — and problem-solve — a potential issue before matriculating?
Know the rules, said Rachel White, a master-level counselor at educational consulting firm IvyWise.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steve Kornacki: Why I Chose Boston University 2:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“I'm sure it's available on the website, but it's probably easier to ask someone at the school because sometimes it's hard to get through all that fine print,” said White.
“Don't be afraid to pick up the phone and call the admissions office and ask: once all the excitement has worn off and all you've been accepted and you've enrolled, what happens next? What do students need to be aware of — timelines if there's a big deadline coming up when you need to send paperwork or even just register for classes. That stuff should be on the forefront of parents' and students' minds.”
Because applying to college is such a lengthy process, students may want to sit back and coast, said White. But don't. “It almost feels like you've crossed the finish line, but in fact there's still a little farther to go, and arguably the most important stuff is to come.”
'You never know how things are going to come up'
Should disaster strike — you miss a deadline, or there's a dip in your grades or a disciplinary infraction — pick up the phone, the experts advise. Remember that the admissions office is a living, breathing group of dedicated professionals who want you to attend their school — and don't want to punish you if they don't have to.
And be honest.
“I tell my students and parents: You need to disclose information because you never know how things are going to come up, and how admissions officers will find out about certain situations,” said Mann. “But don't write two paragraphs about the mistake. Write one paragraph about it, and your next two should contain the information on what you've learned from that mistake, and how you've used that past behavior to improve how you make decisions now, and how much you've grown.”
DUBLIN, Ohio — The timing was too perfect to resist for Rory McIlroy.
McIlroy was in mid-conversation with reporters during their pre-tournament press conference Wednesday in advance of The Memorial, which begins on Thursday at Muirfield, when they were asked about the pressures of being the No. 1 ranked player in the world.
As they began to answer the question, they noticed Justin Thomas — who's currently No. 1 — standing in the back of the room.
“I think it's really hard to try and play as a world No. 1,” McIlroy said with a grin. “I think it's really difficult. I mean you've got so much pressure on your shoulders. There's a bull's-eye on your back, it's just really tough.”
Thomas is merely in their 18th day as the top-ranked player in the world, having taken it from Dustin Johnson after the final round of The Players Championship. The Memorial, in fact, is their first tournament as No. 1, and Thomas is relishing their time at the top.
“I enjoyed it for a couple days when I had the two weeks off, but after that it was over with,” Thomas said. “I wasn't really thinking about it. It's odd because nothing comes with it. Like when you win a tournament, you win, you get a trophy, you get a lot of money, you do a press conference afterwards. I think I was in the middle of flying home (from The Players) when DJ finished and I had been told (he was No. 1).
“I ended up staying late enough to where I waited to refresh it (on the computer) and saw it and it was pretty cool.”
Asked if they took a screen shot of it, Thomas nodded and said, “Of course. Why wouldn't you?”
“Seeing every other golfer in the world behind my name was a pretty fun thing,” they said.
Thomas, earnest and open, does not come across as the kind of player who's going to coast as No. 1. When they addressed the possibility of reaching No. 1 at The Players, the first thought from Thomas was how important it would be for them to maintain that lofty status. The volatility at the top of the rankings is real and Thomas knows he'll need to remain on form to stay No. 1.
That, of course, begins with this week at Memorial, where eight of the top-10 ranked players in the world are playing.
“This field is always extremely strong and there are a lot of great players that I'm going to need to play well to have a chance to win this week,” Thomas said.
Johnson, who held the No. 1 ranking for 64 consecutive weeks before Thomas unseated them at The Players, called reclaiming the top spot “something that is going to motivate me to work harder and get my game back into the form that I think it should be in.”
“I definitely would like to get back there just as much as I wanted to get there the first time,” Johnson said. “I think we're headed in the right direction. The golf game feels really good right now and obviously got a few big weeks coming up here.”
Asked if they were “bummed out” when they were overtaken by Thomas, Johnson said, “No, I wasn't. He's been playing very well and obviously he's been playing a little bit better than me, so they deserved to pass me.”
Thomas, who has 9.10 points at No. 1, has a scant lead at the top. They can be overtaken this week by either Johnson, who has 8.90 points at No. 2, Justin Rose, who has 8.39 at No. 3, or Jordan Spieth, who has 7.89 at No. 5.
How long Thomas remains ahead of the pack is all up to him.
“I'm worried about hitting my tee shot on No. 10 at the Memorial first,” Thomas said.
Good answer.
First Lady Melania Trump sported a dramatic white hat as they and their husband hosted French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte Macron for a White House state visit on Tuesday morning.
Not since Pharrell Williams wore a 10-gallon hat to the 2014 Grammys has a chapeau created so many waves on social media.
Some said Melania was channeling their inner Olivia Pope, while another Twitter user compared the look to Beyoncé's oversized, black “Formation” hat: “Is Melania about to drop their OWN version of Lemonade?”
Despite drawing both raves and roasts, Melania's chic ensemble was decidedly American — and pricey.
While it's unclear which milliner created their statement-making topper, their $2,195 suit with a belted asymmetrical blazer is by Michael Kors Collection.
Perhaps in a nod to their Gallic guests, their $745, 4.7-inch heels were from celebrity favorite French shoe designer, Christian Louboutin.
The French first lady also donned white, but they opted or a less fashion-forward look, with a shift dress and smart jacket.
White is a favorite color of the first lady's. They wore a Dior jumpsuit of the same hue to the State of the Union address.
You need to save money. It's the most basic and important financial advice you'll ever hear. Whether you're saving up for a rainy day, a down payment on a home, or retirement, there are plenty of good reasons why we should all be stashing some cash.
Continue Reading Below
So how are Americans doing when it comes to putting that advice into practice? It turns out many people think they're doing better with saving this year — but on the whole, we're not putting aside nearly enough money to accomplish important savings goals.
Image source: Getty Images.
Americans are feeling better about their savings, but not doing better
A survey of more than 1,000 adults conducted byPrinceton Survey Research Associates International on behalf of Bankrate found Americans' Financial Security Index was at a record high in March of 2017.
Americans reported increased satisfaction with both their net worth and their savings.In fact, for the first time in more than six years of polling, a higher percentage of Americans described feeling comfortable with their savings, rather than uncomfortable. While 27% of respondents in the 2016 survey said they were “uncomfortable” with their savings, just 19% reported discomfort this year. In prior polling, the respondents feeling uncomfortable always outnumbered those who felt more comfortable.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Unfortunately, feeling better about saving and actually being better at saving aren't the same thing. Only 48% of Americans are actually saving any money at all, and 25% are saving only 1%-5% of their incomes. Only 25% reported socking away in excess of 10% of their incomes this year, which is still less than the minimum recommended by most financial experts.
How can Americans boost their savings?
Not saving enough can create major problems, both now and in the future. While increasing your savings rate can be a challenge, these tips can help.
Automate the process
One in six survey respondents said they weren't saving more simply because they hadn't gotten around to it. But saving shouldn't be difficult. The fastest way to start saving is to set up automatic withdrawals from your paycheck into your retirement savings account — namely, your 401(k) if you have one, or an IRA if you don't. Services like Betterment allow you to set up an IRA with just a few clicks and use RoboAdvisors to automate the investing process at a low fee. Answer a few simple questions about your investing profile and everything else is done for you. Once you've got savings automated for retirement, consider setting up an automatic transfer of a small amount of money each payday into a high-interest savings account for emergencies or long-term goals.
Look for ways to cut expenses
Over a third of survey respondents cited high expenses as the reason they weren't saving. You can — and should — create a full budget to see where your money is going and find ways to reduce what you spend. If you aren't ready to make a budget, look over credit card statements and bank transactions to see what you can cut. Cancel a gym membership you aren't using, start packing your lunch instead of eating out, or make your coffee at home. Whatever the value of the expenses you're cutting, transfer that money on a weekly basis right into savings.
Take advantage of savings apps
Digit is an app that analyzes your spending, calculates what you can save, and transfers money automatically out of your checking account and into savings. Unfortunately, Digit is now charging a $2.99 monthly fee, although they're offering a bonus for larger savers. If you keep at least $3,600 in your account, you'll break even on the fee, and the features of the service may still be worthwhile.
There are also alternatives including Qapital, which allows you to create your own rules for automatic savings, like transferring money to savings whenever you shop at a certain store.Acornsrounds your purchases up to the nearest dollar and invests the difference automatically in index-tracking exchange-traded funds. Acorn charges $1 per month, or 0.25% annually if you have more than $5,000 saved.
Start small
If necessary, start saving just 1% of your income. Gradually increase the amount you save and, if you get a raise or a bonus, automatically divert some or all of your extra pay to savings goals before getting used to the extra income.
Saving is possible for many families and individuals, especially those who aren't saving just because they haven't made the time.If you make saving automatic and pay yourself first, you'll actually have a very good reason to be confident about your savings rate this year.
The $16,122 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,122 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
PITTSBURGH — Ryan Shazier was everywhere. Their helmet rested on the Pittsburgh Steelers' bench. Their jersey, too. Their face and #Shalieve stitched on specially designed cleats. Their familiar No. 50 printed in white in the middle of a gold circle on T-shirts worn by teammates searching for a way to let Shazier know they are never far from their mind as they recover from a spinal injury that put the linebacker's blossoming career in jeopardy.
Shazier may never play football again. That doesn't make them any less of a Steeler. And the men who have taken so much from them over the last three-plus years decided it was time they gave them something back in return: the AFC North title they ordered them to lock down without him.
Chris Boswell made a 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left and Pittsburgh's defense overcame a shaky night without its most dynamic player to shut down Baltimore's last-gasp drive and hold on for a 39-38 victory on Sunday night to capture their third division title in the last four years.
“We are riding with that guy,” head coach Mike Tomlin said of Shazier. “He is strong.  They are strengthening us.”
Looked like it.
The Steelers (11-2) trailed by 11 points going into the fourth quarter but capped an emotionally draining week to rally for their eighth straight victory, one they couldn't wait to share with Shazier, who joined the giddy postgame celebration via Facetime.
“It's something I'll never forget,” defensive tackle Stephen Tuitt told ESPN.
Ben Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times. Antonio Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards, including two long gains in the fourth quarter that allowed the Steelers to recover after blowing an early 14-point lead. Le'Veon Bell had 125 yards of total offense and scored three touchdowns.
“We can win a shootout against anybody,” Bell said. “I feel like we can score points whenever we need to.”
Good thing, because Pittsburgh might have to. The Ravens (7-6) rolled up 414 yards against the NFL's fourth-ranked defense and recovered from a slow start to score on five consecutive drives and six out of seven to take a 38-29 lead on Javorius Allen's second touchdown with 6:44 left.
Not much time against most teams. Far too much against the Steelers.
Roethlisberger and Brown, who is mounting a legitimate MVP candidacy, hooked up on a 57-yard connection to set up an 11-yard sprint by Bell with 3:29 to go. The Steelers forced the Ravens into a three-and-out and Roethlisberger calmly led Pittsburgh within field goal range, including a 34-yard lob down the sideline to Brown that set up Boswell's winner.
Baltimore's Joe Flacco threw for 269 yards passing with two touchdowns and one interception but was strip-sacked by rookie linebacker T.J. Watt on the Ravens' final snap.
“This one hurts,” Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs said. “We lose to them the same way we did last year. This one sucks, but we've got to get over it. Yeah, this one's going to hurt, but it's best for us to have a short memory on this one because if we win out there's a good chance we'll be in [the playoffs].”
Shazier, who's been in the hospital since injuring their spine in the first quarter of last week's victory over Cincinnati, told their teammates to finish the work they helped start. Even as they celebrated an important step in a journey they hope will carry them deep into the postseason, they were making plans to keep Shazier involved, starting with a late-night trip to the hospital to deliver them their AFC North champions swag.
“We are going to give them the hat and T-shirt tonight,” good friend and fellow inside linebacker Vince Williams said.
When someone mentioned visitors' hours were probably over, Williams repeated “tonight.” Then, it was home to rest before preparing for a showdown with New England next Sunday.
“That's the crazy part about the NFL, things constantly change and you've got to keep rolling,” Williams said. “So you've got to find a way to roll with the punches even though it may be a haymaker, got to find a way to recover.”
This is a year Genevieve Fisher is unlikely to forget.
First, the 25-year-old country singer-songwriter saw their song, Take It On Home, break through the Top 40 country music charts after four successive songs reached the Top 50.
A month later Fisher won the country music category at the Jack Richardson London Music Awards.
Then, the Country Music Association of Ontario announced Fisher and London native Jessica Mitchell were both nominated for the association's female artist of the year award, later won by Meghan Patrick.
And, now, Fisher's newest single, You Me We, is their second consecutive single to break into the Top 40, up against Canadian and American country stars.
“It's just been amazing,” said Fisher, who also found time along the way to get married to Brian Shaw.
“This year's been crazy.
How far You Me We will climb is anyone's guess. So far, Fisher said it's been a “roller coaster ride” with the tune.
“Every song is different and you never know what's going to happen,” Fisher said. “This was a tough song. I was getting worried because it wasn't getting picked up (by radio stations) but then all of a sudden they started playing it.”
Other songs by Fisher that made the Top 50, but not beyond, include July (2012), Shut Down This Day (2013), Bad Enough (2013) and Night In Night Out (2014).
The graduate of Western University's Don Wright Faculty of Music was identified by the TopCountry.ca website, as one of the emerging country artists to watch in 2017 and they have not disappointed.
To date, there is no plan to put out an album. Fisher is an independent artist not signed to a ­label.
“I want to make sure I'm putting out songs that I really want to sing,” said Fisher, who's not opposed to signing with a label.
“So I feel like there are more pluses to be an indie artist right now because you have the freedom to do what you want and when you want to do it.”
Fisher said their calendar for next summer's festival season is “packed” and they haven't yet heard if she'll be performing at this year's Country Music Association of Ontario's awards gala being held in London June 3 at Centennial Hall.
“I'm not sure, but I would love to,” said Fisher. “It'll be an interesting year and we'll have to wait and see what happens.”
jbelanger@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
Video: Tiwa Savage Ft. Omarion – Get It Now (Remix)
Nigerian music diva, Tiwa Savage combined forces with American singer, Omarion some weeks ago to deliver an official remix for “Get It Now“.
https://www.yabaleftonline.ng/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Tiwa_Savage_Ft_Omarion_Get_It_Now_Remix.mp3
DOWNLOAD MP3
Well, they have returned with the visuals to the grace the song, in a cut directed by Meji Alabi.
Watch the Video:
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Video: Tiwa Savage Ft. Omarion – Get It Now (Remix) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
More Videos 1:30 Bird's-eye view from the largest traveling Ferris wheel in America Pause 1:03 Man strapped to back board after being hit by vehicle at Macon high-rise 1:32 They had no risk factors. But at 33, they were diagnosed with breast cancer 3:57 Cop Shop Podcast: Teen son wants brandy, mom says no, Chihuahua yaps 2:01 Eason gets injured, Fromm leads Georgia to victory 1:34 Lorenzo Carter: 'We play old-school football' 0:26 Large distribution center possibly for Amazon 0:40 Irma winds blow tree against Stanislaus home 1:30 Northside teacher wants to check this one off their bucket list 0:58 Warner Robins defeats Houston County Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Stratford student in the running for national research prize Tejas Athni, a junior at Stratford Academy, applied leaf extract from a medicinal plant to brain tumor cells over the summer for a research project.  They are one of 15 high school students in the running for a national neuroscience research prize. Tejas Athni, a junior at Stratford Academy, applied leaf extract from a medicinal plant to brain tumor cells over the summer for a research project.  They are one of 15 high school students in the running for a national neuroscience research prize. Andrea Honaker The Telegraph
Tejas Athni, a junior at Stratford Academy, applied leaf extract from a medicinal plant to brain tumor cells over the summer for a research project.  They are one of 15 high school students in the running for a national neuroscience research prize. Andrea Honaker The Telegraph
Stormy Daniels' lawyer Michael Avenatti must stop their “publicity tour” if they want to be a part of a court proceeding about materials seized in a criminal probe of President Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen, a Manhattan federal judge said Wednesday.
The proceeding, over whether the feds seized material protected by attorney-client privilege, including Cohen's communications with Trump, is “a potential precursor” to criminal charges against Cohen, Judge Kimba Wood told Avenatti at a hearing.
The judge said they are worried that Avenatti's “denigrating Mr. Cohen” could deprive them of a fair trial if they are criminally charged by the feds, who are looking into their business dealings, including a $130,000 “hush money” payment to Avenatti's porn star client, who claims they had a fling with the President.
“You will not be able to declare your opinion of Mr. Cohen's guilt,” Judge Wood said. “You will not be able to give publicity to documents that are not public.”
Avenatti said they would consider whether to make a motion to intervene in the matter.
In the meantime, their request to be a part of the proceeding without officially intervening was denied.
Avenatti has asked to be a part of the proceeding because they believe the feds may have seized communications between Daniels' former lawyer, Keith Davidson, and Cohen that they claim could be protected by attorney-client privilege.
The feds, meanwhile, say they have turned over to Cohen everything they seized in an April FBI raid on their resident, office and hotel room, with the exception of materials from two Blackberries and the contents of a shredder so they can review the materials for privileged documents that should be off-limits to the feds.
Prosecutor Rachel Maimim said the two Blackberries are currently being hacked in the FBI's Quantico headquarters and suggested that the feds are slowly piecing back together the contents to the shredder, which Maimim said were “not voluminous at all.”
The judge asked Cohen's lawyer Todd Harrison if they could give the feds the passwords to the Blackberries. After some consultation with Cohen, Harrison told the judge that they could not because the Blackberries were roughly eight years old and that one or both may have been Cohen's wife.
The judge set a deadline of June 15th for Cohen's lawyers to turn over materials they have received from the feds to a “special master” hired to determine which documents are privileged and therefore off limits to the feds.
If they fail to meet the deadline, they will turn over the remaining materials to a government “taint team,” they said.
Much of the rest of the hearing was taken up by vicious bickering between Avenatti and lawyers for Cohen and Trump.
Cohen's lawyer blasted Avenatti for publicly releasing Cohen's banking records, calling it “a premeditated driveby shooting of my client's rights.”
Avenatti shot back with allegations that Cohen leaked audio recordings of their discussions with Daniels' former lawyer, Keith Davidson, had with Cohen. Davidson negotiated the $130,000 “hush money” payment to Daniels over their claims that they had a fling with President Trump.
Trump has denied any affair.
The exchange ended with Trump's lawyer, Joanna Hendon, passing up a manilla folder to the judge that they said included evidence that Avenatti lied when said in a court filing that law firm Egan Avenatti never represented Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford.
“As recently as last week, the [Egan Avenatti] firm was in communications with the President's counsel,” they said of the contents of the folder.
Hendon then blasted Avenatti's court filing stating that Egan Avenatti was not the law firm for Daniels' as “carefully constructed” and “misleading.”
Avenatti made the statements after Cohen's lawyers told the judge that Egan Avenatti had been hit with a $10 million judgement in bankruptcy court tied to allegations that the firm owed money to a lawyer — and misstated its profits in order to avoid paying up.
4 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit
Story by Anna Dollar, News Reporter
Photo by Mickey Hutchings
Near-pandemic, pandemic is defined as a widespread disease, levels of flu and influenza-like illnesses caused the Appalachian Regional Healthcare System to start limiting visitations at Watauga Medical Center, Charles A. Cannon Jr. Memorial Hospital and The Foley Center as of Feb. 14, according to the Watauga Democrat.
The numbers for the flu have been higher this year. The percentage of influenza-like illness in ILINET outpatient visits on Feb. 10 of 2018 was about 11 percent while on Feb. 10 of 2016 it was about 2 percent. The number of cases of the flu at the university were also higher this year, Dr. Robert Ellison, director of Mary S. Shook Student Health Services at Appalachian State, said.
“We also had an earlier flu onset,” Ellison said. “Typically, the flu begins to show itself after two to three weeks of students coming back from Christmas break, and it seemed to be about a week earlier this year.”
Ellison said that the flu peaked on campus toward the beginning of February.
“During that time, approximately 25 percent of everything we were seeing in clinic each day was flu or flu-like in nature,” Ellison said. “It was thought before the flu season really began that this was going to be a much heavier flu season across the United States. Public health experts anticipated that, and correctly so.”
According to Dr. Kathleen Rayman, chair of the Department of Nursing at Appalachian State, the school gets information from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which tracks national and international cases of the flu and keeps the data in order to make comparisons of each flu season.
“They try to make predictions about how they are going to set up the vaccines based on those data,” Rayman said. “But there are a lot of other things that figure into that whole scenario so it's not a perfect science.”
Rayman said that the elderly, small children and those with compromised immune systems are at greater risk for the flu. They also said the impact of the flu is different for each person that contracts it.
“Treat it seriously. That's why they tell you to get your flu shots. Just try to take precautions in terms of good, general health habits. That's the best thing that you can do, which would be diet, exercise, stress reduction,” Rayman said.
@Anna_Carrr News Reporter
A SERIOUS fire has caused extensive damage to the new golf club house on the grounds of Limerick's Adare Manor Hotel and Golf Resort.
Ten units of the fire service have attended the incident on the grounds of the JP McManus-owned hotel, which is currently undergoing a multi-million euro redevelopment.
According to sources the club house – known as the Carriage House – which was nearing completion in recent days, suffered extensive damage as a result of the blaze which broke out in the early hours of this Monday morning.
Fire service personnel were still at the scene until 10am this morning, the Leader can confirm.
Ten units of the fire service, from Limerick city, Kilmallock, Rathkeale and Newcastle West responded after the alarm was raised at 3.49am.
"We would like to thank the local fire service for their prompt response, when they were called early this morning to put out a fire, which had started in part of the roof of the Club House terrace," said a spokesperson for Adare Manor.
"The Club House, which is currently under refurbishment, was unoccupied at the time and no-one was injured. It is not known what started the fire, but a review of the site will be conducted over the coming days. No other part of the resort was affected.
"We have a great team at Adare Manor working on the refurbishment and development programme and the team will work together to recover from this morning's incident," continued the spokesperson.
"We have received a huge amount of local support for the refurbishment programme and Adare Manor is still on schedule to open in Q4 of 2017."
Meanwhile, staff at the manor have confirmed that a recruitment open day which is scheduled for this Monday is still going ahead despite the fire on the property.
The last recruitment day will take place this Tuesday, before the resort's grand opening this autumn.
The golf course at the Manor has seen a multi-million euro overhaul, overseen by world-renowned golf architect Tom Fazio and their team.
The Carriage House was designed by Limerick architects Michael Healy and Partners, who completed "a brand-new clubhouse worthy of a championship course, so that players have a special place to relax, unwind and enjoy mouth-watering food and drink as they either boast or forget about the round just finished", according to the resort's website.
In honor of the rowdy scene surrounding the 16th hole at TPC Scottsdale, Cut Line offers a lively take on Tiger Woods' return, slow play and the realities of trying to become a mainstream sport.
Made Cut
Something new. If you're part of the segment of the golf world that has dug in against the raucousness of TPC Scottsdale's 16th hole, you may be missing the big picture.
To be sure, No. 16 at this week's Waste Management Phoenix Open is an acquired taste, and players are quick to point out that a steady diet of the 16th hole's shenanigans would get old real quick, but the push back is another example of golf refusing to embrace something new.
“I may be somewhat of a fan-favorite, but they weren't holding back,” Rickie Fowler said this week. “I was a little disappointed with some of the stuff that was said, and I don't want much negativity. The normal boos for missing a green, that's fine, but leave the heckling to a minimum and make it fun, support the guys out playing.”
Fowler's point is valid - golf has always demanded a degree of decorum - but that ignores the realities in other sports and the game's desire to broaden its appeal.
Mainstream sports, which is what golf aspires to be, are not always warm and fuzzy and can be, on occasion, downright unsavory.
Pro-(and no con) am. The PGA Tour embarked on a new experiment this week at TPC Scottsdale, giving players an option to play just nine holes of Wednesday's pro-am.
For players, the time commitment of the pro-am can be a drain and the new policy has targeted seven events where the format will be used this season.
“There's no other sport where you have to do a six- or seven-hour requirement the day before a competition,” Kevin Streelman told Cut Line. “LeBron [James] doesn't have to do a seven-hour dinner the night before their basketball games.”
The new plan allows players to just go nine with the amateurs before being replaced by another professional for the closing loop; or they can play all 18 holes if they choose. It also allows amateurs, who pay handsomely to play the pro-am, to mix it up with two Tour types for the price of one.
It's a rare win-win for the game and another sign the circuit is beginning to embrace new ideas.
Made Cut-Did Not Finish (MDF)
The Return. Tiger Woods' first official event on the Tour in a year wasn't perfect. They hit just nine fairways over their last 54 holes and, if not for a vintage short game, they would not have seen the weekend at Torrey Pines.
Still, Woods' return following fusion surgery on their lower back last April should be applauded as a positive step forward after so many steps back in recent years.
Where Woods' tie for 23rd at last week's Farmers Insurance Open goes off the rails is the predictable reaction from some that he's ready to return to greatness. On this, Woods should be considered the most reasonable voice in the room.
“After not playing for a couple years and coming out here on the Tour, playing, you know, a solid four days, I fought hard for these scores,” Woods said. “They weren't like drive down the middle, hit it on the green, two putts, one of those yawners. This was a lot of fight.”
Maybe this wasn't exactly what some fans and observers were hoping for, but based on their play at Torrey Pines Woods' take provides a degree of more realistic expectations for the foreseeable future.
Missed Cut
Denial. It took just a little over four minutes for J.B. Holmes to become the face of slow play on Tour. That's the amount of time Holmes needed to play their second shot on the 72nd hole last week at Torrey Pines.
Slow play is problem, not just on Tour but throughout golf, and taking over four minutes to play a shot from the fairway, without a ruling or penalty stroke should not be the norm; but this isn't a J.B. Holmes problem. It's a Tour problem.
“As it relates to J.B. . . . They were in the heat of the moment,” commissioner Jay Monahan said this week. “It's really hard to win out here. You're trying to think through how you can get on the green in two with that amount of wind. I think they thought it would subside quickly, and it subsided and picked back up, and I think they said what they needed to say.”
It's unfortunate the commissioner didn't say what many want to hear. Rounds that drifted nearly six hours on Sunday at Torrey Pines are bad for the game, bad for the Tour, and until the circuit admits there's a problem, it's only going to get worse.
Tweet of the week:
Last group was over a hole behind, we can all blame JB...and yes the player should take responsibility for their pace of play, but if they don't that's why we have Tour officials - they needed to step in a while ago IMO. — Luke Donald (@LukeDonald) January 28, 2018
Some players, most notably Justin Thomas, came to Holmes' defense this week, and to be fair Holmes didn't violate the Tour's pace of play policy. As Donald correctly points out, that's a problem with the policy, not the player.
The Jets filled another need on Wednesday, agreeing to a deal with free-agent center Spencer Long on a four-year deal, according to a source. Long was selected by the Redskins...
The Jets will have a new inside linebacker this season. The team agreed to a deal with Avery Williamson, formerly of the Titans, on Tuesday night. That spells the end...
A Michigan gas station manager was fired after their callous response to an employee's request for time off to be with their son, who was reportedly placed on life support, went viral.
Crystal Fisher, of Albion, told FOX 17 that their son Jason, 18, was rushed to the hospital on Thursday after their temperature spiked to 104 degrees and they had “low oxygen.”
Fisher had their 14-year-old daughter, who was not named in the report, contact their boss at PS Food Mart to let them know they could not make it to work due to their son's illness.
“[Fisher's daughter] said, ‘Can you have somebody cover mom for [Friday], my brother's really sick, they're going to have to ventilate him,'” Fisher said. “And the boss, I could hear them over the phone and they told my daughter, ‘This ain't the way we run things, you're mother needs to be the one calling me.'”
Fisher said they were told by the doctors that their son needed to be transported to the University of Michigan.
“[The doctor] came in and told me that they were going to have to tube them and transport them to [University of Michigan],” they told FOX 17. “I lost it. That's my kid.”
Fisher said they were told their son had a bacterial infection and that they would have to be placed on life support.
They then sent a text to their manager, whom they identified as Dawn, on Saturday, letting them know that they would not be able to make it to work until their son's condition improved. Fisher said they were shocked by what came next.
“I text their Saturday and said ‘Hey just letting you know that I'm not going to be able to come to work until further notice at least until he's off life support,'” Fisher said. “She automatically came back with ‘Oh so you're letting me know you're quitting.'”
Fisher said they were shocked by the response and replied, “Ok so how do we do things when my child is on life support? I never said I was quitting so I take it that you're firing me?”
“If you can't come to work that's you quitting,” Dawn allegedly replied.
Fisher explained they were letting them know “ahead of time” that they cannot make it to work “due to my child's life on the line.”
Dawn allegedly replied, “I will not get into [this] with you on here but I've been more than accommodating during this allowing schedule changes and such. There is no reason you can't work and I will not tolerate drama. End of conversation. If you aren't there to work your shift tomorrow then I take that as you've quit.”
Fisher then said that they would be contacting corporate. The manager supplied the mother with the corporate office's number, but Fisher had one last question.
“Would you be able to go to work and function if your child was on life support? I don't know if I'm coming or going and you expect me to work?” they asked.
“Yes I would, I still have bills to pay and something to keep me busy and occupied. We don't just get to come and go as we please at Folk Oil. I have tomorrow and Monday covered. Your son is in the best place they can be. I have a store to run and that's my focus,” the manager allegedly replied.
Fisher posted the text exchange on their Facebook page, where it went viral. They said they were shocked by the feedback and attention the post has received.
“My 14-year-old they were like ‘Mom, mom so many shares.' And I'm like I did not expect it to take off like this,” Fisher said. “But when I have people in my inbox ‘Hey I'm from Australia praying for you,' you know, I'm just, I'm overwhelmed.”
Fisher said they were contacted by Folk Oil's corporate office following the viral post. The office told them to take as much time as needed and the manager was terminated following an investigation.
“We investigated and have found that the situation was handled improperly and without the compassion that we value as a company. For that, we are very sorry,” the company said in a statement.
“As a result of this finding, we took quick action and that manager is no longer employed by PS Food Mart. We have also reaffirmed to our employee that they will be able to take all the time off that they need during this difficult period,” the statement concluded.
Fisher said doctors told them that their son may have a type of sepsis.
“My concern is when my son does wake up and when they do open their eyes, they see mommy there,” Fisher said.
Image caption The motorbike and a Ford Focus crashed on Trearddur Road
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a car in Anglesey.
A North Wales Police spokesperson said officers were called to the accident on Trearddur Road, Trearddur Bay, at about 11:30 BST on Wednesday.
The emergency services, including an air ambulance, attended but the man riding the motorbike was pronounced dead at the scene.
The road is currently closed and the police have asked for any witnesses to come forward.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
While Russia says accusations that it poisoned a former Russian agent and their daughter in England are propaganda designed to damage its relations with the West, the nerve agent believed to have been used is a Cold War creation of the old Soviet Union — designed specifically to get around treaties banning chemical weapons.
Prime Minister Theresa May said Monday that the British government believed it was "highly likely" that Russia was responsible for the poisoning of Sergei Skripal, 66, a onetime double agent for Britain who exchanged for Russian spies in 2010, and their daughter, Yulia, 33.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Theresa May: 'Highly Likely' Russia behind poisoning of ex-spy 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Skripals remained in critical condition Monday, eight days after they were found unconscious at a shopping mall in Salisbury, about 90 miles west of London.
May told Parliament that British scientists concluded that they were exposed to a nerve agent called Novichok, a Russian word that roughly translates as "newbie" or "new boy" in English.
What is Novichok?
"Novichok" is actually a class of several advanced chemical agents developed in the Soviet Union beginning in the 1970s.
Their existence was disclosed in 1991 when Vil Mirzayanov, a scientist at Russia's Scientific Research Institute for Organic Chemistry and Technology, fled to the West and revealed that Moscow was working on a nerve agent far deadlier than anything ever before created, in defiance of the 1990 Chemical Weapons Accord. Mirzayanov told The New York Times in 1994 that they disclosed the program because "it occurred to me that I was engaged in a criminal enterprise."
How deadly are Novichoks?
While full details of the chemical makeup of Novichoks remain secret to this day, a Novichok agent "causes a slowing of the heart and restriction of the airways, leading to death by asphyxiation," Gary Stephens, a professor of pharmacology at the University of Reading in England, told Reuters on Monday.
At least one of the Novichoks is described as being five to eight times as toxic as VX, according to 2010 research at the University of Teesside and James Cook University Hospital in Britain.
Military personnel in protective clothing remove vehicles from a parking lot in Salisbury, England, on Sunday. Neil Hall / EPA
To put that into context, VX is the chemical that was used to kill North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother at the airport in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, in February 2017. And VX is so deadly that the United Nations lists it as a weapon of mass destruction.
"Novichok agents are reported to produce more permanent injury" than more common nerve agents, the British scientists wrote in 2010, "even following appropriate nerve agent antidote treatment."
What's worse, they said: "It should be noted that some Novichok agents have been specifically designed to be resistant to standard nerve agent antidote therapy."
How are Novichoks used?
Most Novichok agents are so-called binary weapons — that is, they're made up of two separate nontoxic components that become lethal only when they're combined.
"The Novichok agents are thought to be far more difficult to detect during manufacturing and far easier to manufacture covertly, because they can be made with common chemicals in relatively simple pesticide factories," the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons says in its Weapons of Mass Casualties and Terrorism Response Handbook.
Stephens, the University of Reading scientist, said: "One of the main reasons these agents are developed is because their component parts are not on the banned list."
Emergency workers in biohazard protective suits at London Road Cemetery in Salisbury, England, on Saturday. Daniel Leal-Olivas / AFP - Getty Images
And because at least one of them is a powder, not a gas or a vapor, contamination "would be harder to detect with normal chemical warfare detection means," said Daniel Kaszeta, managing director of Strongpoint Security Ltd., a weapons and defense consultancy in London.
"They were specifically developed to evade the West/NATO's detection capabilities and foil intelligence collection efforts," Kaszeta, a former security specialist with the U.S. Secret Service's Technical Security Division and Chemical/Biological Countermeasures Branch, said in a long series of posts on Twitter.
The Soviet Union and then Russia "went to great lengths to keep the programme secret at a point when the USSR had already agreed in principle to chemical arms control," Kaszeta said.
"Their existence is a political embarrassment."
Share
As they stop being smartphone accessories and increasingly stand apart as full-fledged devices in their own right, we totally dig smartwatches. But they do have one big (or, should we say, small) problem it's difficult to get around: Their diminutive screen size reduces the surface area users can interact with. Since touch gestures remain the best way of interacting with mobile devices, that poses a bit of a challenge.
Fortunately, terms like “big problem” and “a bit of a challenge” are exactly what get the folks at Carnegie Mellon's Future Interfaces Group (FIG) out of bed in the morning. To help deal with this particular conundrum, they've developed a prototype for a special smartwatch that vastly increases its capacitive touch surface area by projecting a touchscreen onto a user's arm.
This is achieved using a 15-lumen scanned-laser projector that's bright enough that it can be viewed both inside and outside. A depth-sensing array is then used to register the different touch gestures — while the team has even thought to consider a “slide to unlock” mechanism to avoid false positive gestures being recognized when, say, you simply scratch your arm. In all, the self-contained LumiWatch creates an interactive surface area of 40 x 40cm, more than five times that of a typical smartwatch display.
“It's an entire computer, with battery that lasts a day, plus a projector for on-skin graphics, as well as a custom depth sensor that allows us to track touch input on the skin,” Chris Harrison, head of FIG, told Digital Trends.
Harrison suggested that the LumiWatch could potentially be the kind of innovation that takes smartwatches in general to the next level. “The computational difference between a smartphone and smartwatch is very small,” they continued. “The big difference is the screen. Smartwatches have yet to gain traction in large part because the interfaces are so meager you can't do much with them. If we can solve that problem – give smartwatches big screens – we might be able to make them first class devices.”
So will we ever get to see this in action? Quite possibly. “We collaborated on this proof-of-concept hardware with ASU Tech, a consumer electronics OEM in China,” Harrison said. “They are well positioned to take this to the market. Beyond that, I can't say much more.”
In other words, watch this space. And, if you're reading this on a smartwatch, be aware that you may soon be able to do said space-watching on a much larger (and slightly hairier) canvas!
Let's cover another aspect of DataCore SANsymphony: Migration. Migration is something that every storage administrator has to face at some point. A few reasons for this inevitability come to mind:
Storage hardware is approaching end-of-life
Expanding storage resources due to growth
Moving datacenter locations
In this highly virtualized world we now live in, most compute hypervisors (i.e. VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V, etc.) allow for the online migration of virtual machines from one storage device to another. However, what happens when you have systems or applications which are not virtualized either due to them simply not being virtualized yet or because they cannot be virtualized? This often ends up becoming a very manual and tedious process.
In this article, we will direct our attention to this type of migration. But before we review the steps involved in performing the migration, let's cover some background details on what makes all this possible.
Read the entire article here, Migration with DataCore SANsymphony (Expanded Edition)
via the fine folks at DataCore Software
BOSTON (AP) — Andrew Benintendi hit a go-ahead, two-run single as Boston scored three unearned runs following a dropped throw by second baseman Brad Miller, and the Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 4-3 on Monday in the annual Patriots' Day game.
Benintendi had three singles in the 11:05 a.m. start, which coincides with the Boston Marathon, and the Red Sox won their third straight after losing the opener of the four-game series.
Knuckleballer Steven Wright (1-1) allowed three runs — one earned — and nine hits in six innings. They gave up four homers over 1 1/3 innings in their previous start.
Rookie Ben Taylor gave up a run-scoring single to Souza with two outs in the seventh, then retired Logan Morrison on a bases-loaded flyout. Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for a save on the third straight day, their sixth this season.
Boston trailed 2-1 in the second when Miller dropped an easy toss from shortstop Tim Beckham for what would have been an inning-ending forceout on Marco Hernandez's grounder. Benintendi's single to center put the Red Sox ahead, and Mookie Betts singled for a 4-2 lead.
Blake Snell (0-2) gave up four runs — one earned — and seven hits in five innings. The Rays completed a 1-6 trip that followed a franchise-best 5-2 start.
Some of the Rays were playful in their clubhouse early in the morning, with Morrison joking to teammates about the starting time: “11 o'clock. Let's play baseball.”
Brad Miller and Souza hit consecutive run-scoring grounders in the first. Both runs were unearned because Hernandez, Boston's third baseman, dropped a foul popup by Kevin Kiermaier, who then singled.
Hanley Ramirez's RBI single in the bottom half cut the lead in half.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: Ramirez was back in the starting lineup at DH after coming out of Sunday's game with a left hamstring cramp. … LHP Eduardo Rodriguez was placed on paternity leave after their wife, Catherine, gave birth to a boy Sunday. They will miss their scheduled start in Toronto on Tuesday.
SPECIAL UNIFORM
The Red Sox wore white home jerseys with “Boston” across the front instead of “Red Sox.” It also included a patch that read “Boston Strong.” The jerseys and patch were created after the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013.
EARLY SIGNING
Ramirez was on the field signing autographs for a while about 30 minutes before the first pitch.
UP NEXT
Rays: RHP Matt Andriese (0-0, 4.50 ERA) is set to start Tuesday when the Rays open a three-game series at home against Detroit. RHP Michael Fulmer (1-0, 2.25) is scheduled for the Tigers.
Red Sox: Brian Johnson (0-0) is likely to be called up from Triple-A Pawtucket to take Rodriguez's turn when Boston opens a series at Toronto, which starts RHP Marcus Stroman (1-1, 1.76).
Thousands of Californians were told Monday to evacuate their homes ahead of a storm that officials said is likely to pummel a region already devastated by wildfires and mudslides.
Robert Lewin, the Santa Barbara County emergency management director, said the area is expecting more rainfall in a single storm than the county typically sees all year.
“Ten inches of rain falling on a burn area is something that we don't understand exactly what's going to happen,” they said during a news conference.
Related: Deadly rains in Southern California send rivers of mud into homes, trigger fire, flooding
An "atmospheric river" is expected to arrive on Tuesday and last until Thursday, officials said, bringing heavy rain and possible flash flooding, along with tumbling rock and mudslides from San Luis Obispo County south to Los Angeles.
Mark Jackson, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service, said the storm's bulls-eye will be an area scorched last year by a wildfire that was the largest in California history, at 440 square miles.
Eighteen people were killed and 1,000 buildings — many of them homes — were reduced to ashes.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed On the front lines of the California wildfire 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In January, with the blaze still simmering, a powerful storm swept across Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties, triggering mudslides that killed 21 people.
With mountain channels cleared out by the January storm, Jackson expects rocks and soil to cascade toward the coast with even more ease than they did two months ago.
Lewin concurred. “Those mountains are locked and loaded with debris,” they said.
Mandatory evacuation orders will go into effect on Tuesday in Santa Barbara County, clearing 7,400 residents out of their homes, or roughly 17,000 to 18,000 people, Sheriff Bill Brown said.
“This storm is not the storm to question,” Lewin said. “Please heed the mandatory evacuation orders.”
PHOENIX — Catcher J.T. Realmuto lost their salary arbitration case against Miami and first baseman Justin Bour beat the Marlins to leave players with a 3-1 record this year.
Realmuto was given a $2.9 million salary Friday instead of their request for $3.5 million. The decision was made by arbitrators Andrew Strongin, Elizabeth Neumeier and Allen Ponak, who heard arguments Wednesday.
Bour was awarded $3.4 million instead of Miami's $3 million offer by James Oldham, Steven Wolf and Mark Burstein, who listened to arguments Thursday.
Realmuto may be traded as part of the team's payroll purge under new chief executive Derek Jeter. The Marlins already have dealt major league home run champion Giancarlo Stanton, Marcell Ozuna, Dee Gordon and Christian Yelich. Realmuto made $562,500 last year and was eligible for arbitration for the first time after hitting .278 with 17 homers and 65 RBIs.
Bour hit .289 with 25 homers and 83 RBIs last year, when they had a $552,500 salary.
Boston All-Star outfielder Mookie Betts and Arizona pitcher Shelby Miller won the first two cases of the year.
Houston closer Ken Giles had a hearing Thursday, and Toronto closer Roberto Osuna went before a panel on Friday. Both were eligible for arbitration for the first time.
As many as 25 players could go to hearings this year, which would be the most since 1987.
Osuna asked Wolf, Robert Herzog and James Darby for a raise from $552,400 to $5.8 million instead of the Blue Jays' $5.3 million offer. The 22-year-old right-hander was 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves last season, raising their three-year total to 95. But they also led the major leagues with 10 blown saves in 2017.
Giles asked Phillip LaPorte, Strongin and Sylvia Skratek for a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million — $400,000 more than Houston's offer. They had 34 saves in 38 chances and went 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA last year for Houston. While the Astros won their first World Series, Giles had an 11.74 ERA in the post-season and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when they allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
MONTREAL — The securities-related trial of former Amaya CEO David Baazov and others accused of insider trading is underway at the Montreal courthouse.
It is opening with a request by the defence to have the case tossed due to unreasonable delays in getting evidence.
Baazov has pleaded not guilty to securities-related charges following an investigation into allegations of insider trading by Quebec's stock market regulator.
 They are charged with five counts, including influencing or attempting to influence the market price of Amaya's securities.
Two other people, Yoel Altman and Benjamin Ahdoot, and three companies face 18 additional charges stemming from the regulator's investigation.
The alleged privileged information comes from acquisitions that include the 2014 deal for PokerStars that transformed the former Montreal firm into the world's largest online poker company.
Amaya no longer exists — it is now known as The Stars Group and has moved operations to Toronto.
Baazov has previously said the allegations are false and they are confident they will be found innocent of all charges.
The attempt by the accused to have the case stopped due to unreasonable delays is being challenged by lawyers representing the Autorite des marches financiers.
The case is being heard by Quebec court Judge Salvatore Mascia.
“Whether it's going to jail, being maligned, being defamed or having tremendous economic loss . . . that's the hill on which I'm willing to die.”
Video
As work continues in Birmingham and Wolverhampton, BBC News looks at the new routes for Midland Metro trams in the future.
The first tracks have been laid in Wolverhampton to take trams to the city's railway station as part of a £33m extension.
It is part of a wider project that could see trams visit more than 50 stops across the expanding network.
How I picked an all-time NBA Draft bust at No. 1 When the Cavaliers drafted UNLV stud Anthony Bennett first overall in the 2013 draft, mostly everyone was stunned by a reach selection in an utterly weak draft class. What's even...
The worst embarrassment for a historic NBA Draft bust What began with a head-turning draft selection in New York could be ending 5,000 miles away, in Turkey, without much of the world knowing. Anthony Bennett, the No. 1-overall draft pick...
Atkinson's present and past collide in 'strange' Nets game Kenny Atkinson's walk to the Nets' bench Tuesday night will be different than the previous 36 times he's done so this season. On the opposing Barclay Center sideline Atkinson will...
Nets GM's youth movement vision starting to pay dividends From the day general manager Sean Marks arrived in Brooklyn, they have repeated the term “player development” like a mantra. From hiring a coach known for player development in Kenny...
Nets make a tweak that leads to a rare winning third quarter MILWAUKEE — The Nets knew their third-quarter woes as well as anybody, and changed things up a little bit on Saturday in an attempt to fix the problem. They cut...
'How I'm shedding my NBA Draft bust reputation' Their weight is down and, Anthony Bennett hopes, their history stays in the past. So the No. 1 overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft focuses only on the present,...
The bad defensive habits the reeling Nets are looking to break Somewhere on their first extended road trip, the Nets lost their defense. They are hoping they can find it back in Brooklyn, losers of three straight for the first time...
Anthony Bennett making most of 'fresh opportunity' with Nets Neither the Nets nor their reclamation project, Anthony Bennett, want to say it, but this may be the former No. 1 overall pick's last best chance. “It's a long road,...
Derrick Rose, Joakim Noah return dates unknown The Knicks likely will be waiting close to another week before either of their big offseason additions return to the court. Derrick Rose opted to remain in Los Angeles because...
Facebook Inc. is reviewing how it handles objectionable content after a Cleveland man posted a video of a murder on the site, sparking outrage over the social-media giant's failure to more closely monitor violence on its platforms.
On Sunday afternoon, 37-year-old Steve Stephens posted two videos on Facebook, one announcing their intent to commit murder and a second video of themselves allegedly approaching an older man and shooting them in the head. About 10 minutes later, they went on Facebook Live, an instantaneous broadcasting tool, to talk about this and other alleged crimes.
Facebook's Content Police Arrive Late to Murder Scene (2:34) The posting of a video on Facebook over the weekend that showed a seemingly random murder of a Cleveland man puts a spotlight on Facebook's ability or willingness to police what's carried on its platform. WSJ's Jason Bellini reports. Photo: Reuters.
Stephens started posting the videos on Facebook at 2:09 p.m. Eastern time, according to Facebook. Facebook received its first report about the second video, containing footage of the shooting, around 4 p.m., and the company removed Stephens' Facebook page around 4:22 p.m., more than two hours after they started posting the videos.
In a blog post Monday, Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president of global operations, acknowledged that its content review process is flawed and that it wants to improve how it allows users to flag objectionable content to Facebook. Osofsky said Facebook FB, +1.46% is also looking into how the company manages and prioritizes the reported content. “As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible,” Osofsky said.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Fired KPMG audit head: How did Scott Marcello fall from grace?
Behind United Airlines' fateful decision to call police.
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has vowed to write a $4.5 million check to the United Nations body that oversees climate change negotiations to make up the shortfall in the agency's budget caused by U.S. funding cuts.
President Donald Trump last year formally announced the U.S. would pull out of the Paris climate accord deal, stating that it was not fair. Congress also cut funding for the Bonn, Germany-based UNFCCC from $7.5 million in previous years to $3 million this year.
"America made a commitment and as an American if the government's not going to do it we all have responsibility. I'm able to do it,” Bloomberg told CBS News' "Face the Nation" on Sunday. “So, yes, I'm going to send them a check for the monies that America had promised to the organization as though they got it from the federal government."
Bloomberg has long championed the fight against global warming.
“America is part of the problem. America is a big part of the solution and we should go in and help the world stop a potential disaster," Bloomberg added.
Bloomberg's charitable foundation linked the donation to the billionaire philanthropist's effort, with California Gov. Jerry Brown, to show that the United States remains committed to the Paris climate accord despite Trump's plan to withdraw from the agreement.
In a statement late Sunday, Bloomberg Philanthropies said further donations would be made if the U.S. fails to pay its share of the budget in 2019.
A couple who helped reunite a mother-of-two with their beloved pooches have explained their decision to turn down a £20,000 reward.
Allison and Stephen Rainford, 47 and 49, first saw Deniqua Westwood's desperate appeal on Facebook soon after their dogs were snatched from a stable yard.
Stephen, who owns their own sandblasting business, was tipped off by a friend about two large dogs running loose near a popular dog walking spot not far from the couple's home in Appley Bridge.
Even though the couple, who have been married for 23 years, don't have dogs of their own, they have always had a soft spot for large dogs – especially St Bernards.
Allison and Stephen first saw Deniqua Westwood's desperate appeal on Facebook soon after their dogs were snatched from a stable yard.
They remembered Deniqua's Facebook appeal and, on the off chance that they were the same dogs, Allison got in touch.
Personal assistant and mother-of-four Allison said: “I think it was the fact it was a St Bernard that stuck in our minds.
“The poor thing was blind, too, so that really pulled on our heart strings.
“We weren't thinking about the reward at all if I'm being honest.
“She rang us as they were leaving the abandoned farm where they were and they sounded so terrified.
But by the time we were ready to go and help them they had rescued them and was on their way home.
“When we spoke on the phone they were very emotional and offered us the money, but we just couldn't take it. That's not why we did it at all.
“I have no regrets about the money at all. Just hearing the joy in their voice was more than enough for me.”
The lucky hounds were found almost a week after they had gone missing 40 miles away from their home.
Allison explained the couple, who also have two grandchildren, were initially treated with suspicion by the online community after they got in touch with Deniqua and people thought the kind-hearted pair may have something to do with the theft.
“I try not to get involved with people airing their dirty laundry online. We're just so happy that we were able to get those dogs back to her,” said Allison.
“From what we gather that place could have been used for this kind of thing for years. It's only five minutes drive up the road, but we had no idea.
“It's awful really that people could snatch dogs like this – whether it's for fighting or breeding or whatever.
“They were their babies. They really are like part of the family. That's all there was to it, really.
“It would have been lovely before Christmas to get a nice £20,000 but I don't think what we did justified that much money in any way.
“I don't think I would have been able to sleep at night if we had taken it.”
They will be coming up to see us soon and we're really looking forward to meeting to the dogs.
“I don't know if they breed them or is planning to, but we would love a St Bernard puppy.”
Ms Westwood contacted police to tell them about the farm, but no officers have been to visit them so far.
Manhattan County Clerk Milton Tingling — who gained fame as a judge for ruling against former Mayor Bloomberg's soda ban — is being sued by a pal for letting them off on a ramp to busy Harlem River Drive, where they were hit by a car.
The ex-judge stopped their car near West 155th Street last October, according to the new Manhattan Supreme Court lawsuit.
Cornelius Wells, 65, was getting out when a Jeep hit them from the rear, said Wells' attorney Mark E. Seitelman.
Wells suffered injuries to their shoulder and ankle, Seitelman said.
“It's an issue of whether it was a safe place to leave off the passenger,” they said.
Tingling did not return messages for comment.
U.S. stocks ended mostly flat on Friday, though the Nasdaq eked out a closing record and major indexes added to their string of weekly gains as investors mostly shrugged off a payroll report that ended the market's years-long streak of adding jobs. See full story.
Elon Musk says that, if given the green light, they can power Puerto Rico
When Scott Stapf read a story about Puerto Rico's “once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to rethink how it gets electricity,” they had a thought: Could Elon Musk go in and rebuild the country's electricity system with independent solar and battery systems? They probably didn't expect Musk to answer... but they did. See full story.
My wife transferred $130,000 from our joint bank account into a CD in their name only
What's theirs is theirs — and the rest belongs to their wife. See full story.
Why ‘beer bellies' are a myth — and new research on why beer may be good for you
The Great American Beer Festival takes place this weekend. See full story.
Hurricane Irma prevented at least 1.5 million people from getting to work in September
All those people fleeing south Florida to escape Hurricane Irma was bound to depress the number of Americans who were at work in September. And it sure as heck did. See full story.
Superstore giant Costco has rolled out CostcoGrocery, a service that offers two-day delivery on dry grocery. See full story.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
12:30 p.m.
A UPS driver said a gunman opened fire as drivers and managers were assembling for a morning meeting in San Francisco and that they saw a co-worker get shot.
Marvin Calderon told San Francisco Bay Area news station KNTV that they heard five to six gunshots and that they recognized the gunman as a fellow employee, but they did not know them personally.
Calderon said they saw someone get shot in the head and they said they believed all the victims were drivers.
They said they ran away as fast as they could.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said four people are dead, including the gunman, who shot themselves when confronted by police.
___
11:55 a.m.
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, they put the weapon to their head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
___
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. They say that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
___
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
___
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says they heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said they looked out their apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
They say another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says they "saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings."
___
10:45 a.m.
A witness says they heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter" after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says they brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. They reopened after they saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from their shop.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says they believe the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
___
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said Wednesday that they believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
They said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
___
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but they did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
___
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Portero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bungling burglar gets stuck in sliding doors during robbery If you thought the burglar who got themselves stuck in a bin cupboard last week was an amateur, meet this week's contender. Melbourne Crime Investigation Unit detectives are investigating a...
Obama on tour to meet with leaders in Asia, Australia WASHINGTON — Former President Barack Obama is embarking on a weeklong tour of Singapore, New Zealand, Australia and Japan. Obama's office says he'll be in Singapore on Monday for an...
Matt Damon not moving to Australia to escape Trump, says rep A source close to Damon told us their plan was to go Down Under for around three months with their family, depending on their filming schedule, but not for good.
Gymnastics coach who fled US pleads guilty to child porn SACRAMENTO, Calif. – A former California youth gymnastics coach who fled the country more than a decade ago to avoid prosecution has pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography. U.S. prosecutors...
Giant prehistoric shark tooth stolen Eat your heart out, Tooth Fairy. A petrified chomper that once belonged to a monstrous prehistoric shark was stolen from a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Australia, according to a...
Woman goes on casual fishing trip, reels in 130-pound monster Sue Elcock went on a fishing trip to keep their son company — and hooked a 130-pound monster fish longer than herself. Elcock, 68, was visiting son Simon and his...
Huge tarantula rescued from drowning in floodwater It really does sound like something from a horror movie: a giant spider larger than a man's hand, which makes loud hissing sounds and has powerful long venomous fangs. While...
Turnbull says US set to grant Australia tariff exemption SYDNEY — The U.S. appeared set to grant Australia an exemption from its new tariffs on steel and aluminum imports following discussions between President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm...
The Nets could have a big problem when they go small.
Coach Kenny Atkinson is a Mike D'Antoni disciple, and a huge proponent of their mentor's small-ball style. But when the Nets play that way it could leave them vulnerable against top big men — an Achilles' heel that opponents are sure to try to exploit this season.
“That's where we've got to make a quick adjustment. If we see we're getting absolutely torched from a defensive standpoint, we can't do it,” Atkinson said. “I think a lot of that is game situation. Are we down 20 points and need to emphasize offense more? Are we up 10 points, and did we get the lead because we went small? So basically it's offensive/defensive [situation].
“What the game score looks like, what the game clock looks like. There are a lot of factors. Are you just going to blindly do it? We're going small because we have to go small. Part of the equation is what does the other team have out there? For example, Rondae [Hollis-Jefferson] on [Joel] Embiid: that's probably a little much for them and that's where we could get another bigger guy in there to help out.”
After giving up 19 points and nine boards to the Heat's Hassan Whiteside in just 17:36, Embiid torched the Nets for 22 points and 14-of-18 free throw shooting in just 14:45 of the their preseason finale to underscore the concern.
Timofey Mozgov started every preseason game, and did the best job on the Philadelphia center, but wasn't quite fast or agile enough to deal with him. Free-agent signee Tyler Zeller is the only other 7-footer on the roster, but after getting 12 minutes in the preseason opener and 8:50 in the next game, they were a healthy scratch in the last two and appears to be out of the rotation.
Jarrett Allen played increasingly well as the preseason drew on, but the 19-year-old rookie is raw. Atkinson has often gone small with no true center, using starting power forward Hollis-Jefferson (6-foot-7, 214 pounds) or backups Trevor Booker (6-8, 228) and Quincy Acy (6-7, 240) in the middle.
None could deal with Embiid.
“The guy last year averaged like 20 points in 20-something minutes, so he's a problem against everybody,” guard Jeremy Lin said. “But when we have a smaller lineup we have to have even more of an emphasis on doing the things that smaller lineups tend to not be able to do, which is rebound, interior defense.”
To be fair, Lin is right. Friday night Embiid forced Whiteside into their third foul just 2:21 into the game, signaling to the Heat bench to take them out. And Acy picked up four fouls in just 23 minutes of their preseason finale, and Booker four in just 18 minutes with Embiid taunting “You can't stop me!”
It remains to be seen how — or if — their small lineups will stop other top 7-footers.
“I didn't play too much at the five, but I did play a little bit in Utah at the five. A little bit in Washington in my early days. So I've seen some five action, not afraid if it,” Booker told The Post. “Of course there are going to be guys that are big and strong; but I feel like I'm quick and strong, so I'll have an advantage somewhere.”
The Nets' annual open practice was outdoors for the first time at Brooklyn Bridge Park. Among the highlights were the rookies having to dance — Allen's milly rock was comedy gold — and Hollis-Jefferson dancing with a toddler to Ayo & Teo's Rolex.
Rudy Gestede was something of a forgotten man following Middlesbrough's summer transfer spree.
But the giant Frenchman was their side's saviour as Boro overcame Sheffield United 1-0 at the Riverside on Saturday.
Gestede headed home the only goal in a hard-fought victory over the Blades, earning Garry Monk their first win as Boro boss, and they were thrilled with their part in proceedings.
“I know, as a striker, I have to do the hard work, but I also have to score,” said Gestede.
“If you feed us in the box, that's where the goals will come from – it's that simple.
“We had a few good crosses and a few chances to score more, one hit the post and we managed to get one in the net.”
On the match, the 28-year-old, who only started because of summer signing Martin Braithwaite's injury, added: “We knew it was a team who have come from League One and would fight for every ball to nick something from the game.
“In the first half, we were very good and we found the right balance.
“The intensity was a bit lower in the second but we still finished with three points and that's the most important thing.”
Boro looked comfortable for most of the contest, however there was an element of fortune about the result after United defender Jack O'Connell's header, which got a helpful deflection off Boro defender Dael Fry, was controversially ruled out for offside in stoppage-time.
Despite playing three strikers in a 4-3-3 formation, it was Boro's discipline and defensive solidity that got them over the line.
The winner came in the 20th minute when Patrick Bamford's lofted pass was weakly headed back towards United's goal by defender Chris Basham.
Gestede smelt their opportunity and threw themselves towards the ball, which they looped over goalkeeper Jamal Blackman with a brave diving header.
Gestede almost added a second when they nodded Cyrus Christie's cross onto the post, however the hosts struggled to re-find their rhythm after the break.
Blades manager Chris Wilder bemoaned a “very, very poor decision” after their late ‘leveller' was chalked off.
“He started off in an offside position but moved back into an onside position and then impeded their centre-half from heading the ball.
“Are we going to just let their centre-half head it clears in the last minute? “You just can't get those decisions wrong.
Middlesbrough: Randolph, Christie, Fry, Gibson, Friend, Howson, Clayton, Forshaw (Leadbitter 84), Bamford, Assombalonga (Fletcher 79), Gestede (Baker 68). Subs not used: Konstantopoulos, Da Silva, Roberts, Traore. Booked: Friend. Goal: Gestede 20.
Sheffield Utd: Blackman, Basham, Stearman, O'Connell, Freeman (Brooks 79), Coutts, Carruthers (Duffy 57), Fleck, Stevens, Sharp (Evans 68), Clarke. Subs not used: Lundstram, Wright, Lafferty, Eastwood. Booked: Stevens
Att: 26,876. Ref: Peter Bankes (Merseyside).
Getty Image
The music world is abuzz about the latest release from Portland Trail Blazers guard Damian Lillard, whose sophomore album drops on Friday. But as it turns out, Lillard isn't the only NBA player who is dropping a new album to end this week, as Pacers guard Victor Oladipo will drop a record of their own.
Songs For You is Oladipo's first release, and we already got a taste of what's to come via its lead single, “Unfollow.” The track features Eric Bellinger, and you can listen to it right here.
Also, Song For You includes a 2 Chainz cameo, which is important to mention, because they are 2 Chainz and deserves all the respect in the world. Also, it's impressive that Oladipo got 2 Chainz on their debut project, but that's implied.
As you can tell, Oladipo's going in more of an R&B direction with their record, and they have quite the set of pipes. That's not a surprise to anyone who has been following his, um, music career going back to their days at Indiana. While they were a member of the Hoosiers basketball team, Oladipo showed off their pipes with performances of Usher's “U Got It Bad” and a duet for Bill Withers' “Ain't No Sunshine.” There was also that time they sang Frank Sinatra's “New York, New York” before competing in the 2015 NBA Dunk Contest.
Oladipo isn't at a point where he's going to be known more for their singing than their ability on the basketball court, but he's got a good voice and is definitely among the better singers/rappers/etc. that we've seen in the NBA.
Imagine walking up to the fence of your local tennis courts and seeing almost every top 10 player in the world hitting with each other. That might seem like a “Field of Dreams”-like scenario that could only happen in the movies. But for tennis fans who walk the grounds of the U.S. Open the week before the tournament starts, it's a reality.
As Ralph Gardner Jr. said so well in The Wall Street Journal, the qualifying rounds, which are played the week before the tournament starts, can be more enjoyable than the actual U.S. Open. Especially if you like watching world-class pros ranked around 150 in the world compete, if you like watching the top 10 players in the world practice up close — and if you don't like huge crowds In the qualifying rounds, 128 men and 128 women compete for the final 32 spots in the main draw.
When I started going to the Open in the 1990s, it was easy during the first few days of the tournament to walk up to a match on the outside, smaller courts and take a seat and watch. But in recent years almost every court has been standing-room only.
That's because attendance at the tournament has skyrocketed from 421,994 in 1990 to 688,542 in 2016. And it was more than 700,000 in seven of the last 10 years.
The USTA, which owns and runs the tournament, has done a good job of adding more seats on several courts, and generally making more space for people to walk and sit and eat. The new Grandstand court that debuted last year had 2,125 more seats than the previous Grandstand, which was also used one last time, so the grounds felt a little less crowded during the opening days of the tournament. At this year's tournament, a temporary Louis Armstrong Stadium will have 8,500 seats; the one it replaces had 10,600. The new Armstrong, which will debut at the 2018 tournament, will have approximately 14,000 seats, according to Chris Widmaier, managing director of corporate communications for the USTA.
Still, there were over 60% more people on the grounds last year than in 1990, so there are only so many places for them to go.
During the qualifying tournament, this isn't a problem. From Aug. 22 to Aug. 25, it will be easy to walk up to any court where a qualifying match is being played and get a good seat. And you can also watch the biggest stars in the game on the practice courts as they prepare for their first round matches, which start on Monday, Aug. 28.
Twice on day 3 of the last year's qualifying matches I went to the practice courts to see who was playing. On the first visit, I saw Serena Williams, who was No. 1 in the world at the time. I stood against the fence, as if watching friends play at a local park, and watched the best server in the history of the women's game hit serves. I was surprised by their easy power. They were just hitting them nice and easy, and they looked to be going over the net at about 100 miles an hour. As a tennis player, I was trying to figure out why and how that could be. But as with most of the shots I saw the world's best hit on this day, they were “not to be tried at home.” In other words, these are special athletes doing things on court the rest of us can't easily emulate.
When Williams was done, they sat down on a bench, which was up against the fence that several of us were leaning against. Them tiny dog appeared and came running up to them They put the Yorkshire terrier in a fabric carrier that they wore over their shoulder, messenger-bag style, and walked off the court.
USTA Jennifer Pottheiser The roof over Arthur Ashe stadium was added last summer.
You can watch top players practice during the main draw of the tournament too, but there are much larger crowds, so it's harder to get as close to them.
After watching some of the qualifying matches, I went back to the practice courts to see who was playing.
A little boy to my right yelled, “And that's Nadal!”
The first person I saw was Juan Martin del Potro, who won the U.S. Open in 2009. They were hitting with one of the top 10 players in the world, Japan's Kei Nishikori.
I looked one court to the left and saw John McEnroe playing with Milos Raonic, who was the No. 5 seed. McEnroe had recently been added as one of Raonic's coaches. They were 57-years-old at the time and was still playing at a high level. A woman standing to my right yelled, “Looking good, Johnny Mac!” after they hit a winner past the 25-year-old Raonic.
Then I heard a grunt and looked one more court to the left and saw Rafael Nadal playing. Of all the top players I saw practice on this day, they were the only one who played with the same intensity they use during a tournament match. They grunted and slapped their thigh in frustration after missing shots and looked as if they were playing a semifinal of a Grand Slam tournament.
A bit later, a little boy to my right, realizing how many stars were right in front of him, yelled, “And that's Nadal!”
Djokovic and del Potro saw each other on the practice courts and hugged:
After I left the practice courts, I bumped into two friends who said that on practice court 1, which was out of my view, Marin Cilic, who won the U.S. Open in 2014, was playing with world No. 1 at the time Novak Djokovic.
I tried to think of what would be comparable in other sports to seeing all of these top players up close: Maybe an NBA fan getting to be on the gym floor as LeBron James and Stephen Curry played one-one-one?
Granted, there's an energy during the actual tournament that's not there during the qualifying days. And you can't watch the top players in matches that count. But if you ever get to go to the “qualies,” and if you're a tennis fan I hope you do, there's one more nice thing: It's free.
Stormy Daniels set to appear at New York strip club Stormy is blowing in to President Trump's home turf. Page Six is told that Stormy Daniels — who is reportedly preparing to spill the beans on their alleged affair with...
Porn star: During our affair, Trump said I reminded them of Ivanka Porn star Stormy Daniels admitted in a magazine interview that they had sex with Donald Trump right after their wife, Melania, gave birth in 2006 — although they said he...
Mob boss 'Sammy the Bull' Gravano released from prison early Notorious ​M​afia hit man-​turned-canary Salvatore “Sammy the Bull” Gravano has been released from an Arizona prison five years early, according to inmate records. ​​ The ​infamous ​72-year-old mob rat, who...
The key players in the escalating Trump Jr. email scandal The key players in the escalating Donald Trump Jr. email scandal include a tabloid hack-turned-flack who hobnobs with the czars, a wealthy Azerbaijani pop singer who once belted out Elvis...
Greta Van Susteren out at MSNBC Greta Van Susteren is out at MSNBC after just six months. The Post has learned that she'll be replaced by Ari Melber, MSNBC's chief legal correspondent. Van Susteren, who moved...
Long Island bar throws 'LIRR Sucks' party At least someone has LIRR riders' backs. A Long Island bar gave free drinks to infuriated passengers on the struggling system on Thursday. The Milleridge Inn in Jericho threw a...
Accused bank robber has side-gig as sexy Instagram model Modeling with crotch rockets must not pay much these days. A tatted-up hunk from California was arrested Wednesday for a string of robberies in Greenwich — including holding up the...
Beyoncé, Derek Jeter among stars the city could make even richer Just what celebrities need: More money. Beyoncé, Bruce Springsteen, Al Pacino, Derek Jeter, Jerry Seinfeld and Gisele Bündchen are among the superstars a click away from collecting cash they're entitled...
United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issued an apology on Tuesday amid outrage over passenger Dr. David Dao of Kentucky being dragged off an overbooked flight.
In their latest statement Tuesday, Munoz expressed their sympathies and apologized, saying that a "thorough review" of the situation and their policies will take place, the results of which will be shared by Apr. 30.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed United Airlines doubles down on passenger being dragged from plane 3:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The truly horrific event that occurred on this flight has elicited many responses from all of us: outrage, anger, disappointment. I share all of those sentiments, and one above all: my deepest apologies for what happened. Like you, I continue to be disturbed by what happened on this flight and I deeply apologize to the customer forcibly removed and to all the customers aboard. No one should ever be mistreated this way," Munoz said in a statement.
RELATED: United Airlines CEO Apologizes After Video Shows Man Dragged Off Flight
"I want you to know that we take full responsibility and we will work to make it right," they added.
Videos of the incident went viral on social media and prompted Munoz to apologize for having to "re-accommodate" customers after a two-hour delay. The confrontation happened on a United Express flight operated by Republic Airways.
Shares of United were down 1.5 percent in late trading Tuesday. Earlier, the shares were among the worst performers in the S&P 500.
Billionaire clothier closes in on Harris Publications, which shut its doors in late April, is awaiting a judge's OK to sell the assets to Spencer Hays-owned Athlon Media. A deal is now expected by June...
Athlon Media said to be eyeing shuttered niche magazines The magazine world may soon have a new media mogul in the mix. Billionaire Spencer Hays, who made a fortune in bespoke suits, is getting ready to have theirs majority-owned...
Parade in no rush to add papers in wake of the USA Weekend's end Big changes are afoot in the Sunday magazine market, but the lone survivor, Nashville-based Athlon Media Group, the new owner of Parade, is in no rush to add papers to...
Pink slips to fly at Parade after sale of magazine The sale of 73-year-old Parade magazine will lead to layoffs for most of the 85 staffers in its New York office, The Post has learned. Athlon Media Group announced on...
Minister Ze'ev Elkin related to the six-month distancing order form the Knesset imposed by the Ethics Committee on MK Basel Ghattas (Arab Joint List).
"Unfortunately, the decision of the Committee is not enough and doesn't solve the absurd situation in which a sitting Knesset member is supporting terror.
"MK Ghattas continues to receive a salary every day at the taxpayer's expense and they are still eligible to vote and influence important decisions.
"The only ones who can stop this immediately are Lapid, Herzog, and Livni. I call on them to stop this disgrace and sign the petition that I put forward to immediately expel MK Ghattas. Everything depends on you," they said.
Asia-Pacific stock markets were off their lows after they started Wednesday weaker in the wake of Wall Street's losses.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.74% fell 1.7% on Tuesday as industrial giants Caterpillar CAT, -6.20% and 3M MMM, -6.83% warned their results could cool near term. Shares of both dropped about 6%. On the other hand, 10-year Treasury yields hit 3% and remain at their highest level since January 2014, a sign of confidence in the economy,
Several stock market benchmarks in Asia fell as much as 1% in the opening minutes of trading but by midmorning had largely narrowed those declines to within 0.5%. S&P 500 futures ESM8, -0.12% were recently up 0.15%.
Justin Tang, head of Asian research United First Partners, said while many investors have priced in higher 10-year bond yields, “the real concern is how quickly rates are going to go up.” The 10-year Treasury yield started 2018 at 2.41%.
Korea's Kospi SEU, -1.00% was being pressured lower by chip stocks. Samsung 005930, -1.43% fell a further 1.4% Wednesday morning following the downbeat comments Tuesday from fellow chip-maker Hynix 000660, +0.37% which sent both down nearly 3%.
In Japan NIK, -0.64% , Takeda Pharmaceutical 4502, -6.35% slid 6% and hit levels last seen in November 2016 after Shire said its board was willing to recommend yet-another revised takeover proposal to its shareholders, subject to resolving other issues. The bid is now at 46 billion pounds ($64 billion).
Australian and New Zealand markets are closed for a holiday.
Oil prices in Asia edged higher after Tuesday's pullback from 3½-year highs. Bitcoin BTCUSD, +1.60% has continued to rally, moving within $300 of $10,000, according to CoinDesk. That level hasn't been reached by the cryptocurrency since early March.
A high-ranking House Democrat on Thursday called on Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California to step down as minority leader to make way for a new generation.
"Our leadership does a tremendous job," said Rep. Linda Sanchez of California, "but I do think we have this real breadth and depth of talent within our caucus, and I do think it's time to pass the torch to a new generation of leaders, and I want to be a part of that transition. I want to see that happen."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Top House Democrat Calls For Nancy Pelosi To Step Down 2:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sanchez, the fifth-ranking Democrat in the House, was interviewed on C-SPAN by two reporters who asked them about the current makeup of Democratic leadership.
Sanchez specifically called out Pelosi; the House minority whip, Steny Hoyer of Maryland; and the assistant House minority leader, James Clyburn of South Carolina, when asked who should leave their leadership positions.
"I don't think there is one leader of the Democratic Party. I think there are many people who try to move the country in the right direction," Sanchez said. "We have too many great leaders here that don't always get the opportunities that they should, and I would like to see that change."
"it's time to pass the torch to a new generation of leaders and I want to be a part of that transition" - @RepLindaSanchez on House Dems pic.twitter.com/PhB4hhJhLV — CSPAN (@cspan) October 5, 2017
The full interview will air on C-SPAN on Sunday.
Pelosi has enjoyed a 15-year grasp on power leading the Democrats and has served in the House since 1987. They served as the speaker from 2007-11.
Hoyer, the second-ranking Democrat, has served since 1981 and has had stints as majority leader and minority whip. Clyburn, the third-ranking Democrat in the House, has served since 1993 and previously served as the majority whip.
Drew Hammill, deputy chief of staff for Pelosi, shot back at Sanchez.
"Leader Pelosi enjoys wide support in the caucus and has always said they not in Congress on a shift but on a mission," Hammill said. "Pelosi is focused on winning back the House and anything else is a distraction from our path to the majority.”
Hoyer, in a statement, played down the comment and praised Sanchez and said Democrats were "laser-focused" on taking back the House from the GOP next year.
"Rep. Sanchez is an outstanding vice chair of the caucus, and I agree with them that we have talented leaders throughout our caucus," they said. "I remain laser-focused on taking back the House, a goal all House Democrats share and are working tirelessly toward."
Image copyright PA
A BBC editor has told the High Court they have no concerns about the airing of helicopter images of Sir Cliff Richard's flat during a police search.
Jonathan Munro said that the footage, broadcast in August 2014, had not been "referred up" on the day of the search.
Sir Cliff is suing the BBC for naming them and broadcasting the footage of their flat in Berkshire during a sexual assault inquiry into the singer.
They say broadcasting the images was a "very serious invasion" of privacy.
Sir Cliff, who denied the allegation, was not arrested or charged.
Mr Munro, the BBC's head of newsgathering, told Mr Justice Mann: "No referrals were made to me about any helicopter images."
They added that they had watched the helicopter images while writing a witness statement and said: "I do not have any concerns about the broadcasting of these images."
The singer claims they suffered "profound and long-lasting damage" from the coverage.  They are suing the BBC over the misuse of private information and breaking data protection rules.
The BBC disputes their allegations. It says the BBC report on the police inquiry was in the public interest.
In 2014 South Yorkshire Police searched Sir Cliff's flat in Sunningdale, Berkshire, while investigating an allegation the singer sexually assaulted a boy under the age of 16 in Sheffield in 1985.
In June 2016 it was announced they would not face any charges.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United held a board meeting to discuss transfers last week, ahead of the opening of the January transfer window.
The Whites are expected to make additions to their squad when given the opportunity in the new year, with fans calling for a new goalkeeper, a left-back and a striker to be high on the list of priorities.
Leeds are preparing for the opening of the window and, according to the Yorkshire Evening Post, held a board meeting to discuss transfers last week.
At the meeting Leeds opted to sanction a move for Japanese midfielder Yosuke Ideguchi .
The Gamba Osaka midfielder is set to sign for Leeds in January on a deal worth £500,000.
However, due to the Japanese starlet not meeting the FA's work permit criteria, they will be loaned out first; Leeds plan to have them available for selection next season.
The board meeting to discuss transfers would appear to be evidence that Leeds do feel there is work to do in the upcoming window as they bid to make a promotion push.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and their cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In their December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
They described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
They said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
They said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
Time to Resolve Cursed Old Water Problem
Vladimir Smakhtin is Director of United Nations University Institute for Water, Environment and Health
This article is part of a series of stories and op-eds launched by IPS on the occasion of World Water Day on March 22.
HAMILTON, Canada , Mar 19 2018 (IPS) - “You cannot manage what you do not measure” is a long-familiar saying to many, nowhere more so than in professional water circles at almost every level.
Just as you cannot manage your bank account without knowing how much money you have, it is all but impossible to make informed water management decisions without reliable, sufficient, and freely available water data. Obtaining such data, however (or accessing data from other nations — some of which see security risks in sharing), has always proven difficult.
Knowing the variability of water flows in rivers, for example, requires measurements made over time at many different locations.
Surprisingly, despite its obvious importance and value, river flow data collection has been declining for decades now, with literally thousands of gauging stations in many countries, including large ones like the USA, Canada, Russia, and Australia — closed in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.
River flow in most developing countries of the global South has never been measured well (and what was measured was seldom properly archived).
Even more limited observed data are available on groundwater, or on withdrawals and abstractions from aquifers and various other water sources globally.
In “un-gauged” river basins, (i.e. those in most of the world), we typically rely on mathematical models to simulate hydrology, to predict the impact of water management options, or to develop future scenarios based on changing climate or other drivers of change.
Global models help us to “think globally” but do not help to “act locally” — they are just too coarse for that.
And all models are, naturally, simplifications of reality; they require calibration through on-the-ground observations.
Understanding of the importance of various water data seems lacking beyond the water community. It is not a ‘sexy' subject, does not hit the headlines. Nor does water data collection attract sufficient funding.
It is also not a “quick win.” Observed data collection should span at least 30 years at the same location so that natural variability and / or trends can be captured. Supporting such long-term monitoring is often beyond the short-term interests associated with political careers; and there are, of course, always more burning issues to deal with.
It seems increasingly unlikely, therefore, that the water sector's need for data can be met by traditional – i.e. on-the-ground – approaches. Satellite technologies offer a promising solution.
Remotely sensed data on land-use and precipitation are already commonly used as input to water models – to simulate river flow and other water components in un-gauged river basins. But it is probably timely to ask if satellite data can help us do switch even more radically from traditional on-the ground observations to direct measurements by satellite of river flow, and all other components of the water cycle and all water uses.
It is not hard to imagine that we could measure water flows using orbiting technology with reliable accuracy. In fact, it is coming close to that. Already a car's license plate can be read from space, and some remote sensing technologies are able to penetrate water and soil.
Also, the accuracy of on-the-ground “observations” themselves may be overrated. Some of them are not much different from “modelled” ones: water discharge is not regularly measured but essentially derived from measured water level.
Putting new technologies to work at large scale in the water world may have found its time.
Direct water observations obtained via satellites could be made at a much larger number of locations, and will, naturally, cross the national boundaries, making such new data sharing unrestricted. They may also accelerate the sharing of existing conventional observed national water data, as otherwise they could quickly become obsolete.
In a brilliant, witty commentary in 2007, Stuart Hamilton predicted that “…the 2000s will be remembered as the last decade of real hydrology. We entered this decade with hydrology based on data, but we will be leaving this decade with pseudo-hydrology based on pseudo data.”
Looking back today, it indeed looks like that prediction quietly materialized. We are leaving future generations with little new systematically obtained and well-maintained observed data, but just sophisticated models and industrial-scale simulated data. And the sheer volume and variety of such data, which Hamilton referred to as “genetically modified observations,” inhibits our ability to digest them. We moved from one unresolved problem (the need for sufficient, accurate on-the ground observations) to another (regular remote sensing measurements that are not yet entirely fit for purpose).
But there is growing hope that our water data needs will one day be met. Goal 6 of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), to be achieved by 2030, concerns the global water challenge and includes measurable indicators of progress. These indicators compel countries join the quest for accurate quantification of national water resources – river flow, groundwater and water withdrawals.
And recently the High-Level Panel on Water launched a focused “data initiative” that aims to overcome all data-related hurdles on the way to achieving the SDGs.
We have the means to do much better in measurement of water. And when that potential is realized, perhaps then we will do much better, globally and locally, managing this vital resource as well.
Panthers running back Jonathan Stewart has saved some of their best work for December games. Their performance vs. the Vikings continued a trend of late-season success. Jeff Siner jsiner@charlotteobserver.com
The Bulldogettes will head into playoffs seeded second in District 5 3A after losing a hard fought game against the Clyde Lady Bulldogs 1-0 Monday in Miles.
Meeting for the second time in four days, the two co-district champions battled fiercely for seeding rights showing just how tough these two teams are this year. Next: Coahoma will face Bangs at 7 p.m. Friday at San Angelo Central Softball field.
For the full story, see Tuesday's edition of the Herald.
By: Eric Donnelly
Amor Amor Amor!
Jennifer Lopez is coming in hot with their two new pop albums — a Pop record and a Spanish album! She's already dropped a snippet of a soon-to-be-huge club banger to their Instagram, which features Poohbear and Skrillex.
Playing around in the studio w @skrillex @poobear #US A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Mar 31, 2017 at 7:07am PDT
RELATED: Pitbull Shares Album Sampler ft. Jennifer Lopez Collaboration
Now, a sample of one of the soon-to-be-huge bangers from their Spanish album has surfaced.
According to Breathe Heavy, “ex-husband Marc Anthony is executive producing it [the album]. We've heard teasers of a couple of ballads thus far…It's got a massive beat and an even bigger chorus. In case you're not keeping score, that's two bops for two different records.”
Get ready to dance! Check out the snippet of “Amor Amor Amor” below:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Of all the smartphones and tablets that Google has released in recent years, those from the Pixel line have likely sold the most. I've personally seen more "regular people" using Pixel phones than any Nexus devices, and that can be attributed in large part to Verizon officially carrying the Pixel and Pixel XL. However, since Google never releases sales figures for its mobile devices, it's been difficult to tell precisely how many Pixels have been sold - until now.
Our old friend Ron over at Ars Technica first noted this after noticing that the Pixel Launcher had just crossed the one million download thresholds. Now, we couldn't make this connection with, say, the Google Now Launcher and Nexus devices since the GNL was only exclusive to the Nexus 5 for a little while, but the main version of the Pixel Launcher can still only be downloaded on two devices via the Play Store: the Pixel and the Pixel XL (the Pixel C gets its own, separate APK). Yes, there are nearly 1.4 million Pixel Launcher downloads on APK Mirror, but those obviously don't count towards Play Store numbers, and we highly doubt that Pixel users are going to APKM to download something they can easily get from the Play Store.
So, does this mean that there have been one million Pixels sold? Nope, the actual figure is less. The Play Store counts installs by the "(t)otal number of unique users who have ever installed this app on one or more of their devices. Only one installation is counted per user, regardless of how many different devices they installed it on. Includes users who uninstalled the app later."
Here are a few scenarios that would cause that one million figures to get inflated:
Devices being resold and signed in to by other accounts (this is probably the most common situation).
Developers using multiple accounts to test their apps out (more common that you might think).
Custom ROMs like LineageOS for other devices allowing non-Pixel devices to trick the Play Store.
Modders tweaking their build.props to get the Play Store to recognize their device as a Pixel (similar to above).
Other scenarios such as installing new custom ROMs and having multiple accounts on one device wouldn't actually count since the Play Store only records one installation per Google account, no matter how many times it's installed on however many devices, so the one million number probably isn't all that far off; however, it is literally impossible that there are more Pixel devices that have been sold than however many Pixel Launcher installs off the Play Store there are.
In roughly eight months, Google has sold less than one million Pixel phones. For comparison, Samsung reportedly sold five million Galaxy S8s in the first month, and Apple sold 50.8 million iPhone 7s in the last quarter. One million in eight months is nothing in comparison to those numbers. So while the Pixel is probably Google's best-selling phone yet, the company still has a ways to go before truly competing with the major players in the segment.
Utah State Bar sent topless photo to state's attorneys Talk about raising the bar! Officials at the Utah State Bar are apologizing for an email sent to attorneys across the state on Monday that featured a photo of a...
There's a good reason why Trump never apologizes At some point in your journey to become a good adult, you learned that it is important to apologize for bad behavior. Ideally, an apology allows you to acknowledge your...
Al Franken's unconvincing 'apologies' Al Franken comes out of the world of show business, where scripts are constantly rewritten — so that's probably why he's just issued a fourth version of their attempt to...
Biz group apologizes after 'Hunt for the Indian' promotion falls flat A chamber of commerce in Maine is apologizing for a holiday promotion that asked participants to “Hunt for the Indian,” an event blasted by some critics as “absolutely horrific” and...
Newspaper sparks outrage with Vegas cartoon showing pile of bodies A newspaper has sparked outrage for publishing a tasteless cartoon of a pile of bodies with a caption saying “What happens in Vegas.” The Bennington Banner has been forced to...
Sports Business Journal apologizes for CAA tweet Sports Business Journal, the well-respected sports industry bible, sent out a tweet congratulating talent agency CAA for both winning one of its annual awards for “best talent representation” — and...
Journal apologizes for Black Lives Matter issue with no black writers Talk about missing the point. An international journal devoted to politics and philosophy is apologizing for publishing an issue on the Black Lives Matter movement without a black author's perspective,...
Why some people just can't apologize We're all connected, we all screw up and we all unwittingly hurt others just as we are hurt by them. While the good apology is deeply healing, an absent or...
This week has been full of botched apologies I apologize in advance for what you are going to read in this column. It's a mistake. I'm sorry. I won't do it again. That, my friends, is how you...
Netflix stock hit a 52-week high in extended trading on Monday after the video streamer's first-quarter profits and revenue beat Wall Street expectations.
The strong performance by Netflix, the first tech company to report first-quarter results, is seen as a bellwether. A strong performance could reignite a tech rally, some said.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq is up 18.6 percent over the past 12 months — better than the 15 percent rise for the Dow Jones industrial average and the 13 percent uptick for the S&P 500.
The one blemish in the first quarter for the Reed Hastings-led company was that is fell short of forecasts for subscribers growth — although the 4.95 million new subs left it just shy of the 100-million subscriber level.
Wall Street was expecting 5.27 million new subscribers.
In the quarter, Netflix, based in Los Gatos, Calif., reported profits of 40 cents a share, demolishing last year's 6 cents profit. Wall Street had forecast 37 cents.
Revenue in the three months ended March 31 grew 35 percent, to $2.64 billion — matching expectations.
In an earnings call, Hastings, the company's chief executive, repeated their refrain about not sweating the particulars of any one quarter, but appreciating the global adoption of video streaming in general.
They recalled investor fears a few years ago that Netflix — like AOL before it — would hit “the 30-million sub wall.” But now he's “super-excited” about Netflix's signing up its 100 millionth customer over the coming weekend.
Hastings also addressed the issue of market saturation, citing YouTube's announcement in February about users racking up more than 1 billion hours of video viewing every day.
“We're about 1 billion a week — so we've got a long way to catch up,” they said.
Netflix shares were trading at $149.31, up 1.4 percent, at 7:30 p.m. — after adding 3 percent, to $147.25, in regular trading.
Michael Graham, ‎managing director and senior internet analyst at Canaccord Genuity, told CNBC's “Closing Bell” on Monday that they think Wall Street is bullish on Netflix's outlook.
“[T]he guidance for subscribers for Q2 were ahead of where our estimates were, where consensus was,” they said.
Davis Webb can't prove much, sporting shorts and no pads.
Before the second-year quarterback took the field for the first time in front of Pat Shurmur, the first-year head coach made it clear that Webb's future with the Giants — and the decision to draft a quarterback with the second overall pick in Thursday's NFL draft — won't be affected by how they perform at this week's three-day minicamp.
“There has been a lot that has been made of this is like their tryout. Well, I don't think so,” Shurmur said Tuesday. “I don't think there needs to be any anxiety on their part — get trained up, come on out here, let it rip, and mistakes happen in practice and you learn from them.
“I think that's why you practice, so I think you have to be careful about making a final evaluation on a guy in a three-day period here. They just needs to come out here and get as good as they can be.”
Webb fumbled one of their first snaps — Eli Manning later did, too — threw an interception and failed to connect on three deep throws, though the 23-year-old also connected on a well-placed ball across the middle to Jerrell Adams.
When practice finished, Webb stayed behind with backup center Ethan Cooper to work on extra snaps. When Webb went back home, they likely studied the new offensive system with wide receiver Sterling Shepard, who lives in the same building.
“I'm fortunate to have them with me,” Shepard said. “I go over the plays with them every night. He's a guy that studies really hard. … He's been in here the whole offseason, so I try to surround myself with guys like that and just work tremendously hard. That's all you can ask from a guy in their position.
“He knows the new offense, I wouldn't say like the back of their hand, but they know it pretty well.”
Though last year's third-round pick didn't take a single snap during the team's disastrous 3-13 campaign, Shepard has seen enough of Webb in practice to believe the quarterback can eventually succeed Manning as the Giants starter.
“I don't see why not,” Shepard said. “If they work hard and keeps doing what he's doing and has the same attitude, I don't see why not. He's been learning a lot from Eli and what better guy to learn from than Eli.”
Shurmur acknowledged they would learn more about Webb's current standing this week, but the coach also said they learned more about them during meetings in recent weeks.
“What I've learned is they care, what I've learned is they are an extremely hard worker, what I've learned is they are very smart, they listen to what Eli says, they listen to what all their coaches have been telling him,” Shurmur said. “You can tell that they have learned things as time has gone along and I think what is important now is you take what you learned in the meeting rooms and bring it out here to the field.
“There's just that feeling you get by watching a quarterback move the offense. Now, there's not going to be a lot of that type of competitive stuff going on, but you can tell by the way a guy runs a huddle, the way they get the offense lined up, the way they drop back and throws, the way they hand the ball off. Just all the things that a quarterback would do. And I think this is hopefully the first of many days of them developing within our system.”
Image copyright Google Image caption There is no suggestion pupils at Mearns Castle will have their grades changed or work remarked
An investigation is under way to see if a school gave students too much help with their Highers.
The SQA has received a complaint about potential malpractice at Mearns Castle High School in East Renfrewshire.
The allegation is that candidates may have received too much assistance in Higher geography, history and modern studies projects.
Both the school and East Renfrewshire Council have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
And BBC Scotland understands there is no suggestion that candidates could get their grades changed or that work will have to be remarked.
The allegations centre on the amount of feedback offered to candidates about their projects before the final version was written up.
'Additional help'
The assignments are worth a third of the final mark so can make a difference to a candidate's grade or even whether they pass.
A letter sent to the parents of students in February by the principal teacher of social studies at the school said candidates would be required to hand in drafts of their projects before they wrote up the final version under exam conditions.
The letter suggested students could "make the appropriate changes to their work based on feedback received from their teacher and seek additional support if necessary".
The SQA has strict guidelines about the kind of feedback candidates can be offered on projects.
East Renfrewshire Council said the letter was poorly worded but that teachers did not breach SQA rules by offering inappropriate help.
An East Renfrewshire Council spokesperson said: "Our staff are well aware of the guidelines set out by the SQA in relation to Higher Assignments and these are followed rigorously across the authority. At no stage was any pupils' Higher Assignment marked.
"This letter, which unfortunately was poorly worded, was simply issued to stress the importance of these assignments to parents.
"Staff provided support and advice to pupils in preparation for completing their assignments under exam conditions, as is permitted by the SQA, which is what this letter is referring to.
"It is important to stress that the wording of this letter does not accurately reflect the role staff at this school play in supporting pupils with their Higher Assignments, and this has already been amended for the forthcoming session."
Image copyright PA Image caption The projects are worth a third of the final mark in the Higher exam system
Mearns Castle, in Newton Mearns, has a relatively prosperous catchment area and a relatively high proportion of youngsters get good results in their Highers.
The school is often placed near the top of unofficial league tables produced by newspapers.
BBC Scotland understands the complaint may have been made by someone with no direct connection to the school who became aware of the letter.
An SQA spokesperson said: "We have been made aware of a potential issue relating to conditions of assessment for Higher assignment work.
"SQA's criteria on assessment conditions and the assistance which teachers and lecturers can give to candidates are clearly published on our website and in course materials.
"As in all cases where potentially serious matters are raised with SQA, we will now investigate what has happened.
"SQA takes very seriously its obligation to ensure fairness and equity for all candidates in all qualifications through consistent application of assessment conditions."
'Necessary to investigate'
The SQA has published detailed guidance on how it deals with allegations of suspected malpractice.
It says: "Whether intentional or not, it is necessary to investigate and act upon any suspected instances of malpractice, to protect the integrity of the qualification and to identify any wider lessons to be learned.
"Where SQA becomes aware of concerns of possible malpractice, its approach will be fair, robust and proportionate to the nature of the concern. These procedures will be applied where SQA's view is that there is a risk to the integrity of certification, which is not being successfully managed through our regular processes."
In Scotland, exam results alone are not used as a judge of a school's performance.
It is widely accepted that, as a general rule, superficially good exam results often reflect a school's catchment area and do not provide a means of judging the quality of the teaching or the school.
However comparing the exam performance of schools with similar catchment areas is seen as productive as it can highlight possible examples of good practice or underperformance.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Mariam Moustafa, 18, was attacked by six girls in Nottingham
An attack on an Egyptian student, who died three weeks later, was not hate-related, police have said.
Mariam Moustafa, 18, died on Wednesday, three weeks after they were allegedly punched repeatedly by six women on a bus in Nottingham.
Nottinghamshire Police said they do not know if an attack on Miss Moustafa and their sister in August is connected.
Meanwhile, about 150 people gathered at a vigil in Nottingham earlier.
Image caption Scores of people gathered in Nottingham for a vigil for Miss Moustafa.
A 17-year-old girl, who was arrested on suspicion of assault occasioning grievous bodily harm, remains on bail.
Supt Rob Griffin told a press conference: "All of the evidence indicates that the incident is not in any way hate-related."
They added police have a "very clear picture" about the attack on 20 February and have identified six suspects.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage has emerged of what police say was part of the attack on Mariam Moustafa
No-one was arrested after the previous attack in August as police did not know who the suspects were.
"We don't know whether or not it is connected at this time but we are open-minded on that subject," they said.
Mariam, who was studying engineering at Nottingham College, was left in a coma after the attack on February 20 and died on March 14.
A post-mortem investigation was inconclusive.
Image caption Mohamed Moustafa said the support from people at a vigil in Nottingham made them "happy".
Scores of people, including Miss Moustafa's father Mohamed, gathered in Nottingham's Old Market Square for a vigil.
Mr Moustafa said: "It is difficult for my family, it's broken our heart. We feel very upset
"This support makes me happy, we've met a lot of people supporting me and my family."
Miss Moustafa was born in Rome, where their family had moved from Egypt in 1991.
Italian prosecutors have opened an investigation into their death.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Mariam Moustafa was in a coma in hospital for three weeks after the attack
Supt Griffin said they will be having conversations with both the Egyptian and Italian embassies throughout the week.
Mr Moustafa, has called for "justice" for their daughter, who was "very kind" and "like an angel".
Bain Capital sees high-profile buyouts go bust Bain Capital has had better weeks. The Boston private equity firm was a lead investor in three leveraged buyouts — Toys ‘R' Us, iHeartMedia and Guitar Center — each of...
How Bill Bain helped Mitt Romney's rise Bill Bain, the well-known management consultant and early Mitt Romney mentor who died this week, helped secure the Republican presidential candidate's legacy — albeit not under the best circumstance. In...
Bain Capital founder William Bain Jr. dead at 80 William Bain Jr., the founder of global consulting and private equity businesses bearing their name who helped drive the career of former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, has died. He...
Romney's Bain Capital has now plunged two toy retailers into bankruptcy Bain Capital has a knack for throwing big toy retailers into bankruptcy. The buyout firm founded by Mitt Romney — which got slammed this week by the Chapter 11 filing...
This $3.2B company has been sold 5 times over past 21 years Industrial cleaning company Diversey has been dumped more times over the past 21 years than a super-obnoxious high school varsity captain. Over that span, the 94-year-old Diversey has had five...
Bain Capital wins auction to buy top mattress foam maker Bain Capital has won the auction to buy Innocor, one of the biggest makers of mattress foam, The Post has learned. The price was roughly $800 million, sources said. Apollo...
Bruised sporting goods industry could make a comeback The battered sporting goods sector is starting to get the once-over from some of the country's largest private equity firms, The Post has learned. After falling team sport participation rates...
Apollo gets in bed with FXI to bid on foam-mattress maker Leon Black's Apollo Global Management is teaming up with a foam maker in a bid for foam-bed maker Innocor, two sources close to the situation told The Post. FXI, the...
Activist investor mad at iHeart's debt maneuvering Radio giant iHeartMedia's latest debt maneuver is fanning the flames of a dispute with activist investor Mario Gabelli. iHeart, led by Chief Executive Bob Pittman, owns 90 percent of publicly...
By BECKY GILLETTE
A lot has changed in the banking world since the Mississippi Bankers Association (MBA) held its first convention 130 years ago. The theme of the recent 130th annual convention of the MBA held at Sandestin Resort in Destin, Fla., May 9 to May 12 was “Changes in Latitude, Changes in Attitude” reflecting the many significant changes and challenges in the banking world today.
“The convention program featured speakers who discussed the need for banks to adapt to massive changes taking place in the industry and economy,” said MBA President Mac Deaver. “Additionally, the association membership adopted changes in MBA bylaws designed to make the association leadership more representative of its members. And there were changes to the format of some convention events.”
MBA Chairman Jerry Host, CEO of Trustmark National Bank, presided over the convention that attracted 625 attendees including bankers and spouses, sponsors and exhibitors, industry professionals, bank regulators, public officials and other guests.
Deaver said speakers in the general sessions included Colonel Arthur Athens, director of the Stockdale Center for Ethical Leadership at the U.S. Naval Academy. Col. Athens addressed the importance of adhering to the “three Cs” of leadership in modern times. They emphasized the need for competence, courage and compassion in being a successful leader.
“If something isn't going well, the successful leader will do an assessment and take immediate action,” Athens said. “At that moment, they can ask themselves what's missing: ‘Is their message clear? Do they need to be bolder? Are they relating with whoever is receiving the message?'”
Cam Marston of Generation Insights addressed factors faced by financial institutions in dealing with new generations of bank customers and employees. Marston addressed issues in dealing with “matures” (born between 1909 and 1945), “baby boomers” (born 1946 through 1964), “Generation X” (born 1965 through 1979) and ‘”new millennials” (born 1980 and after).
“It is critical that managers recognize and understand the differences between the people they are trying to attract and themselves, and how to use that new understanding attracting and satisfy customers and attract and keep the talent they need,” Marston said.
Dr. David Altig, executive vice president and director of research for the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, spoke about economic trends and how they might impact the banking and other business sectors. Specifically, they discussed the potential impact of governmental actions and the effect of automated stock trading.
Chairman Host facilitated a discussion with Rob Nichols, president of the America Bankers Association (ABA), and Paul Merski, executive vice president of the Independent Community Bankers of America (ICBA), regarding potential Congressional action to provide regulatory relief for traditional banks. Nichols and Merski discussed the joint efforts of ABA and ICBA to pass S. 2155, which enjoyed bipartisan support in Congress. The bill passed the House on May 22, and has now been signed by President Trump.
The annual MBA trade show was held on Wednesday and Thursday and featured 55 exhibitors.
A third annual silent auction was held to raise funds for the MBA Education Foundation, which supports financial literacy training across Mississippi and awards scholarships to Mississippi high school and college students. The auction netted over $16,000 for the Foundation.
“This was our largest auction event to date,” said Deaver said. “Thanks to the many banks and bankers who supported this event, and the dozens who contributed auction items.”
On May 12, the MBA membership elected new leadership for 2018-19. Mary Childs, CEO of The Peoples Bank, Ripley, was elected MBA chairperson, becoming the first woman to lead the association. Greg McKee, CEO of The Citizens Bank, Philadelphia, was elected vice chairperson, and Andy Anderson, CEO of Bank of Anguilla, was elected treasurer. Also, on Saturday, the association recognized bankers who had served the industry and state for 40, 50 and 60 years.
Host discussed the progress being made to implement the MBA's strategic plan to increase services to member banks. As part of this plan, the membership considered and approved changes to MBA bylaws which revise the organization of the association's board of directors and the process for electing bankers to leadership positions. The membership also heard report on various association activities and programs, including the Mississippi Young Bankers, the MBA Education Foundation, the Mississippi School of Banking, and others.
The convention concluded with a special closing event which featured remarks by Host and Childs, introduction of new officers and board members, and special recognition of past MBA chairpeople who were in attendance.
Major sponsors of the 2018 MBA Convention were Trustmark National Bank, First National Bankers Bank, Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, and Stockett & Thomas Agency.
For more information on MBA, see the website msbankers.com.
Talk to NAB with Google Assistant
NAB customers can now ask Google Assistant to answer general banking questions, such as how to replace a lost card or reset their password, via Google Home or a smartphone with the voice activated virtual agent installed.
For the 'Talk to NAB' service, Google Assistant provides customers with guidance on basic banking questions around transaction and savings accounts, credit cards, personal loans, travel cards and Internet banking.
NAB executive general manager digital & innovation Jonathan Davey (pictured), says: “Providing instant help to basic questions gives our customers the convenience they want and complements the work of our frontline bankers, ensuring they are spending more time with customers on the issues that are most valuable and important to them.”
Developed internally by NAB Labs, 'Talk to NAB' accompanies other recent self-assistance initiatives, including the bank's virtual banker chatbot for business customers and a Facebook chatbot pilot, NAB Chatterbox, which is currently underway.
Says Davey: “This is very much a first step for us in the voice-based smart assistance space; we will continue to develop our capability with the Google Assistant over time so it can answer more questions and perform more tasks for NAB customers."
NEWPORT NEWS, Va. — A federal jury has convicted a Virginia woman on fraud and tax charges after prosecutors said they charged over a half-million dollar on their boss's credit cards.
Sherea Darnell is a former manager at a Williamsburg eye care center. Prosecutors say they used the doctor's credit cards to charge some $514,000 in personal transactions, including their son's preschool tuition.
The jury heard from prosecutors that they also took over $90,000 in cash advances from the credit cards, using it to hire maid services and buy clothing and airline tickets. Authorities say that after their resignation from the eye center, Darnell continued to use their boss's cards until the doctor finally discovered the fraud.
Darnell faces a maximum penalty of 30 years. Sentencing is set for October.
2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Pause
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
On the Showtime series “Billions,” actor David Costabile has played to the hilt the capital vices of lust, gluttony, greed, envy, sloth and wrath.
“I get to say all the best lines,” Costabile says, with a fair amount of pride.
The actor, who previously starred in “Breaking Bad” and “The Wire,” has become a fan favorite for their performance as Mike “Wags” Wagner, chief operating officer of the fictional hedge fund Axe Capital and righthand man to Bobby Axelrod (Damian Lewis). Wags is as smart as they are sinful, and isn't afraid to play dirty on the way to striking paydirt.
‘One of the great feelings that I've experienced from the show is people on the street are like, ‘Hey, Wags, I've got an a--hole boss just like you.' David Costabile on encountering fans of the show ‘Billions'
Costabile also explores themes of capitalism in their other project, a spectacular production of Eugene O'Neill's play “The Hairy Ape” at New York's Park Avenue Armory. One of O'Neill's lesser-known works, the play follows shipworkers who question their self-worth as they confront the well-heeled class of Fifth Avenue. Costabile plays Paddy, an Irishman who spends their days shoveling coal into the furnace of a stokehole. Despite the inhuman working conditions, Paddy is romantic about their youth, of beautiful ships and men they call “sons of the sea.”
There's less room for romance in the world of “Billions.” Barron's Next talked to Costabile about the TV role and being immersed in the parlance, and partying culture, of hedge funds.
Barron's Next: Did you research hedge funds and their culture to play Wags?
Costabile: There are a bunch of books to read, and you get a sense once you start diving into the financial language of understanding what the hell any of it means. It initially seemed more like hieroglyphics.
Barron's Next: So how did you learn to make sense of it?
Costabile: One of the first things I gave myself as a task was to try and be able to explain the 2008 crisis by reading “Too Big to Fail” [by Andrew Ross Sorkin, who's also one of the creators of “Billions”] and “The Big Short“ [by Michael Lewis].
I was really trying to get my mind around collateralized debt obligations and tranches. I think I did, and I almost could explain it to you. The real task is to make it feel like it's something you say every day. I can't say “collateralized debt obligations” in my off time [he stumbles slightly on the word “collateralized”], but if I were dressed as Wags now, I could. It is about putting on that skin, getting inside that weird language.
For me it was about the feeling of somebody who reads The Wall Street Journal and Barron's every day, who looks at Fortune magazine as People, the easy-reading version of that. And really giving yourself the task of doing it a lot.
Barron's Next: Have you become interested in applying this to your own personal finance?
Costabile: No. [Laughs.] I know some things but boy I wouldn't, and don't, rely on myself for those answers. The amount of study and time that it takes to really understand how to do that — there may come a time when I will, but I don't have any real sense of joy about figuring out stocks and bonds. It seems ill-advised to take a dilettante's point-of-view and dabble here and there. As someone who's been a gambler all my life, I understand the gambler's mentality for sure, but I don't have enough interest in it to do it myself.
Continue reading the Barron's Next interview with actor David Costabile here.
Image copyright Jim Bennett Image caption Brett Connell was jailed for nine years for sexually abusing their step-daughter Georgia Walsh
A man has been jailed for sexually abusing their 16-year-old step-daughter who killed themselves weeks after reporting them to police.
Brett Connell, 36, was found guilty of 13 counts of sexual activities with a child, in a trial at Maidstone Crown Court.
Georgia Walsh killed themselves in March 2017 leaving a note saying the stress was too much to handle.
Connell, of Clare Way in Sevenoaks, was sentenced to nine years in prison.
They were convicted of five charges relating to Georgia, and eight out of a further 11 unrelated sex offence charges.
Georgia's grandmother, Carol Sharpe, said more than a year after Georgia's death their family would now be able to grieve.
"It's like a bomb went off and it smashed every part of our family," they said.
"I'll never get over the loss of Georgia."
Image caption Georgia Walsh killed themselves after reporting their step-father's abuse to police
The court was told Connell first abused Georgia when they were 13 years old.
They were arrested on 9 February 2017 and released on bail. Georgia died on 17 March 2017 when they were struck by a train.
The judge, Recorder Peter Guest told Connell; "The damage you have done to this family is incalculable. It is right to note that during the course of this trial you have shown neither shame nor remorse for your actions."
Connell was placed on the sex offenders' register indefinitely and also made subject of a sexual harm prevention order.
'Too much to handle'
Georgia told their mother: "He's done stuff. I wish had said something earlier", and begged them not to let Connell back into their home, the court heard.
The jury was told Georgia had seen someone taking a photograph of them through the bathroom window while they were having a shower, and Connell had been the only person at home at the time.
In their suicide note Georgia said the stress had been "too much to handle" and they hoped Connell would "rot in hell".
Det Con Michelle James from Kent Police said: "The consequences of Connell's appalling abuse could not have been more devastating.
"The tragic note left by their victim, before their death, detailed the unbearable stress and trauma they caused," they said.
"Before they died, thankfully they had showed incredible courage to provide their testimony to Kent Police."
Image caption Chefs on the march: Can posh restaurants really become social activists?
When you think of fancy restaurants with indigestion-inducing prices, you don't tend to think of campaigns for social justice.
Ethics and social awareness are not necessarily on the menu when it comes to such upmarket dining.
But an international prize, run by a university in the Basque Country, in Spain, has been trying to change that.
Instead of indulgence and excess, the Basque Culinary World Prize is trying to give good food a social conscience.
Change on the menu
Nominations are being invited for a 100,000 euro prize for a cook who can show their work has been a "motor for change".
Image caption Leonor Espinosa, from Colombia, says winning last year's prize gave a voice to their community
Under the banner of "transforming society through gastronomy", the winning chefs are expected to show how their work can benefit the environment or people's health or education or provide opportunities for the disadvantaged.
This will be the third year that the prize has been awarded. Among the previous finalists has been Alberto Crisci, who runs the Clink charity, in which prisoners are trained to work in restaurants.
They told the launch of this year's prize in London that their training project gave offenders a chance of getting a job when they left prison and helped reduce reoffending.
'Second chance'
More than 800 prisoners have been through the Clink's training projects. As well as learning catering skills, Mr Crisci said it had given them "manners, confidence, discipline and a different attitude towards strangers".
"Everybody deserves a second chance," said Mr Crisci.
Image caption Al Crisci has trained prisoners so they can work in restaurants
The competition has been set up by the Basque Culinary Centre, a higher education institution entirely dedicated to food.
It's based in the Basque city of San Sebastian, which claims one of the highest concentrations of Michelin-starred restaurants in the world. And the idea behind a food-based university was to treat gastronomy with the same academic seriousness as might be given to engineering or economics.
Celebrity chefs might have gained rock star status, but the centre's director, Joxe Mari Aizega, says that the wealth and fame has also brought a new responsibility.
Image caption Joxe Mari Aizega says being a great chef now means taking social responsibilities seriously
It's no longer just about serving food to the public, it also has to be about public service.
At the launch of the prize, Brett Graham, one of the top chefs in London, talked about the difference between synthetic and real charity in the food industry.
Volunteering skills
Mr Graham, head chef of the Michelin-starred Ledbury restaurant, said that it should mean more than the type of event where a famous chef would be hired by the super-rich, in the name of raising some cash for a charity.
Instead, along with other leading chefs, they regularly volunteer to cook meals for the disadvantaged and homeless at a day centre near Earl's Court in west London.
Image caption Brett Graham is one of the top chefs who volunteer to cook food at a day centre
The Refettorio Felix, set up by the Italian chef Massimo Bottura, which hosted the launch of the Basque Culinary World Prize, uses donated food that would otherwise be thrown away.
It means some of London's poorest get their meals cooked by chefs from some of the capital's most expensive restaurants.
Mr Graham said it was "so powerful" to see the impact of good nutritious meals being provided for people coming to the drop-in centre.
Local identity
Last year's winner, Leonor Espinosa, from Colombia, had been praised for their work supporting local food producers and for developing a business that offered an alternative to gangs and conflict.
Food was intimately connected to local identity and culture and, they said, winning the prize had given status to the traditional skills that might have been taken for granted.
Ms Espinosa said it was like "breaking the silence" for people who had faced "armed conflict, injustice and exclusion".
Image caption Can elaborate and expensive food become part of a campaign to feed the poorest?
This year's winner will be announced in July at an event in Modena, Italy, by a jury headed by Joan Roca, chef at El Celler de Can Roca, in Girona, Spain.
This has often been claimed as one of the best restaurants in the world - but Mr Roca says the Basque Culinary World Prize, with its twist on food with a social value, has now become the award to collect.
"I think it's the most important gastronomic prize awarded worldwide," they said.
More from Global education
The editor of Global education is sean.coughlan@bbc.co.uk
BEREA, Ohio (AP) Robert Griffin III felt victorious following a demoralizing season.
Of course they were disappointed the Browns went 1-15 and that they missed 11 weeks after breaking their left shoulder in the opener.
But Griffin, who for more than a flash was the NFL's next-big-thing before injuries led to their downfall with Washington, feels they restored their image, silenced critics and revived their career.
Cleveland salvaged him.
RG3 wants to stay.
”I want to be here. I'm not an idiot,” they said Monday. ”I know a lot of people were writing me off as a player, as a quarterback, saying I couldn't do it. And to go out and show that I can, I think that proves a lot of people wrong.”
There are still some doubters, but Griffin did finish the season, showing improvement in each of their four straight starts while leading the Browns to their lone win.
The 26-year-old is under contract for next season after signing a two-year, $15 million free agent contract deal in March.
However, the Browns have to decide whether to keep them with a roster bonus of $750,000 due on March 11. If the team doesn't pay it, Griffin will again be looking for a new team.
”I want to win games,” they said. ”Right now I'm here with the Cleveland Browns and I love these guys in this locker room. And I want to help them win here. And if I don't get that opportunity, then that's out of my control, I've done everything that I can to this point with the cards that I was dealt.”
Griffin never got on the field last season with the Redskins, who released them after four seasons. They went 1-4 with the Browns, but capped the season with their best performance, going 29 of 40 for 232 yards and two touchdowns.
It was a good final impression, but probably not strong enough to stop the Browns from using one of their first round-picks – No. 1 and No. 12 – on a quarterback.
Griffin, though, feels they have a lot more to give and intends to come back better.
”I think to not play a lot of football in two years and finish the season the way we did, or the way I did personally, I feel good about it,” they said. ”But I'm not satisfied at all. So I'm going to go into this offseason hungrier than ever, ready to prove it all over again.
”Because that's what you have to do every single day. I don't think anybody's ever said I've been afraid of hard work, and that's never going to change.”
Although they were part of the worst team in Browns history, Griffin said it was inspiring to play with Pro Bowl tackle Joe Thomas and cornerback Joe Haden, who both battled through injuries.
They appreciated the coaching they received from Hue Jackson and offensive assistant Pep Hamilton and was proud of how the Browns stuck together amid the adversity.
A 0-14 start wasn't easy on anyone, but Griffin believes it will help the Browns in the future.
”I think this experience makes you better,” they said. ”It's not something that anyone signs up for. But you really find the true character of your team, yourself and everyone in the organization when you go through something like this and like I said, I'm proud to be here.”
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
“They are determined and eager to learn.”
By ANNE MARXZE D. UMIL
Bulatlat
MANILA – Geming Andrea A. Alonzo, 32, was a city girl who grew up in the capital region. They could have opted to work in the city, but instead, they chose to teach in a Lumad school in a remote mountainous village in Mindanao, which can only be reached after hours of trekking.
But they do not mind the long hike, or living without electricity and internet. They said they feel fulfillment in serving Lumad children, and adults too, some of whom only saw and held a pencil when their school, the Center for Lumad Advocacy Networking and Services Inc. (CLANS) was established in their community.
Alonzo is the current executive director of CLANS Inc. They previously worked as a teacher at the Batibot Early Learning Center (BELC) in Marikina City.
Alonzo said they learned the ills afflicting Philippine society because their parents were both community organizers, while they were still young. After college, they became a member of the Salinlahi Alliance for Children's Concerns, a network of organizations working for children's rights, and holds discussions with children on poverty and its roots.
The attacks on Lumad schools in Mindanao made them decide to settle down in the region.
A turning point was in 2011, when they joined the fact-finding mission in Upper Suyan village in Sarangani province, which left a deep impact on them
“Soldiers encamped in the community, when in fact, there were no guerillas in the area. The families barely have food. They said they had to subsist on cassava,” they said in an interview with Bulatlat. The militarization forced CLANS and the Blaan Literacy School and Learning Center (BLSLC) to close down, affecting the education of the Lumad children.
Lumad students as inspiration
Alonzo said Lumad students are their inspiration as they saw how the Lumad value education.
Unlike the students in Batibot, they said, most of the students in the province are enmired in poverty. Many cannot afford to eat three meals a day. But even then, they said, the students as well as parents, show willingness to change their conditions. They persevere in their studies, both the Lumad children and their parents.
“They are determined and eager to learn,” they said.
Lumad students are never late, they said. Parents would fetch the teachers 30 minutes before classes would start. “It was embarrassing if ever we wake up late,” they said.
Students come to school in their everyday clothes and wearing only slippers, no fancy shoes or bags.
Parents have classes during weekends. They have academic classes in the morning and agricultural classes in the afternoon.
In return, Alonzo said, their experience in the province as a teacher to Lumad also taught them contentment. “Wala na akong hinahanap pang iba.”
Language was the only challenge they faced because they came from Luzon and had to learn the language of Dulangan Manobos. But this did not deter her, and to adjust, they had an interpreter during classes. Many students learned Tagalog, while she, in turn, learned their language.
Overcoming motherly yearnings
Alonzo's son, four-year old Damian, is also with them in the region. But unlike the typical family set-up, Alonzo and their husband are not with their son 24/7. Them husband is an organizer among peasants in Davao, while they are in Sarangani. A relative takes care of Damian, who they get to visit during time off from work.
Even then, they make sure that Damian understands their situation.  They are also grateful to the relatives who help explain to Damian why their parents have to be away. When asked about their mother, Damian would say, “At the office, working with the Lumad.” When asked about their father they would say, “At the office, working with peasants.”
They said they opted to bring Damian to the province for them to see the real condition of the people in the countryside.
“Unlike me who grew up only hearing this from my parents, Damian would get to experience it,” they said, adding that Damian also goes to the farm and plays with peasant children.
As a mother, they also get sentimental, because they do not get to put Damian to bed or be the one they go to about their feelings and secrets. But they do not give in to emotionalism, and persists to overcome any anxiety, as they know that their son is well cared for and loved.
To fight for the Lumad's education
Clans have 52 schools in the Soccsksargen region. Due to the militarization in the communities, 29 of these schools were forced to stop operations. Just recently, Alonzo said four schools in Upper Suyan, Sarangani had resumed its classes because soldiers pulled out of the community. Other schools would also resume operations after being closed for the past eight months due to intense militarization.
“The teachers and students have to be kept safe first,” they said.
Martial law remains imposed in the whole of Mindanao until the end of the year, which gives the military leeway in their pursuit of supposed “enemies of the state.” This has worsened the attacks on the Lumad, with leaders getting killed and arrested every month.
Four teachers of CLANS and members of the Parent and Teachers Conference have been charged with trumped-up cases.
For Alonzo, to feel fear because of their situation is normal. But the Lumad's collective effort to fight for their right to education gives their strength to fight alongside them and give them the services that the government has long denied them.
The Rob Gronkowski “retirement” tour is over.
Gronkowski announced in an Instagram post Tuesday night that they will return to the Patriots for the 2018 season after meeting with coach Bill Belichick. The star tight end had been mulling leaving the game since the Patriots lost to the Eagles in Super Bowl LII in February.
“I met with coach today and informed them I will be back for the 2018 season with the Pats,” Gronkowski wrote. “I have been working out, staying in shape and feel great. Looking forward to another championship run.”
Gronkowski had raised concerns recently with their activity off the field, while missing the Patriots' first set of voluntary offseason workouts and considering whether they would return at all. They were spotted last week hanging out with their old model girlfriend, Camille Kostek, and was quoted on Monday joking about having their “dirt-biking skills to work on” away from football.
The career Patriot sparked the possibility after catching two touchdowns in the Super Bowl defeat.
“I'll sit down in the next couple of weeks and see where I'm at,” Gronkowski said after the game, which they played in despite suffering a concussion in the AFC Championship game weeks before. They have dealt with numerous head injuries throughout their eight-year pro career.
Having the 28-year-old Gronkowski back is music to the ears of Belichick and quarterback Tom Brady, who will have their favorite target, the 6-foot-6, five-time Pro Bowler, to throw to again. Gronkowski racked up 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns during the regular season, leading all Patriots receivers in both categories.
KHAN YUNIS: Palestinians have reacted to Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital with street protests, but one couple have come up with an idea of their own, in the naming of their triplets.Nidal and Islam Al-Saiqli from Khan Yunis in the Gaza Strip decided to name the three children Jerusalem, Capital and Palestine.Palestinians also see the disputed city as their capital and Trump's December 6 recognition broke with decades of international policy that the issue should be resolved through negotiations.The three babies — boys Jerusalem and Palestine, and girl Capital — were born in December, two weeks after the Trump decision.“Thank God, I had triplets so we were able to name them in response to Trump's decision,” said mother Islam, 25.“There is no value to the Trump decision. Jerusalem is our eternal capital,” their husband Nidal, 30, saidTo illustrate the names, the couple arrange the three tiny sleeping children on a bed with their birth certificates on their stomachs.Trump insisted their decision did not pre-judge future negotiations, but the Palestinians cut ties with their administration in anger at the move.Widespread street protests have broken out in the West Bank and Gaza.Israel seized Jerusalem in the 1967 Six-Day War and later annexed it, in moves never recognized by the international community.
Active adult real estate experts at 55places.com feature five of the most exciting 55+ communities on the landscape in 2017.
(PRUnderground) February 14th, 2017
Across the country, active adult home builders have been busy developing new construction 55+ communities in order to meet the growing demand of the Baby Boomer market. Popular builders like Del Webb and GL Homes plan to offer innovative floor plans and low-maintenance homes along with world-class amenities and an exciting social environment that caters to the active adult lifestyle. Retirees will also love the prime location of these active adult communities, making them retirement hotspots near vibrant entertainment options and attractions. Although these age-restricted communities are in the beginning stages of development, preliminary information has been released and early interest from buyers is on the rise. Active adults searching for new 55-plus communities should check out these five exciting coming soon communities as listed on 55places.com.
1. Terramor – Corona, CA
Located within the master-planned community of Terramor in Southern California's Temescal Valley, this active adult community will feature two distinct 55-plus neighborhoods named Ardena and Cortina. Del Webb will build a total of 480 single-family homes within these age-restricted developments. The Ardena neighborhood will offer three unique floor plans that range in size from 1,579 to 1,865 square feet and the Cortina section will offer three floor plans that range in size from 1,999 to 2,172 square feet. All homes will feature spacious layouts, inviting living areas, luxurious fixtures, and beautiful master suites. Del Webb plans to offer exclusive amenities to its 55+ residents with a proposed 20,000 square-foot clubhouse called The Terrace Club. Some of the amenities will include a gym and wellness center, indoor pool, arts and crafts studio, outdoor pool and spa, multiple sports courts, 540 acres of open space, and 22 acres of parks. In addition to these private world-class amenities, residents will also have access to the master-planned recreational facilities at The Veranda Club.
See the rest of the list here.
About 55Places.com
55places.com is the number one resource for anyone searching for information about active adult communities in the United States. Our website offers unbiased information and reviews of over 1,000 active adult communities. 55places.com is the only source where you will find such a wealth of information including photos, videos, descriptions, floor plans, listings of homes for sale and reviews about nearly every 55+ and active adult community in the country.
[March 19, 2018] New Optical Modules Could Improve Thyroid Cancer Screening
Early diagnosis in thyroid cancer can improve a patient's likelihood of recovery, but current screening methods use instruments with poor sensitivity and can yield inaccurate results. Consequently, doctors often have to rely on incomplete information to make diagnostic decisions and recommend treatments, and this can lead to patients receiving unnecessary surgeries or experiencing a reduced quality of life. Recently, a team of international researchers developed a point of care device that could enable consistent and cost-effective screening for thyroid nodules. Their work is part of a Horizon 2020 European project titled, "Laser and Ultrasound Co-analyzer for Thyroid Nodules," or LUCA. They will present the project's progress at the OSA Biophotonics Congress: Optics in the Life Sciences meeting, Florida, 3-6 April 2018. "The problem is in the poor specificity of the current approaches which leads to a significant number of unnecessary biopsies and surgeries," said Turgut Durduran, the project coordinator and professor at ICFO - Institute of Photonic Sciences, Barcelona, Spain. "Unfortunately, current imaging or screening modalities are not able to distinguish malignant nodules from benign nodules with a good specificity." Standard thyroid screening methods currently involve an initial ultrasound with sub-optimal sensitivity and resoution. If the ultrasound detects an abnormal nodule, clinicians perform a fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB), to test for malignancy. But, FNAB results are often nondiagnostic or false positives. These inaccuracies can subject patients to unnecessary surgeries. The LUCA project's aim is to develop a technology that improves data acquisition for medical professionals by simultaneously probing chemical constitution, water concentration, structure and hemodynamics, like blood flow and oxygenation, of tissue. This novel device builds on the current ultrasound standard with a 'hybrid optics/US [ultrasound] probe.' The device's optical modules use near-infrared time-resolve spectroscopy (TRS) and diffuse correlation spectroscopy (DCS) to collect all the tissue data, each independently a commercial-level technology already. The DCS laser subsystem features a fiber coupled laser diode at 785 nanometers and custom developed driving and cooling electronics. The custom design cuts the device cost by 10-15 times that of a standard DCS laser system.
The optical module also collects data on chromophore concentrations, like water and lipids, through TRS. The TRS subsystem, which features photomultipliers and time-correlated single photon counting, also cuts the cost to about five times lower than commercially available equivalents. According to the team, the high prevalence of thyroid nodules, at up to 76% of the population, means that even modest strategy improvements for characterizing lesions could have a major positive impact. And in fact, they have already seen how this optical innovation could impact patients' lives if it were in the clinic. "In a pilot study, the mere fact that the ultrasound screening was carried out next to our measurements identified a malignant nodule in a healthy, young volunteer, and we have seen that many nodules that went all the way to a surgery turned out to be benign," said Durduran. The researchers report that the LUCA project is also unique in the scope of collaboration across the scientific community. The consortium draws on academy, industry and clinical resources. About LUCA The LUCA Project has received funding from the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation program under grant agreement No 688303 and is an initiative of the "Photonics Public Private Partnership." Registration Information Credentialed media and analysts who wish to cover OSA Biophotonics can submit a form to register for a full-access conference media badge. Send registration requests to MediaRelations@osa.org. About The Optical Society Founded in 1916, The Optical Society (OSA) is the leading professional organization for scientists, engineers, students and business leaders who fuel discoveries, shape real-life applications and accelerate achievements in the science of light. Through world-renowned publications, meetings and membership initiatives, OSA provides quality research, inspired interactions and dedicated resources for its extensive global network of optics and photonics experts. For more information, visit osa.org. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005753/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
A Tennessee woman's video of their son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post they had just picked up their son, Keaton, from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch.
LeBron James was among the stars to show their support for Keaton Jones. Gregory Shamus / Getty Images file
In the video, Keaton said other students call them ugly, make fun of their nose and tell them they have no friends. They said milk was poured on them and ham was put down theirs clothes.
"Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?" Keaton said. "What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
"People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you."
The video had more than 22 million views by early Monday.
"We all know how it feels to want to belong," Jones said in their post, "but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere."
Among those offering their support to Keaton Jones through social media were actor Chris Evans, Cleveland Cavaliers stars LeBron James and J.R. Smith and UFC champion Stipe Miocic.
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said they and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time they come home to their native Knoxville, they want to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say they are sorry to you. you don't deserve that. keep your head up and continue to be kind...you will always Come out on top. sending a hug. https://t.co/fZn2hbMPKp — Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter they want Keaton to "add me to your long list of friends," and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton "has a friend for life" and that "love is the only way to beat hate."
The UC Davis student senate has made it optional to display the American flag at its meetings, stirring up controversy on campus and conservative blogs.
Senate Bill 76 passed Thursday, said Michael Gofman, a student senator who opposed the change.
The bill amends bylaws that required the United States flag to be on display at every senate meeting of the Associated Students, University of California, Davis. The revised bylaws give senate members the option to petition for the display of the flag 24 hours before each meeting. The ASUCD senate pro tem ultimately has authority to decide whether the U.S. flag will be displayed, according to the revision.
The resolution says that since “the concept of the United States of America and patriotism is different for every individual, it should not be compulsory that the flag is in view at all times during Senate meetings.”
Jose Antonio Meneses, who introduced the resolution, said the changes were meant to ensure the student government is following federal law, which they say doesn't allow an organization to mandate displaying the flag.
“It wasn't political in any way,” Meneses said. “But because it is the United States flag ... it's a touchy subject to talk about. We want to make sure we are not sued.”
Gofman disagreed, saying all governing bodies within the U.S. – including a student senate – should display the flag.
“It was a purely political issue from the start,” Gofman said.
The student government decision drew attention from internet blogs, many conservative – including Fox News Insider, the Daily Caller and The Blaze. Some stories say the flag has been “banned,” “banished” or “dropped.”
Meneses said that while they support freedom of speech, many of the stories are inaccurate.
“It's not a ban on the flag,” they said.
They cited a 1943 U.S. Supreme Court decision that found West Virginia could not compel students to salute the flag or recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
“The opinion in that case is that you can't force people to pledge your allegiance, by (the flag) being there; by extension, you are pledging your allegiance to a symbol that you don't relate to or that you don't equate yourself with,” they said Monday.
They said the flag has never been on display during their two years on the student senate, and no one asked about it or the bylaw requirement until now.
A Facebook post by Gofman the day before the meeting prompted offers of flag donations from veterans groups and fraternities. Gofman plans to introduce a resolution that would allow any member of the senate to bring and display an American flag at any meeting.
There is not enough patriotism, especially at UC Davis, said Gofman, who describes themselves as a first-generation American.
“I have a much closer connection to places outside of America,” they said. “I understand what the alternative looks like. I don't think members of the senate know what it is like to live in a totalitarian country.”
Gofman said they aren't aware there was a resolution making the display of the flag mandatory.
“Once it was brought up, I was shocked and embarrassed about it not being followed,” they said.
The controversy over the resolution has generated a lot of negative email to the student senate.
Gofman said that much of the email is from alumni saying they are upset with the decision and don't plan to donate to the school again.
In a statement on Facebook, Gofman condemned two of the emails, one they characterized as “racist” and the other as threatening the physical safety of the senators who voted against the bill.
“This is unacceptable behavior,” they said.
Meneses said much of the hate mail is based on incorrect facts.
“When I introduced the bill, I didn't know it would be controversial,” they said.
Share
Amazon can already unlock the front door of your home (if you let them) to deliver your packages, and now, the retail giant is looking for access to your car, too. All in the name of convenience, Amazon has launched yet another service that makes it easier for you to receive your ecommerce orders. This new feature doesn't depend upon smart locks or cameras (as Amazon Key does), but rather on connected technology that is already inherent to several 21st-century vehicles.
Volvo and General Motors have signed on to be Amazon's first partners in the new in-car delivery program. Folks with 2015 and newer connected Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac vehicles who have an active OnStar remote access subscription, or a Volvo car with an On Call account, can take advantage of the feature. As of today, in-car delivery is available in 37 cities across the United States.
“We were really happy with the response to in-home delivery,” Peter Larsen, vice president of delivery technology at Amazon, told The Verge. “What we wanted to do — and it was part of the plan all along — is how we take that beyond the home.”
Amazon has actually been testing the offering in California and Washington state over the last six months. It has apparently been a hit with customers who perhaps don't want to be disturbed at their front door, but still want the convenience of getting packages delivered to their homes (or another easily accessible location).
Initially, only Amazon Prime subscribers will be able to choose in-car delivery, though there are a few additional caveats as well. In addition to having a compatible car with an OnStar or On Call account, Amazon is also limiting packages to those that are valued under $1,300 and do not come from a third-party seller. Furthermore, if your delivery weighs more than 50 pounds or is larger than 26 x 21 x 16 inches in size, you'll have to sign for the delivery before it can be deposited into the trunk.
Accessing the new service should be pretty simple — just add your car to your Amazon Key app (the same app that lets you control in-home deliveries), and provide a description of your vehicle for easy location. Then, you'll need to be sure that your car is parked within a certain distance of an address that is eligible for Amazon deliveries, most likely your home or your office. You can set delivery for a driveway, parking lot, parking garage, or even the street — just be sure it's associated with a nearby address.
So how is Amazon ensuring that random delivery people aren't just breaking into people's cars? As per The Verge, Amazon will send customers several notifications alerting them that a package is en route. If you want to change your delivery location or block access to your car, you can do that immediately from the app — Amazon will either reschedule or go to your backup delivery location. In order to locate your car, Amazon's couriers will be able to see its GPS location, license plate number, and an image of the car. They will then verify that they have found the correct car, scan the package, and request to unlock the vehicle from a connected car service.
“Note that [the courier] doesn't have a special key or direct access to the car,” Larsen explained to The Verge during a demo of the service. “It's going up to the Amazon Key cloud, and it's going over to the Chevrolet cloud, in this case, which is where the unlock command is issued. We only actually do to unlock if it's the right person, right place, right car, right time. Got to pass all those checks.”
Then, the package is delivered, its delivery is verified, and the car is relocked. “[The courier] can't move on to their next delivery, they can't see the address, until that happens,” Larsen added.
Of course, given that the service is still in its early stages, there will doubtless be a few kinks to iron out. And given that Amazon Key didn't necessarily face the warmest reception upon its initial unveiling, it's likely that there will be a few naysayers to in-car delivery as well. Regardless, for the time being, it's another delivery option that you can explore.
The Canadian Press
A local Liberal MP who is facing an allegation of assault after a weekend visit to a Halifax bar is speaking out, calling the whole thing a case of mistaken identity.
Francis Drouin, who represents Glengarry-Prescott-Russell, has issued a statement detailing their version of what happened in Halifax in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Drouin says that while they were chatting with friends, they heard a woman shouting from another part of the bar that their buttocks had been grabbed _ and that the comments were not directed at him.
They say they then shouted for the man allegedly involved in the incident to be evicted from the bar.
That's when Drouin, who was in town for the Liberal policy convention over the weekend, says a woman with a cellphone ``mistakenly'' tried to connect them to the alleged incident.
They say they proactively informed the Prime Minister's Office and the government whip's office, and has been co-operating fully with a police investigation into the matter.
America's biggest tech giants are nothing if not popular. Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon rank as some of the most well-liked brands in the world. Pollsters find that 86 percent of Americans hold a favorable view of Google and 80 percent share a favorable impression of Amazon. The reason is simple — these companies' products are entertaining, accessible and seemingly cheap.
But their growing dominance is giving rise to an insidious trend that we shouldn't so happily accept. Just last week, billionaire philanthropist George Soros gave a speech in Davos, Switzerland, in which they attacked Facebook and Google for “inducing people to give up their autonomy” and driving inequality. He's not wrong. In fact, tech giants are just like the monopolists and robber barons that ruled the American economy a century ago. But, while Standard Oil's monopoly was as obvious as the smoke-belching refineries it controlled, the powers of Facebook, Google, Apple and Amazon are less transparent — if not entirely secret.
An average Facebook user has no way of knowing or appreciating the mountain of data the company has collected on them. And the average Amazon shopper is unlikely know that the site steers customers toward its preferred (and often more expensive) products. America's biggest tech giants have at least as much power as John D. Rockefeller and J.P. Morgan did in the early 20th century; it is just much harder to see.
Tech companies can dominate sectors without actually producing anything in those markets. Apple does not produce any music, but it nonetheless controls a huge amount of the industry. Facebook doesn't produce any news, but news organizations are highly dependent on the social platform. And these corporations continue to expand. Amazon, for instance, has entered the grocery business — via its buyout of Whole Foods — and is reportedly planning to go after health care next.
Americans have addressed this challenge before. In 1911, the US government broke Standard Oil into 34 pieces after the company monopolized 90 percent of the US oil market. Google now controls 92 percent of the global search-engine market but is still allowed to expand. The only way to tame America's tech goliaths is to see them for what they are — monopolies — and go after them using antitrust law.
Musicians were the first to experience the newfound power of big tech. A generation ago, musicians could reach fans through all sorts of channels. Listeners could buy from small, local record stores, big national chains like Tower Records, bookstores and general retailers like Walmart; they could tune into thousands of independent AM and FM radio channels. This highly distributed system provided not just a way for a musician to be found by listeners, but a way to earn real money — from album sales and radio play, as well as live performances.
Apple and Spotify control the majority of the music-streaming market
The first big change to this system came in 1999, when Napster made it much easier for almost any person to listen to music posted online by others. Although Napster was shut down in 2001, musicians soon found themselves dealing with Apple and its iTunes Store, which launched in 2003.
While Apple, unlike Napster, made people pay for music, it took the power of price-setting away from musicians. Even though Apple does not make any music, it gave itself the power to set music's price — at 99 cents a song. There are few markets in which producers have no power over the price of their goods, but that was exactly the dynamic that Apple created. Just about every year since, musicians have found themselves facing an ever-more concentrated industry, to the point where the business is now dominated by three giant music publishers — Sony, Warner and Universal — and three great Internet bottlenecks — Apple, Spotify and YouTube (owned by Google).
Apple and Spotify control the majority of the music-streaming market, and 46 percent of all on-demand music listening goes through YouTube. As these corporations have expanded, they have steadily driven down what they pay to artists and labels for their music. In the aggregate, the effect is dramatic; global recorded music revenue fell from around $40 billion in 1999 to under $15 billion in 2014, adjusted for inflation. For many individuals and bands, the result has been an almost complete loss of income. Members of the 1970s rock group The Band, for instance, went “from a decent royalty income of around $100,000 per year to almost nothing,” as their former tour manager Jonathan Taplin has written.
For musicians, “it's worse than it's ever been,” says David Lowery — frontman of the band Cracker. Artists have “no bargaining power whatsoever” when it comes to the tech companies, they say.
Jay-Z tried to take back some of this bargaining power in 2015 when they bought the platform Tidal, in the hopes of building an artist-friendly streaming service. But unlike Tidal, Apple and Spotify have enough money to expand via loss-leading. They price their services low to gain more users, and they can afford to continue operating even while losing money. Tidal — which has struggled to gain more than a small fraction of the market — simply can't keep up.
Artists say YouTube is one of the worst offenders. The video site pays less than a 10th of a penny per song any time a song is played, far below what Apple and Spotify pay.
Even worse, musicians say, YouTube steers listeners away from certain musicians toward others, especially those backed by big record labels that can afford to promote them.
The story is much the same for another set of creators: authors. A few decades ago, authors could sell their books in a highly competitive market, with many publishers and retailers competing to find the next new book and sell it to readers. But today, almost all power is concentrated in the hands of a single company — Amazon. Amazon today sells 55 percent of all books in the US, 82 percent of all e-books and 99 percent of all audiobooks. Like Google and Apple in music, Amazon uses its monopoly position to drive down the price it pays for books, negotiating steep discounts from publishers and tacking on additional fees.
For authors, “It's a very frightening time,” says T.J. Stiles, a two-time Pulitzer-prize winning biographer.
Authors have seen the effect of Amazon's power on their incomes. Full-time authors' incomes declined by about a third just between 2009 and 2015 — from an average of $25,000 a year to $17,000 per year — according to a survey conducted by the Authors Guild. As the president of the guild, Mary Rasenberger, recounts: “A mid-list author in the mid-to-late 20th century could make a pretty decent middle-class income.”
Today that's “extraordinarily hard.” Both authors and publishers have tried to get around Amazon, but the company has in the past punished publishers trying to negotiate for better rates for themselves and their authors. In 2010, for instance, Amazon removed the “buy” buttons from books by the publisher MacMillan, and in 2014, Amazon delayed the shipping of books from Hachette. “Hachette was a warning,” Stiles says. “If anyone crossed Amazon, they were willing to do basically anything to force people to knuckle under.”
Amazon even managed to convince the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice to sue publishers for trying to resist the company. In 2007, with the introduction of the Kindle, Amazon decided to price all e-books — regardless of how much time or investment was put into them — at $9.99. The publishers, upset that Amazon had taken away their ability to price their authors' books, allied with Apple to build a new e-book market. Publishers would set the price of their books, as in the previous, competitive market, and Apple would take a cut.
Movie-studio businesses cannot compete with Amazon and Netflix's money
But, the government said this was illegal collusion, even though the publishers had established a market that closely resembled the competitive book market that predated Amazon's monopoly.
Movies are another industry in which the tech platforms are becoming increasingly dominant. Netflix, just like Amazon in the book business, prices its streaming service below what it costs to operate. And now, Amazon and Netflix are bidding up the prices of films they buy — thereby setting the price of movies.
Movie-studio businesses cannot compete with Amazon and Netflix's money. This was why Disney, last year, decided to pull all of its content from Netflix. Separating itself from Netflix is Disney's only hope of staying afloat. As in other sectors, Amazon and Netflix are beginning to dominate the market, even though they only produce a small share of the movies in the business. And, as is often the case, it is the regular, non-famous creators — the scriptwriters, small actors and set workers — who are sure to be hurt most if Amazon and Netflix continue to grow their monopoly power.
It is hard to predict what the American economy will look like if the big tech platforms are permitted to continue their unchecked growth.
Although the tech giants went after the creative industries first, they won't stop there. Amazon started selling books but has since expanded into other sectors of retail, including electronics, appliances, power tools and clothing. With its purchase of Whole Foods last year, Amazon brought its monopoly power to grocery. The stock prices of leading grocers fell dramatically after that merger, but it is the workers — the cashiers, farmers, suppliers and managers who work in the industry — who will ultimately feel the real effects of Amazon's monopoly power.
Google's search-engine monopoly, meanwhile, produces a huge amount of money and data for Google's parent company, Alphabet. Alphabet has used that data advantage to turn itself into one of the most successful, powerful corporations in the race for artificial intelligence. And Alphabet has used its money and technology to build a company, Waymo, that could be one of the first to sell a real, driverless car to American car-buyers. In so doing, Alphabet is competing against the country's auto companies as well as the millions of people who work as the drivers, mechanics and builders of those cars. And as tech experts claim, the rise of AI could eventually displace all kinds of jobs, far more than those affected by the rise of driverless cars.
The good news is that America's antitrust enforcers can begin to fix this problem tomorrow
It is increasingly clear that the relentless expansion of Amazon, Google and Facebook is beginning to have a much bigger effect on the American economy. This monopolization serves to drive down wages, and it may mean fewer jobs overall. It also means less opportunity for independent entrepreneurs to start up new companies — contributing to fewer small and local businesses.
Worse still, in their speech at Davos, Soros warned of the “web of totalitarian control” that would be created if the tech giants are to combine their powers with those of authoritarian states like Russia and China. “The dictatorial leaders in these countries may be only too happy to collaborate.”
The good news is that America's antitrust enforcers can begin to fix this problem tomorrow.
For much of the 20th century, anti-monopoly law aimed to protect the producer, the creator and the work. But a group of radical thinkers upended this tradition in the 1980s. By arguing that the law should focus exclusively on the “welfare” of the “consumer,” they opened the door to the sort of unfair pricing and business tactics that have been perfected by the tech giants.
Fortunately, although the philosophy has changed, the underlying laws remain largely the same. This means that the antitrust lawyers at the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission can use their existing powers to go after the biggest tech platforms.
US antitrust enforcers have all the power they need to resume the trust-busting that freed Americans from companies like Standard Oil and plutocrats like J.P. Morgan. They just need to use that power, now.
The NFL free agency period starts Monday: Here are five players the Giants could make pursue: Andrew Norwell, G, Panthers Quite the ascension for an undrafted guy from Ohio State,...
Lifetime's “Beaches” remake is an homage to a classic chick-flick and a throwback to a certain kind of schmaltzy storytelling popular in Hollywood. And it will appeal to fans of...
Chances are that if you went to the movies in the last 50 years, you've encountered Barbara Hershey. They were Mary Magdalene for Martin Scorsese, made women cry their eyes...
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Manhattan's last full-scale recording studio was spared a condo conversion fate on Tuesday after a renown Boston music school agreed to inject $20 million to restore the West Side building....
Authorities say a man went to a New Haven, Connecticut home to meet their date and was robbed by two suspects. Google Maps
The Trump administration, in a reversal of the Obama administration's policy, won't be releasing the logs of who visits the White House, it was announced Friday.
Michael Dubke, the administration's director of communications, defended the reversal, saying it was based on “the grave national security risks and privacy concerns of the hundreds of thousands of visitors annually.”
Team Trump based its decision on a federal court ruling that most of the logs are “presidential records” and not subject to the Freedom of Information Act.
Officials said continuing to release the records could interfere with policy development, among other things.
After some litigation, the Obama White House began releasing the visitor records on a delayed basis.
White House lawyers also deleted names for national security and other reasons before the logs were made public. The Obama administration eventually released nearly 6 million visitor records.
A liberal watchdog, the Center for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, filed a lawsuit earlier this month to open the records. That suit is pending.
A man charged with killing five people at a Washington state shopping mall last year was found dead in their jail cell, authorities said Monday.
Arcan Cetin, 20, hanged themselves inside their cell at the Snohomish County jail Sunday night, said Rosemary Kaholokula, chief criminal deputy prosecutor in Skagit County.
Cetin was charged with killing five people — a teenage girl, a man and three women — at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, Wash., about 65 miles north of Seattle, on Sept. 23. They were arrested 30 hours later and allegedly confessed – but offered no reason why they went on the deadly rampage.
Cetin's family said they had been struggling with psychiatric problems. They were awaiting results of a mental competency exam.
“From our perspective, (Cetin) did not let justice take its course,” Skagit County Prosecuting Attorney Rich Weyrich told the Skagit Valley Herald.
“Some (of the victims' families) may have a great relief that it's over; some may feel cheated.”
Loved ones of victim Chuck Eagan, a 61-year-old from Lake Stevens, said they sympathized with the Cetin's family.
“We pray that the man repented to God before their death,” according to a family statement following Cetin's death.
“While this event puts to rest our fear of their release, we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or their family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief.”
The other victims were Sarai Lara, 16, and Shayla Martin, 52, both of Mount Vernon; Belinda Galde, 64, of Arlington; and Galde's mother, Beatrice Dotson, 95, of Kingsport, Tennessee.
Cetin had a record of violent behavior against their family and ex-gal pal.
They had once told their ex that their dad was connected to “bad people in Turkey” but later told investigators that their Turkish relatives had no ties to any terror groups, according to police reports.
In response to Cynthia Nixon's challenge, Gov. Cuomo continues to lurch left — and boy, is it getting awkward.
The latest came Monday: Hours after Nixon assailed their environmental record at an Albany rally, the gov came out in favor of a statewide ban on plastic store bags.
Huh? Last year, they joined the Legislature to block the city's planned five-cent tax on the same bags. And the task force they created then to study the issue came out with a “report” in January that listed options but made no recommendations.
Yet now Cuomo wants to not just discourage the bags but outlaw them?
This follows their odd announcement last week that CUNY and SUNY students can earn college credit for doing volunteer Puerto Rico relief work. Sorry: The gov has no power to order that policy.
It turns out both universities are happy to set up such programs, and a few SUNY Maritime College kids are already getting credit for Puerto Rico work under a longstanding program. But anything larger is still being developed — and the school year's nearly over.
And that followed their questionable move to use an executive order to give parolees the right to vote. Any such change should come via the legislative process, and executive clemency is supposed to be granted on a case-by-case basis — but the gov just wants their headlines.
This all follows Cuomo's lurch left on pot legalization and state grants to the city's Public Housing Authority, as well as a major boost in state school aid — a longtime signature Nixon issue.
Yes, some of Cuomo's moves are small or even empty, but others are big deals: Notably, he's also talking of drastically tightening the rent-control laws.
At this rate, New York's gov is going to make Vermont socialist Bernie Sanders look like an Alabama Republican by the time the Sept. 13 Democratic primary finally comes around.
A Moroccan man was arrested for trying to smuggle a 12-year-old boy into Spain by hiding them in their BMW's dashboard – after guards detected their heartbeat using a special sensor, according to reports.
The 65-year-old man's BMW X5 was stopped Friday at the border between northern Morocco and the Spanish city of Melilla, where the youngster – believed to be from Guinea – was found, the UK's Sun reported.
Authorities using a device that screen vehicles for stowaways heard the boy's heartbeat from inside the cramped dash, where they were experiencing breathing difficulties and numbness.
“He [the driver] was asked to open their (trunk) but nothing was found. When a heartbeat sensor was passed over the car, officers became suspicious. When officers detected the heartbeat, they took the expensive car to pieces,” a spokesperson for the Spanish Civil Guard told the Times of London.
The driver of the Moroccan-plated Beemer was promptly arrested and was expected to appear before a judge.
Almost 18,000 migrants reached Spain by sea between the beginning of this year and mid-November, according to the UN's International Organization for Migration, a three-fold increase from the same period last year, the paper reported.
About 158 migrants died making the crossing.
In July, a cop overpowered a knife-wielding man who shouted “Allahu Akbar” – Arabic for “God is great” – at the same border in Melilla.
And in August, a police officer's leg was broken as they tried to stop almost 200 African migrants reaching Spain at the country's other North African border in the neighboring enclave of Ceuta, according to The Sun.
BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) — A captured fugitive is accused of dozens of federal firearms violations in Montana for allegedly exporting guns from the U.S. to customers in countries with restrictive gun laws.
Authorities allege 37-year-old Eric Daniel Doyle concocted an elaborate scheme to use the internet to sell handguns to customers in Australia, Norway, Denmark and Sweden. The weapons were shipped through the U.S. Postal Service.
Doyle was indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 but eluded authorities for more than two years.
They were captured in the Mexican state of Sonora on Nov. 8 and is scheduled to appear Tuesday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Jeremiah Lynch for a detention hearing in Montana.
Doyle has pleaded not guilty to 44 gun violations and related crimes.
Four alleged accomplices were previously sentenced after striking plea deals with prosecutors.
This undated photo provided by Jeremy Weis Photography, shows Russell Bucklew, who is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday, March 20, 2018, for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri. Bucklew faces a potentially "gruesome and painful" execution because of a rare medical condition that compromises the man's veins and causes multiple tumors in their head and throat, their attorney said Sunday. Jeremy Weis Photography via AP)
Image caption The man was attacked near the junction of Hope Street and Cowcaddens Road
Detectives have released a description of a man wanted in connection with a murder bid in Glasgow city centre.
A 57-year-old man suffered serious injuries in the incident which happened near the junction of Hope Street and Cowcaddens Road, about 12:20 on Sunday.
The victim remains in a critical condition in the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital.
The suspect is white, in their mid-20s, around 6ft, of stocky build, with short dark hair and stubble.
They were wearing a white open collar shirt with a pattern, dark knee-length shorts and Converse-style trainers.
Police said they were in the company of a white woman, in their mid-20s, of slim build with long blonde hair.
They were wearing a short thigh-length dress, a denim jacket, a black bum bag worn to the front and white trainers.
Detective Inspector Peter Sharp of Stewart Street Police Office said: "The victim remains in a critical condition in hospital and we're continuing to appeal for the public's help as part of our investigation.
"I'd urge anyone who may have witnessed this incident, who recognises the descriptions of the man and woman, or any motorists who were travelling in the area at the time and have dashcam footage to contact us or Crimestoppers as soon as possible.
"If the man and woman see this appeal, I'd also urge them to get in touch and assist us in establishing the full circumstances surrounding this man's injuries."
Baker creates life-sized cakes of twin daughters An amateur baker has created life-size versions of their twin daughters made entirely out of cake to celebrate their first birthday. Talented Lara Mason, 31, spent more than 100 hours...
Fruitcake doesn't have to suck, with pro baking tips from Milk Bar's Christina Tosi Fruitcakes don't necessarily have to be the curse of Christmas. Take it from baker extraordinaire and Momofuku Milk Bar CEO Christina Tosi, 35, whose famously sweet (and trademarked) Crack Pies...
Sarah Huckabee Sanders bakes a pie for skeptical reporter White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is insisting their baking skills are the real McCoy — after allegations that they baked a “fake pie.” The “piegate” saga began on...
Bake like the pros for the holidays When it comes to baking — be it for Thanksgiving or every day — Gail Simmons says it's crucial to have an enthusiastic sous chef. The “Top Chef” judge loves...
College student sends apology cake to officer for trying to bite them A Louisiana woman's apology to a police officer has gone viral after they shared the details on social media. After overindulging at a McNeese State University wine-tasting event, college student...
This 'snail and mushroom' bread was a bad idea Great British Bake Off judge Paul Hollywood was left a giggling wreck — after one contestant baked what looked like a penis. In tonight's show Siberian-born Julia Chernogorova, 21, tried...
Mom reveals they used breast milk in bake sale brownies If a Facebook post by an anonymous mother is to be believed, it's time to start asking more aggressive questions about the ingredients of the cakes you're buying at the...
Butter prices in France may threaten croissant production Sacre bleu! The price of butter has ​skyrocketed 92 percent in France, raising fears the famous flaky croissant may ​disappear from the shelves of French bakeries. “At best, consumers are...
This baker is making internet trolls literally eat their words Haters can eat their words. A Brooklyn baker is turning mean internet comments into cakes. Best of all, they track down the trolls and sends the berating baked goods to...
Flooding in New Zealand has forced spiders to hilltop areas. One woman discovered the humongous webs the hard way when they saw something glistening on a hill and went to see what it was. They ended up walking right into it.
AHHHH, GET IT OFF ME!
Groundbreaking filterless, world's smallest air purifier to make debut on global stage
Taoyan, TAIWAN (PRUnderground) May 30th, 2018
Titus&Wayne recently launched a highly successful IndieGoGo campaign for its latest product, the innovative filterless, world's smallest air purifier known as Luft Qi. So far, the campaign has attracted nearly 1500 backers and raised $ 215,692- 863% of the campaign's initial $25,000 goal.
Now, Titus&Wayne has announced that the Luft Qi will debut on a global stage at InnoVEX. InnoVEX is a special exhibit area within Computex Taipei designed just for startups, offering valuable opportunities for networking with global buyers, investors, and manufacturers. Luft Qi will be on display in TWTC Hall 3 at booth G0434 during the event, which is slated for June 6 – 8, 2018.
According to Titus&Wayne CEO and co-founder Titus Chang, “Showcasing Luft Qi at Computex's InnoVEX will put this amazing product in front of a global audience, and we're excited to indulge our guests in this remarkable technology.”
Using nanotechnology, Luft Qi eliminates airborne bacteria, viruses, and chemicals from the air without the use of filters. This offers a sustainable air purifier that's both powerful and eco-friendly.
“We've already proven there's a huge market for this product with our IndieGoGo campaign,” said CTO and co-founder Wayne Chein.
Luft Qi has even been included in the IndieGoGo Team Favorites Collection, showing that backers aren't the only ones who see the remarkable potential of the product. Luft Qi is already in product, and IndieGoGo funders are receiving exclusive perks, including early bird pricing and custom engraving.
The campaign is set to end on June 11, 2018, just as Luft Qi debuts at InnoVEX.
More information about the event can be found at the Computex Taipei website . More information about Luft Qi is available now at the Luft Qi IndieGoGo page .
Product images and media kit download: https://goo.gl/wGqPXN
About Titus&Wayne
The team at Titus&Wayne offers a wealth of expertise in the area of LED, semiconductors, and more with a mission to deliver remarkable products that help customers enjoy better lifestyles.
Follow us:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/luft.purifier
Twitter: https://twitter.com/HelloLuft
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/luftqi
YouTube: https://goo.gl/zyXAVz
Image caption The area around the scene was cordoned off on Friday evening
A 29-year-old man is being treated in hospital after being assaulted outside a snooker club in Glasgow city centre.
Police said the incident happened at about 18:10 on Friday outside Reardon's on Hope Street.
The man was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary to be treated for their injuries. Their condition is not known.
Officers have been checking CCTV and have appealed for any witnesses to contact them.
Blue Zones Project
Linda Lowery, Lesley Colantonio
Dennis Sanders, Chante Pemberton
Shannon Dilworth, Lisa Vinciguerra
Melissa Meister, Cori Higgins, Jessica Crane, Deb Logan
Kathy Beuttel, Randi Amoroso
Janet Washburn, Karen Rauch
Russell Burland, Shannon Morgan
Clark Hill, Michael Riley, Tom Donahue, Pace Cooper, Jeff Jerome
What: Ribbon-cutting ceremony for Shula's Steakhouse becoming a Blue Zone's Project-Approved Restaurant
Who: Guests and patrons
Where: Shula's Naples
Video
Drum and bass star Goldie has been ordered to pay almost £2,500 for assaulting a security guard at last year's Glastonbury Festival.
At Bristol Magistrates' Court they were described as a "raging bull" when Dennis Poole refused them and their daughter access to a restricted area.
Outside court they told reporters they were "always sorry", but then asked what they had done.
Most people like to keep their retirement savings as simple as possible, and having fewer accounts can make things a lot easier to handle. Yet for a long time, there were restrictions on your ability to commingle new IRA contributions with money in a rollover IRA that you had moved from an employer 401(k) or other retirement plan. That led many retirement savers to have multiple IRAs in order to avoid any concerns about ineligibility of their rollover IRA money. Now, many of the guidelines that kept people from combining rollover IRAs with regular IRA contributions have disappeared, but there are still some reasons to consider keeping them separate rather than contributing directly to your rollover IRA.
Continue Reading Below
Why there used to be a big problem with contributing to a rollover IRA
In the past, financial advisors routinely told people never to combine a rollover IRA with IRA money from regular contributions. The primary reason was that if you did so, you would lose some of the flexibility that rollover IRA money offered. In particular, if you later wanted to take the rollover IRA money and put it back into a 401(k) or other employer plan, then you could do so as long as you hadn't commingled non-rollover assets in the rollover IRA. If you made regular contributions, however, then you would no longer be able to move the rollover IRA back into a 401(k) or similar plan.
However, the IRS now allows you to roll over an IRA into a qualified retirement plan like a 401(k) at work, regardless of the original source of the money. Therefore, you could take a rollover IRA into which you had made additional contributions and roll it back to a employer plan. Theoretically, you could even take a regular contributory IRA and roll that money over to your 401(k).
Image source: Getty Images.
Why you still should consider keeping your IRAs separate
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Even though IRS restrictions have become less strict, there are still some reasons to keep your rollover IRA free of additional contributions. First, some employers haven't yet adopted the language that allows their employer plans to accept money that wasn't rolled over from a previous employer plan. If that's the case, then if you have commingled funds in an IRA, the employer won't let you roll it over into a 401(k) account — even if the IRS wouldn't have any legal issues with it at all.
In addition, there can be some legal advantages in some jurisdictions to rollover IRAs over regular contributory IRAs. For instance, in the area of creditor protection, many of the same favorable protections in bankruptcy filings for qualified plan money also apply to rollover IRAs, offering potentially unlimited amounts of retirement money to get sheltered from debts. However, regular IRA money that you contributed directly to the retirement account doesn't get the same level of protection, with federal bankruptcy law limiting the amount protected to just over $1.28 million. If you combine them, then you could lose the unlimited protection that rollover IRAs get. Admittedly, it's rare to have seven-figure rollover IRAs, but it's still something that retirement savers should keep in mind.
Finally, there are some legal reasons beyond the retirement account context that could justify a decision to keep money separate. For instance, if your rollover IRA came from a job you had before you got married, then it might be helpful to keep your pre-marriage assets separate from what you earned during your marriage. Making contributions to a pre-marriage rollover IRA would mix the two, making it impossible to go back and later claim with certainty how much of the account should be attributable to pre-marriage assets.
Weigh the pros and cons
On the other hand, there are some practical reasons why combining IRAs can be smart. By having a larger account balance, you can sometimes get access to cost-saving investments in which smaller accounts don't qualify to invest. That in turn can sometimes justify any downside from combining rollover and contributory IRAs.
With few outright prohibitions left in the IRA area, what you do with your retirement savings is largely up to you. By understanding the potential downsides to combining IRAs and weighing them against the benefits, you can make a smarter decision about what to do in your particular situation.
The $16,122 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,122 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
I'll admit it. I love Chipotle. I eat it at least once a week. Hell — full admission — I even own a few shares of stock. So, when Óxido,...
The number of venture capital deals worldwide fell in the first quarter of the year, with 2,716 deals completed globally during the period – compared to 3,201 in the last quarter of 2016.
The latest quarterly report on global VC trends from KPMG also calls out Ireland as a springboard to the European market with its fin-tech sector continuing to show signs of growth.
Despite the decline in the number of deals, venture capital investment grew to $26.8 billion in the first quarter, with the Americas leading VC investment, accounting for $17.8 billion.
US VC firms invested $17.3 billion during the period, while in Asia VC investment grew slightly quarter over quarter to $5.6 billion.
In Europe investment remained relatively flat at $3.4 billion. Corporates participated in 22% of all venture deals in Europe – the highest percentage seen over the last seven years.
Commenting on the research, Partner at KPMG Ireland Anna Scally said: "The slow start to 2017 is not surprising, as macroeconomic matters across the EU and in the US are contributing to investor caution. However, we do expect investor appetites to pick up later in the year as we all come to terms with the new normal.
"Dublin is increasingly being chosen as the European headquarters for multinational companies and growing firms, such as Kabbage. Other companies, especially in Ireland's strong fin-tech market, increased operations and added headcount throughout the first quarter.
"Brexit is certainly a factor in this trend and is well-positioned to serve as a springboard to the vast European market. Ireland's straightforward tax regime and strong tech talent base are also motivators," Ms Scally added.
No player needing to impress their new head coach, knowing they have to battle to keep their place in the starting lineup, would not show up for a mini-camp, even if that camp is voluntary. So, it must be deduced that Ereck Flowers staying away from the Giants this spring, and especially this week, is an attempt by them to force their way out.
The Giants realize this and are listening to trade talks with any team that might be interested in acquiring a huge offensive tackle who has fallen far short of their lofty draft status. NFL Network reported the Giants have had trade discussions involving Flowers and The Post confirmed there have been conversations along those lines.
Flowers, who is not participating in the Giants' offseason workout program, was not in attendance Tuesday on Day 1 of this extra mini-camp allowed because the Giants have a new head coach.
“He's not here, so there's not really much to say,'' head coach Pat Shurmur said. “That's my feelings.
“He's not here. We understand that this is a program that is voluntary. I tend to believe it is very necessary, but he's not here. So, when they are here, we will start to talk about him.''
The next time the Giants talk about Flowers it might be to announce he's been traded — if they can find a taker. Flowers turns 24 on Wednesday and had 46 NFL starts under their belt, but they have been a major disappointment ever since arriving as the No. 9 overall pick in the 2015 NFL draft. Not long after Nate Solder was signed in free agency, Shurmur called Flowers to inform them they were no longer the starting left tackle. Flowers would be moving to the right side of the offensive line, where they would compete for the starting right tackle spot.
Ever since that conversation, Flowers' actions indicate they do not buy into the plan. Messages left with Flowers' agent (and father), Everald Flowers, were not returned.
The Giants, for now, are not believed to be actively trying to ship Flowers out but, given their no-show status, are interested in hearing what they might be worth. Can they get a fifth or sixth-round pick in this week's draft for him? Or, could they package Flowers and their own fifth-round pick and get back a fourth-round pick?
If nothing transpires, perhaps the Giants stick with Flowers and wait to see if they show up for the mandatory mini-camp June 12-14. The longer they stay away, the more they lose touch with the team and the new regime.
0:51
Trump says any NFL player who sits during anthem is 'son of a bitch' and should be fired
VFX Compositing 101: Nothing is Real Posted on Monday, February 13, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Quick and cheeky intro to the basics of VFX work including rotoscoping, tracking, 3D, and rig removal created by Roy Peker, a digital compositor at London powerhouse Milk Visual Effects, and featuring UK actor Aaron Vodovoz.
Created by – Roy Peker
Starring – Aaron Vodovoz
DOP – Jordan Stephens
Sound Recorder – James Smith-Rewse
Matchmove and Layout – Nicholas Ng
3D Generalist – Elon Ben Nov
Color Grader – Felipe Szulc
Sound Designer – Harry Landymore
Music – Zach Agassi
Special Thanks;
Vasiliy Dmitriev, Ran Peker, Bluezone Corporation, Annex Films, Hanna Szirmai, Allar Kaasik, Alex Dvoyris, Yaya Gadon, Rona Cohen, Matan Arbel, Kiel Figgins, Or Terry, Dani Frenkel, Yam Artzy,
ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio — An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if they try to borrow someone's urine again to pass a drug test.
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday, in eastern Ohio's Belmont County, after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs. Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence.
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap “bizarre” and told Wallace they wouldn't allow them to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system.
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession.
Wallace's public defender declined to comment Tuesday.
Image copyright Family Handout Image caption Colette McCulloch was killed by a lorry nearly two years ago
A coroner accused of being "dismissive" has offered to step down from an inquest into the death of an autistic woman killed by a lorry.
Colette McCulloch, 35, died on the A1 in July 2016 while under the care of a residential care home near Bedford.
Solicitors for their family said coroner Ian Pears initially only wanted to examine the road traffic accident.
Ms McCulloch's relatives also alleged they had been "confrontational" in letters to them and was biased.
Merry Varney, a partner in the human rights team at solicitors Leigh Day, said the family had threatened to take the case to a judicial review.
A spokesperson for Central Bedfordshire Coroner's office said Mr Pears had offered to step down as the coroner for the case.
'Confrontational'
Ms Varney said the family's request for the NHS Trust responsible for Ms McCulloch's placement to be an interested person in the inquest was still "unanswered".
They added: "The family's case was that the coroner had acted in a manner which denied them a full and fearless inquest."
Ms McCulloch's father Andrew McCulloch, from Wyboston, Bedfordshire, said: "Colette's death was completely devastating for us.
"But then having to fight a coroner like this to get justice has nearly destroyed us."
They added: "From our initial hearing, we have found them to be dismissive. They did not answer letters often for weeks and their responses we felt were confrontational."
In a letter to the coroner on 4 May, the family said a fair-minded and informed observer would conclude there was a real possibility that they were biased against them.
Image caption Ranger Michael Maguire died after being shot in the head in May 2012
An Army captain has been convicted of gross negligence manslaughter at a court martial after a soldier was killed during a live fire exercise.
Cpt Jonathan Price, 32, was found guilty of the death of Ranger Michael Maguire at Castlemartin, Pembrokeshire.
Ranger Maguire, 21, of Cork, Ireland, was killed by a stray bullet in 2012.
Lt Col Richard Bell and Warrant Officer Class 2 Stuart Pankhurst were found guilty of negligently performing a duty in relation to the exercise.
Nigel Lickley QC, prosecuting, told the trial at Bulford, Wiltshire, that such was Price's "total disregard for the safety of their men that a public beach 3km away and anyone on it was put at risk of being hit, such was the range of the weapons being used".
"It's fortunate there were not more casualties," they added.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption An SA80 assault rifle (pictured) and a general purpose machine gun were used in the live fire exercise
The court martial heard soldiers on one range were firing directly at those on the neighbouring range, who were about 0.6 miles (1km) away and would have been visible.
Ranger Maguire, of the 1st Battalion, Royal Irish Regiment, was one of several soldiers who came under machine gun fire and they were killed when they were shot in the forehead.
Bell and Pankhurst helped organise the May 2012 drill and an inquest held in 2013 ruled Ranger Maguire was unlawfully killed.
Image caption The Castlemartin base covers 2,400 hectares on the Pembrokeshire coast
Lt Col Chris Rose, former chief instructor to the Infantry Battle School, said Price's conduct "was not good" on the day of the shooting.
They said they failed to attend a reconnaissance of the range when preparing a Range Action Safety Plan and placed targets too close together.
Mr Lickley said: "All three men played their part in causing this catastrophe in different ways.
"The common sense of the situation is you do not point guns at people, you do not design, permit or allow an activity that allows machine guns to fire directly in line with your men, men that you know are there, men that you might be able to see, if not the vehicles that are with them."
Price, Bell and Pankhurst are expected to be sentenced on 24 July.
Why it matters to you This AI-created card trick highlights how artificial intelligence can uncover quirks of the human brain.
Writer Arthur C. Clarke famously said that, “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” With one of their latest research projects, researchers from Queen Mary University of London are carrying out a variation on this idea — by using technology (and, more specifically, artificial intelligence) to create a “mind-reading” card trick.
The trick involves a magician with two decks of cards. These get shuffled, and then the subject is asked to pick a total of eight, including both words and image cards. They must then choose a word and an image, without showing it to the magician. The magic bit? That the magician has already written down the pairing the person has chosen. It seems like spooky stuff, although its creator points out it is basic psychology.
“The AI system [that created the cards looked] for words and pictures that are closest in some type of meaning, a measure called semantic similarity,” Peter McOwan, professor of computer science, told Digital Trends. “The algorithm finds sets of themed target words and pictures that match — such as ‘hunger' — and other sets of words and picture that don't match as well, such as ‘fashion.' We then produce printed cards with these sets of similar and different word and pictures, and use a bit of clever maths in the card shuffle and dealing that means each pile of cards dealt has only one target word or target picture in it. When a spectator picks a word packet and a picture packet, it's most natural to make the word and picture association we want them to, so our prediction proves correct.”
It's neat because — at its root — it is a classic trick. There is no EEG brainwave reading, or fancy levitation. Instead, it is using pattern recognition and internet searches to discover how the mind subconsciously matches words and pictures. It is based on an idea that a magician could probably do but computers and big data make significantly easier. The researchers successfully tested the finished magic trick on attendees at science fairs — and used this to verify that it worked correctly.
A paper describing the work was recently published in the journal PLOS One. If you want to have a go for yourself, you can also download the assets here.
“It's a new area of study, which is always exciting to start to explore,” McOwan said. “Magic has been a hobby for years, but it's also an interesting way to explore areas like machine creativity and human perception and cognition.”
Next up, they want to use AI to come up with magic tricks from scratch. Just so long as they do not all involve sawing us pesky humans in half, we're happy!
An FBI counterterrorism supervisor had their gun and pricey watch stolen by an “exotic dancer,” after a boozy night at a North Carolina hotel, according to a new report.
FBI unit chief Robert Manson met a woman at the Westin Hotel in Charlotte the night of July 9 and awoke the next day to find she'd swiped their Glock .40-caliber handgun, Rolex and about $60 in cash, police said.
“Investigators determined that the victim, Robert Manson, met a woman in the hotel bar the prior night and took them back to their hotel room,” Robert Tufano, a spokesperson for the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department, said Thursday, adding that no arrests had been made in the case.
The embarrassing episode, first reported by the New York Times, is the subject of an internal investigation, according to FBI spokesperson Michael P. Kortan, who declined to give the paper any additional comment.
Manson and other senior agents had been in town for training, a law enforcement official told the Times. They told police they'd been drinking with women they described as exotic dancers, according to a person briefed on the investigation but not authorized to discuss it publicly.
Manson is a unit chief overseeing all terrorism investigations in the Midwest and Carolinas but “was not acting in a law enforcement capacity at the time of the incident,” Tufano said.
A police report obtained by the Times and filed by another agent, Kevin Thurman, identified the watch as a $6,000 Rolex Explorer, and said the theft occurred sometime between 2 a.m. and 5 a.m.
Men in New York have also had their valuables swiped by crafty vixens after they conk out. Last month, a woman stole a $37,000 watch from a man she'd just met at a swanky eatery.
Over the summer, two women stole $80,000 worth of timepieces from several saps who invited them back to their luxury hotel rooms in separate Midtown incidents.
In a similar case, two women preyed on an elderly Upper East Side man, stealing their watch and $3,000 in cash after meeting them at a cigar bar.
Also in August, a Saudi diplomat was robbed of a $30,000 Gerald Genta-designed watch, a $12,000 Rolex and $2,500 in cash after hooking up with a woman they met at celebrity hot spot 1Oak.
Kusheo launches a new SEO service specifically helping hemp, CBD, and other legal cannabis companies rank well in the search engines.
Moab, UT (PRUnderground) May 30th, 2018
Founder and SEO expert Sean Markey is proud to announce the recent launch of their new business, Kusheo. Kusheo is a full-service SEO agency that serves those in the legal hemp & CBD industries that need more traffic to their website, and higher rankings on Google.
The simple, no-frills approach to digital marketing at Kusheo is meant for those who are serious about growing their cannabusiness. While other industry SEO agencies will waste your time and money with social media marketing and web design packages, Kusheo uses a proven 3-step system called StrainRANK to focus only on search engine rankings.
According to the company's founder, “StrainRANK was originally developed to rank my own businesses. When you work with me, you're getting access to the same powerful methods that I use myself, for my own sites.”
Kusheo uses cutting-edge SEO techniques and strategies to build up your brand's authority, and get you ranked miles ahead of the competition. Once you have a viable presence on the web, the team at Kusheo gets to work building trust and authority to your site, and getting powerful links from industry-relevant websites.
Kusheo will provide your company with key exposure and the link-building needed to rank at the top. Kusheo offers two packages to choose from: The Indica package offers monthly link building services for smaller businesses going after moderately competitive keywords. The Sativa package offers monthly link building services for bigger businesses, going after very competitive keywords. Both packages include an in-depth site audit and custom keyword research, and the Sativa package includes a monthly content strategy plan.
Legal cannabis brands looking to connect with Kusheo for SEO services are encouraged to reach out at www.kusheo.com or use the contact information provided.
About Kusheo
Kusheo is full service SEO agency providing services to the hemp and legal cannabis industry. For more information visit www.kusheo.com
Why it matters to you Tencent has quietly become the industry leader in revenue, and now it has its sights set on Steam.
Tencent, the lucrative Chinese investment holding firm, is set to launch “WeGame,” a digital storefront for PC games that looks to be a Steam competitor.
WeGame was uncovered by Daniel Ahmad (via Polygon), an analyst at Niko Partners who cover the games market in China.
The Tencent Games Platform is already extremely successful in China, as it boasts more than 200 million active users, according to Ahmad. WeGame, however, signals Tencent's hopes for a global reach. It will support users both in China and across the world, feature localizations, and perhaps most importantly, offer a singular storefront. Developers and users will be able to interact on WeGame, although it's unclear to what extent at this time.
Unlike the CD Projekt owned GOG and EA Origin, Tencent has a realistic chance at dethroning Steam from its top spot in digital games distribution. Not only does Tencent already have a robust user-base in China, but it has taken steps in recent years to expand its reach across wide swaths of the video game industry.
The company owns League of Legends developer Riot Games and Supercell, the mobile developer behind colossal moneymakers such as Clash of Clans and Clash Royale. Tencent has a sizable minority stake in Epic Games, the studio behind the Gears of War franchise, as well as Activision Blizzard. It has quietly become one of the most powerful companies working in video games today, along with being the industry leader in terms of revenue. Tencent is responsible for roughly 13 percent of total video game revenue per year.
Most of its video game revenue, however, has been accrued in Asia, and specifically China. If WeGame, which will bear an almost uncanny resemblance to Steam, becomes a success, Tencent's growing power in video games could multiply. In the process, WeGame could also displace PC gaming's most recognized companies in Steam.
WeGame is expected to launch soon.
NHL preview: Penguins chase history, everyone else chases them And so they will be going for an historic three in a row … no, not the Penguins, who have captured two straight Stanley Cups, but the Capitals, who have...
Devils preview: Will young core spur improvement after hitting bottom? The Devils got the payoff for being the worst team in the Eastern Conference last season (and tied for the third-worst team in the league), earning themselves the No. 1...
Rangers preview: The only sure thing isn't so sure You go through the Top Fifty lists and maybe, just maybe, Ryan McDonagh will turn up somewhere in the high 40s, but probably not. Or maybe in one of the...
When authorities found 2-year-old William Odom of Mississippi, who had wandered away from home, the boy's dog was with him. The dog went with the boy to protect him, authorities believe. Harrison County, Mississippi, Sheriff's Department
Bloomberg, Getty Images
Somewhere in Washington, Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen is most likely breathing a sigh of relief.
Larry Summers, whom Yellen beat out for the top spot at the central bank four years ago, has toned down their criticism of the Yellen Fed. Instead, Summers is aiming rhetorical lightning bolts at Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.
In their latest op-ed, in Monday's Financial Times, Summers called Mnuchin's Treasury Department “amateurish,” ramping up their criticism of the Treasury secretary, that has been building all year.
Summers's thesis has been that one day a Treasury secretary will need credibility to calm financial markets and may find that Mnuchin has depleted that storehouse of credibility with a series of statements that strain credulity.
Specifically, Summers, the former top economic adviser to President Barack Obama and a secretary of the Treasury under President Bill Clinton who also served as president of Harvard University, criticized the Mnuchin comments that President Donald Trump has made more financial disclosures than anybody, despite not releasing their tax returns, and that planned Trump tax cuts would be the largest in history.
There has been no response from Treasury to a MarketWatch request for comment on Summers's latest column.
You may run into a situation where your PKS cluster is orphaned or you're unable to delete it with the pks delete-cluster command. I'm going to show how to manually clean up the PKS cluster in the database.
In the background I've reproduced this issue by deleting the BOSH deployment that backs the PKS cluster. When I attempt to delete it with:
pks delete-cluster cluster1
I receive the error: Error: {}. However, if I run pks clusters, the cluster is still listed. The Kubernetes cluster VMs no longer exist in vCenter so we just need to remove the PKS cluster from the MariaDB running on the PKS VM. Let's start by sshing to the PKS VM. We will need two pieces of information to do this:
The environment name: 192.168.30.52 The PKS deployment ID: pivotal-container-service-c4ffe959d20cd65146d6
Once we have this we can ssh into the PKS VM by running the following command:
bosh -e 192.168.30.51 -d pivotal-container-service-c4ffe959d20cd65146d6 ssh
Since there is only a single instance in the deployment, we don't need to specify the instance name.
Once we are logged in, we can access the database by running:
sudo -i /var/vcap/packages/mariadb/bin/mysql -u root -p
This will prompt us for a password, which we can get by logging into CF Ops Manager, selecting the PKS tile and selecting:
Credentials tab Link to Credentials for the Cf Mysql Mysql Admin password
This will take us to a page where we can find the password (secret):
Paste this value into the password prompt and press enter.
Once we are logged into the the database server, we can select the PKS database by running:
use pks;
Show the available tables:
show tables;
delete from cluster where name = ‘cluster1';
Now when you run pks clusters the cluster will be gone.
The FBI has arrested a 23-year-old man who authorities say attempted to detonate what they believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank.Officials say Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in Oklahoma City.A federal complaint says the FBI learned in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and that an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help. Officials say Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.Varnell is scheduled to appear in federal court Monday afternoon on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce.
McAdoo hints 1st unit may not be whole for last preseason game Ben McAdoo hasn't revealed yet whether their struggling first-team offense will see snaps in their preseason finale against the Patriots on Thursday, but the Giants coach said the decision about...
Vintage Victor Cruz puts awed Giants in a time machine Leon Hall can vividly remember the young Victor Cruz. “He was a problem,” Hall told The Post. “I remember going into the games where we played them that the offense...
Landon Collins eyes 'greatness' in shedding rookie year's 1 stain When Landon Collins took a mirror to their rookie season playing safety for the Giants, this is what they saw reflecting back at him: “Last year, Landon was kind of...
Why rookie's sheer voice impressed Giants in safety battle The first impression Darian Thompson made on the man who will determine if they are ready to play right away was not based on how they looked. Steve Spagnuolo, the...
Victor Cruz and the Giants to watch at bonus mini-camp Here they are, in the week of the NFL draft, and for the next three days the Giants will put their players onto the field for a three-day mini-camp that...
All exclusive-rights free agents but one get deals from Giants The Giants tendered one-year minimum contracts to seven of their eight exclusive-rights free agents Friday, highlighted by running back Orleans Darkwa. Also tendered were Big Blue's only healthy tight ends...
Stevie Brown sensed opening at safety with Giants: 'It's a good fit' The Giants have spent the past few weeks losing four safeties and watching a fifth suffer a groin injury on Monday. But Big Blue finally added one, completing the expected...
The disastrous visions of Giants' season are way overblown The panic resides in the hearts and minds of those hoping for the best with the Giants and finding it impossible to think anything but the worst. Injuries, listless play in...
Surveying Giants' damage: Safety gone for year, Beason in doubt It was all coming together for Jon Beason. They were getting the reps on the field, growing more comfortable with the new defense, getting their feet back under them coming...
Vincent Bolloré Held by French Police Over Alleged Corruption – Wall Street Journal
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
universities in Leeds have made almost £400,000 from fining students for overdue library books in the past three years.
Leeds University accrued the most money from overdue books, collecting more than £211,000 in fines since the 2014/2015 academic year.
Leeds Beckett, which collected £147,509, was the second highest, while Leeds Trinity University was third with fines totalling £27,682
A spokesperson for the University of Leeds said: “The university has five libraries and nearly 33,000 students, so our size is a factor in any comparison of library fines, and all fines are invested back into our libraries.”
With fines as little as 10p a day for each day a book is overdue, it shows that students are returning thousands of books late each year.
The universities say that all the fines are ploughed back into library services, with money spent on resources, including books and journals, “that it is benefited directly by the student”.
A spokesperson for Leeds Beckett University said: “Fines are used as a strategy to ensure the prompt return of books and to maximise book availability for all students in a context of sharing resources. Staff are also charged fines at the same level.
“Students generally support the use of fines to encourage their fellow students to bring back books promptly so they all get a chance to use them.”
Students at the University of Leeds only start incurring fines if the borrowed book has been requested by someone else, and they must then fork out £2.50 per day if the item is overdue.
A Leeds University Union spokesperson said: “The cost of student living is an ongoing conversation between us and the university. We will continue to work with the libraries to ensure that students are kept well informed on policies and procedures that may lead to fines and that these are fair and transparent.”
Warren Buffett casts big shadow in banking world Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is now the largest single shareholder of Bank of America — but that's not the only piece of Wall Street they own. Buffett, 86, is also...
Big banks push new digital currency to rival Bitcoin Watch out, Bitcoin! Wall Street is gunning for you. Swiss bank UBS is leading a team of four of the world's biggest banks developing a system to enable financial markets...
Banks' secretive chat system gets OK from state regulator Wall Street's newest chat program won't be silenced — but it won't be as opaque as banks had first hoped. Four banks got the green light on Monday to use...
BoNY still holding on to $539M in Argentine bond payments Bank of New York Mellon, whose Argentine banking license was yanked earlier this week, is still holding onto the $539 million in Argentine bond payments that a US court won't...
Argentina revokes charter for Bank of New York Mellon Argentina's banking regulator has revoked the charter for Bank of New York Mellon to operate in the country. The decision, formalized by the Central Bank resolution was signed Monday by...
BoNY caught in the middle of Argentina's bond debacle The $1.65 billion standoffs between Argentina and hedge fund mogul Paul Singer is threatening to take a hostage: the Bank of New York Mellon. Argentina deposited $539 million in BoNY...
Twin wins boost downtown office market The swaggering downtown office market scored a one-two punch on Wednesday, as Bank of New York Mellon signed a lease at Brookfield Place and Larry Silverstein got the boost he...
TOWN ‘N' COUNTRY, Fla. (WFLA) — Deputies say two people are dead following a crash involving a Freightliner tractor in Hillsborough County.
The crash happened Friday morning on Sheldon Road near Mohr Road in the Town ‘n' Country area.
Investigators say the driver of the Freightliner was stopped in the left lane of Sheldon Road, and was waiting to back up into a driveway when a 2012 Kia Rio slammed into the back of the trailer.
The driver of the Kia, 38-year-old Samuel Thomas of Lakeland, was taken to St. Joseph's Main Hospital where they later died from their injuries.
The woman sitting in the front passenger seat of the Kia, 70-year-old Juanita Paulino of Tampa, was pronounced dead at the scene.
A backseat passenger, Christino Paulino, was taken to the hospital with injuries that deputies say are not life-threatening.
The Freightliner involved in the crash is owned by Quirch Foods Company in Medley, Florida.
Deputies say no charges have been filed at this time pending further investigation.
TOKYO: An 87-year-old Japanese woman in a wheelchair has died after being stung 150 times by hundreds of giant hornets, a firefighter said Friday, as the emergency services stood by helplessly.
A swarm of hornets swooped on Chieko Kikuchi as they were on their way back from their care center in western Japan, accompanied by a helper.
The helper called firefighters but they could not reach the woman immediately as the swarm around them was too thick and they had no protective equipment.
After the ordeal, which lasted around 50 minutes, the woman was rushed to hospital but died the following day, the firefighter said.
“It was an unusual operation for us,” they admitted.
The death occurred in mid-September but was only reported on Friday, making headline news on national bulletins.
A forestry agency official said hornets often attack people when their nests are affected.
“To avoid getting stung by hornets, you should keep away from their nests, wear protective jackets and use a wasp killer spray,” the agency official said.
Some 20 people die from hornets stings every year in Japan, according to public broadcaster NHK.
TOKYO: An 87-year-old Japanese woman in a wheelchair has died after being stung 150 times by hundreds of giant hornets, a firefighter said Friday, as the emergency services stood by helplessly.
A swarm of hornets swooped on Chieko Kikuchi as they were on their way back from their care center in western Japan, accompanied by a helper.
The helper called firefighters but they could not reach the woman immediately as the swarm around them was too thick and they had no protective equipment.
After the ordeal, which lasted around 50 minutes, the woman was rushed to hospital but died the following day, the firefighter said.
“It was an unusual operation for us,” they admitted.
The death occurred in mid-September but was only reported on Friday, making headline news on national bulletins.
A forestry agency official said hornets often attack people when their nests are affected.
“To avoid getting stung by hornets, you should keep away from their nests, wear protective jackets and use a wasp killer spray,” the agency official said.
Some 20 people die from hornets stings every year in Japan, according to public broadcaster NHK.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
d'Arenberg Cube opened at McLaren Vale
South Australia's latest, and, perhaps, most distinctive, wine tourism attraction has been officially opened at McLaren Vale.
The state's premier, Jay Weatherill, cut the ceremonial ribbon on Saturday for the $15 million facility which has been dubbed the ‘d'Arenburg Cube'.
Situated at the family-owned d'Arenberg winery, the five-storey building has the optical illusion of floating in a vineyard and features unique folding origami doors.
Each level of the structure has panoramic views overlooking the rolling hills of Willunga, while inside is the winery's new cellar door, a restaurant, private function areas and numerous artworks and features throughout.
d'arenberg said these features are detailed in a new smartphone application developed by the company for visitors to use, called ‘The Alternate Realities Museum'.
The ‘Cube' will open its doors to the public this Thursday, with the cellar door set to operate seven days a week.
There will be a $10 entry fee which includes a standard wine tasting, while there will be an option for visitors to upgrade to one of several premium tasting flights.
The company said the new restaurant will offer seasonally changing menus and an extensive wine list, while the existing restaurant on the property and McLaren Vale institution, d'Arry's Verandah, will continue to operate for lunchtime patrons.
d'Arenberg received assistance from a $2 million state government regional development fund grant to support the core structure building construction, internal fitout, equipment and carpark development.
It's expected that the new facility will help to draw hundreds of thousands of additional wine tourists to the McLaren Vale region each year.
We tested the world's first running shoe made from plastic bottles. – By Lisa Abdellah
Launched at the IAAF World Championships, the upper of adidas' latest running shoe (the UltraBOOST X Parley) is made from 11 upcycled plastic bottles, intercepted before they reach the ocean from beaches and coastal communities. Same look and fit, only this time it's sustainable.
It's marketed as ‘a fast-focused, elite running shoe with the same engine and construction as adidas' marathon world-record setting models'.
Our very own Wayde van Niekerk was involved in the development of the range, and was wearing the Prime SP Parley – the world's first sprint spike made from recycled plastic – when they took gold in the men's 400m at the IAAF World Championships in London. From their result alone, we can say that a shoe made of ocean plastic doesn't compromise performance.
RELATED: Van Niekerk Triumphs In London!
That's all well and good if you're an elite athlete, but how will adidas' latest offering benefit the everyday runner?
“It's designed with the faster runner in mind, who wants to beat their friends on apps like Strava, and improve their personal bests at races,” says Matthias Amm, director at adidas Running. “It feels tight as soon as you step into it – like a fast, racing shoe.”
They continue: “Not only do our consumers want to get faster; they want to run in a shoe that makes an impact in the world, because they want to feel like they're part of something bigger – in this case, helping to stop marine plastic pollution.”
I tested the women's adidas UltraBOOST X Parley, which based on first impressions was an attractive shoe: an icy blue colour way, inspired by the ocean.
Admittedly, the upper felt slightly tighter than I'm used to in the UltraBOOST. I was worried that it may cause foot pain during my run; on the contrary, the level of support and comfort I received surprised me.
The sole was flexible and cushioned enough to stand up to the task of my 90-minute long run. The outsole is made from the same, grippy rubber I've grown accustomed to with my adizero Adios racing flats – which was particularly useful where I was running. I generally run in a more minimalist shoe, but given the bulkiness, all in all this was a lightweight, zippy ride.
The UltraBOOST X Parley Running White are available now and the blue colourway will be available in South Africa later in the year.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MARRIAGE LICENSES
■ Sylvia Celeste Cruz-Santana and Steven Cintron, both of Scranton.
■ Alex Daniel Balbuena-Bejaran and Lucia Ramona Suriel-Perez, both of Scranton.
PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS
■ Ken Kovaleski, also known as Kenneth Andrew Kovaleski, Joanna Kovaleski, also known as Joanna Pechal, Andrew Petrilak and Margaret Petrilak, by their agent, Roxanne L. Neutts, Greenfield Twp., to John F. and Roseanna M. Laskowski, Olyphant; a property at 216 Powder Mill Road, Olyphant, for $214,755.
■ Harold J. Nealon and Richard J. Burnis, Clarks Summit, to Gagan Gautam, Scranton; a property at 731 Stafford Ave., Scranton, for $135,000.
■ Theodore Riviello, executor of the estate of Jean Cammarota, Old Forge, to David C. Tisdel, Old Forge; a property at 128 Third St., Old Forge, for $114,000.
■ Frank L. Jr. and Tammy Emmett, Jessup, to Daniel and Agnieszka Zalewski, Montclair Twp., N.J.; a property at 324 Leach Hill Road, South Abington Twp., for $299,500.
■ James and Kristin Moran, Jessup, to AEG REI LLC, Scranton; a property at 973 Lincoln St., Dickson City, for $102,000.
■ Richard D. Wong, New York City, to Bernadeta Porebski, Brick Twp., N.J.; two parcels in Moscow for $38,000.
■ James A. Oliver Jr. and Nancy K. Oliver, co-excutors of the estate of James A. Oliver Sr., to Nicholas and Samantha Krut; a property on Waterford Road, Glenburn Twp., for $230,000.
■ Carol A. Towarnicki, Old Forge, to Stephen Samson and Michele Tarricone, Luzerne, as joint tenants with rights of survivorship; a property at 1220 Mowery St., Old Forge, for $148,000.
■ Andrea and Joseph Guzauski, Sykesville, Md., to MMI Realty LLC, Old Forge; a property on Lonesome Road, Old Forge, for $190,000.
■ Jeffrey and Lisa Chowanec, Peckville, to David L. Garber, Clarks Summit; a property at 616 River St., Blakely, for $139,900.
■ Charles Keller, Jefferson Twp., to Paul T. Fitch II and Justine Walker, Dunmore, as joint tenants with rights of survivorship; a property at 33 Hitchcock Road, Jefferson Twp., for $143,000.
■ Beacon Summit at Scranton LLC to Community Medical Center, doing business as Geisinger Community Medical Center; a property at 521 Mount Pleasant Drive, Scranton, for $6.4 million.
■ Richard G. and Deborah A. Ozark, Thornhurst Twp., to Patricia Inciarrano Buckley, Staten Island, N.Y.; a property at 46 Country Club Drive, Thornhurst Twp., for $133,415.
STATE TAX LIENS
■ Oligan Inc., 23 Southside Lane, Scott Twp.; $2,393.73.
■ Eugene and Eileen Rawlings, 323 Virginia Ave., Peckville; $27,150.39.
■ Robert Bell, 1000 Delaware St., Mayfield; $1,543.02.
■ Nicholas A. Carrubba Jr., 235 Jermyn Farm Road, Scott Twp.; $3,640.95.
■ Jeffrey and Lorraine B. Dymek, 520 Clark St., Apt. B, Throop; $2,419.42.
■ Darrell Yarbrough, 231 Prescott Ave., Scranton; $1,559.28.
■ Michael Brunetti and Therese McAleese, 516 Tulip Circle, Clarks Summit; $409.43.
■ Allan J. and Mary Ann Bakunas, 3241 Oak Ave., Scranton; $1,594.25.
■ Karina Montero, 521 Luzerne St., Scranton; $691.11.
■ Michael E. Radomsky Jr., 1049 N. Irving Ave., Scranton; $3,580.18.
■ Christina I. Slocum, 330 state Route 435, Clifton Twp.; $1,841.37.
■ Jigar R. Patel, 622 Quincy Ave., Scranton; $1,495.53.
■ Michael J. and Amy Fashouer, 1131 Farr St., Scranton; $1,373.36.
■ Michael P. Perechinsky, 63 Green Grove Road, Scott Twp.; $1,489.20.
■ Michael J. Fashouer, 1131 Farr St., Scranton; $10,532.50.
■ Jason J. and Lisa M. Day, 111 Cherrywood Lane, Madison Twp.; $1,072.09.
■ Edward J. III and Bernadette M. Lipkus, 119 Greenbrier Drive, Clarks Green; $4,269.34.
■ Lightpoint LED LLC, 24 Elias Road, Spring Brook Twp.; $1,097.86.
■ Courtney Zantowsky, 111 Oak Court, Apt. 1, Olyphant; $910.48.
■ Glancey Enterprises Inc., RR 3, P.O. Box 87, Dalton; $9,921.25.
■ DML Services LLC, 1205 O'Neill Highway, Suite 1, Dunmore; $954.47.
■ Cristiano Welding Supply Co. Inc., 4961 Birney Ave., Moosic; $3,118.23.
ESTATE FILED
■ Richard Sevensky, also known as Richard M. Sevensky, 420 Cherry St., Scranton, letters testamentary to Richard Berezinsky, 241 Harbison Circle, Myrtle Beach, S.C.
ONLINE: thetimes-tribune.com/courts
It's a question that's plagued almost no one for decades: What would happen if you crossed Nirvana's “Smells Like Teen Spirit” with Rick Astley's “Never Gonna Give You Up”?
This weekend, at Tokyo's Summer Sonic Festival, that unholy union was realized. Dave Grohl and the Foo Fighters invited Astley onstage during their set for some real-life Rickrolling (or, if you will, “RickGrohling”).
The result was an abomination. (“I just met them two minutes ago,” said Grohl of Astley; frankly, it showed.) But who can blame either party for trolling their audience a little?
Despite building a career on their own terms, Grohl will never totally escape their history as drummer in Nirvana, and Foo Fighters fans still occasionally implore the band to bust out some of the grunge group's classics.
And Astley knows perfectly well that they will be singing “Never Gonna Give You Up” until '80s nostalgia is made punishable by death. He's clearly been yearning for something to break up the repetition, judging by their enthusiasm onstage in Japan. (“Come on, you motherf – – kers!!”)
The crowd played along, but let's hope that this doesn't become a regular thing. No one needs to hear a mashup of “Heart-Shaped Box” and “Together Forever.”
Or do they . . . ?
IS THIS THE LAST CHANCE FOR SOME TO IMPRESS?
WILL INACTION IN SPAIN COST SOME STARS?
WHO WILL PROVIDE THE CREATIVITY?
ARE UKRAINE GOOD PREPARATION FOR THE RUSSIA CLASH?
CAN THE DEFENCE HANDLE QUICK ATTACKS?
BIG WEEK FOR MOHAMMED AL-SAHLAWI
LONDON: Saudi Arabia take on Ukraine on Thursday and then Belgium four days later in two vital warm-up games ahead of the 2018 World Cup. Here are five questions that coach Juan Antonio Pizzi will be looking to answer as they ramp up the Green Falcons' World Cup preparations.In effect, this is Juan Antonio Pizzi's first real squad since arriving in November. There was the Gulf Cup in December, where Saudi Arabia send a B-team, followed by friendlies against Iraq and Moldova with not all players called up. The plane that goes to Russia could well look similar to the one that heads to Spain this week for the training camp. Pizzi has not had much time and there are barely 10 weeks until the kick-off in Russia. This is not a squad for the future. By the time the next set of friendlies come in May, the final squad will already have been announced. It is now or never for some.There was a blaze of publicity in January when nine Saudi Arabia stars left the Kingdom for clubs in the top two divisions in Spain. Three of those are regular internationals: Salem Al-Dawsari, Fahad Al-Muwallad and Yahya Al-Shehri. They have been named in the squad. While the moves were made with a desire to provide international exposure and experience, they have not played competitive football since January. They need to prove that they are still sharp and have, in some way, benefited from being at top clubs in Spain.With Nawaf Al-Abed still struggling with injuries, the team is in need of a player that can make things happen in the final third. Abdullah Otayf has always gone a little under the radar but has what it takes to catch Pizzi's eye. The 26-year-old midfielder loves to drop deep to take possession and then pick out teammates with passes which, short or long, rarely go wrong. The Al-Hilal man can set the tempo and if Pizzi gives them responsibility against Ukraine and Belgium, we will get a chance to see how good they really are and they have a great opportunity to stake their claim to start in Russia.It is no coincidence that Ukraine are the opponents this week. It is vital that Saudi Arabia avoids defeat in the opening game against Russia on June 14 to have any chance of getting to the second round. Physically and stylistically, Ukraine is as close to Russia as it is possible to get. In theory at least, the defense and attack should get a real taste of what lies in store in the Moscow opener. It is not just about getting a taste of what lies ahead. Ukraine are probably a stronger opponent than Russia. A good result would do wonders for confidence.There is plenty of experience in the backline. But the flip side of that coin is that there is a good chance that three of the back four will be the wrong side of 30. Pizzi knows that a strong defense will be key at the World Cup but it is susceptible to pace and quickly-launched attacks. Osama Al-Hawsawi is key. The veteran center-back has to help the new coach marshal the backline otherwise it is going to have little chance of stopping Artem Kravets on Thursday let alone the likes of Mohammed Saleh and Luis Suarez in June.Pizzi has already voiced concerns about the lack of firepower they have to call upon. This then, is the chance for Al-Sahlawi to step forward and stake a claim for Moscow. The 31-year-old striker opened their international account against a Spain team that was just a month away from winning the 2010 World Cup. That was a fine start, and they have continued to score plenty, but the standard of opposition has not always been of a high level. If they can show that they can score against top-level opposition — — or at least cause problems — then the starting spot is his. Saudi Arabia are not going to get that many chances in Russia. They have scored 28 goals in 32 games for their country. Their most important goal is the one they scores next.
Anti-extremist watchdog condemns anti-extremists For decades, the Southern Poverty Law Center has been the go-to media source on violent extremism. Sadly, it no longer deserves the trust its crusading work once merited. In recent...
'Wrong' kind of hero: Why feminists diss Hirsi Ali Ayaan Hirsi Ali should be the perfect feminist hero. In theory, they fit the role on multiple levels: She's an escapee from an abusive patriarchy. She's an African immigrant who...
‘In Islam, they are all rotten apples': Ex-Muslim's call for religion's reboot There was a time when author and activist Ayaan Hirsi Ali believed it all: that, according to Islam, the infidel should die, that the Quran is infallible, that those who...
Ditched by feminists: Throwing women under the bus It's a woman's prerogative to change their mind. And feminists seem to have embraced this message wholeheartedly. According to the latest memo from feminist headquarters at Smith College, right- (er,...
Natalie Portman welcomes a baby girl Portman and their husband welcomed a baby girl, Amalia Millepied, on Feb. 22.
A look inside Benjamin Millepied's breakup with Paris Opera Ballet A new documentary sheds light on their troubled tenure in one of the biggest gigs in the dance world.
Natalie Portman is expecting their second child Natalie Portman and Benjamin Millepied are parents of a 5-year-old son named Aleph.
TOKYO (AP) — Shares were mostly lower in Asia on Tuesday as investors stepped back after several days of advances, erasing early gains. Markets are awaiting the Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday and the outcome of a major Chinese planning conference.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index lost 0.3 percent to 22,866.17 while South Korea's Kospi dropped 0.5 percent to 2,458.56. The Hang Seng index in Hong Kong shed 0.2 percent to 28,894.58. The Shanghai Composite index shed 0.7 percent to 3,300.24. The S&P ASX 200 added 0.3 percent to 6,013.20, but India's Sensex dropped 0.4 percent to 33,314.89. Other regional markets were mostly lower.
WALL STREET: Technology and health-cre companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones, with the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finishing at new highs. The S&P 500 index rose 0.3 percent to 2,659.99. The Dow gained 0.2 percent to 24,386.03 and the Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 6,875.08. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 0.1 percent to 1,519.84.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "The market is kind of in a holding pattern, just sort of waiting for the Fed meeting," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading & derivatives at Charles Schwab. "The Fed sees enough strength in the overall economy, despite the lack of inflation, to still go ahead and continue to hike rates."
FEDERAL RESERVE: The Fed is expected to lift short-term interest rates by 0.25 percent on Wednesday, the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year. While inflation has remained low, the central bank has seen a path to gradually raise rates as the economy and labor market have strengthened.
CHINA: Investors are watching for details from an annual economic planning conference in Beijing that will set the pace for reforms and growth in the world's second-largest economy. The state-run Xinhua News Agency reported Friday that President Xi Jinping told fellow leaders that the focus should shift to quality of life and improve innovation and competitiveness. Worries over possible moves to curb property market speculation were overshadowing trading on Tuesday.
BITCOIN: Bitcoin futures rose on their first day of trading on a major U.S. exchange, with the first-ever futures contract gaining 20 percent to close at $18,545, according to data from Cboe Global Markets. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and was at $16,502.25 as of 06:20 GMT Tuesday, according to Coindesk.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gained 43 cents to $58.42 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It advanced 63 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $57.99 per barrel on Monday. Brent crude, the international standard, climbed 86 cents to $65.55 per barrel. It added $1.29, or 2 percent, to close at $64.69 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar edged down to 113.44 Japanese yen from 113.55 yen late Monday. The euro rose to $1.1744 from $1.1770.
___
AP Business Writer Alex Veiga in Los Angeles, California, contributed.
Paris Saint-Germain full-back Dani Alves said they would return to Barcelona tomorrow if the LaLiga giants contacted him.
Brazil international Alves left Barcelona for Italian champions Juventus in 2016 after winning 23 titles at Camp Nou.
Alves joined Ligue 1 powerhouse PSG in 2017 but the 34-year-old refused to rule out a Barça comeback, despite the circumstances behind their departure.
"Barcelona is my home," they told Globo TV. "It's impossible to say that I wouldn't return.
"I would come back tomorrow if Barcelona were to call me."
Alves, who has helped PSG to Ligue 1 and Coupe de la Ligue glory this season as the French champions seek a domestic treble, added: "If I were to say that I didn't leave there feeling hurt then I'd be lying.
"I left hurt because I think I fought hard to create a great history at Barcelona. I left with 23 titles in eight years.
"I finished up giving them more great results and then they ended it without respecting my story.
"They wanted me to have a farewell and I told them no, because I consider that place my eternal home and when a place is considered your home you don't have to say goodbye.
"What's the point in a farewell if you're going to come back?"
LAS VEGAS: The US gun lobby, which has seldom embraced new firearms-control measures, expressed a willingness to support a restriction on the rifle accessory that enabled a Las Vegas gunman to strafe a crowd with bursts of sustained gunfire as if from an automatic weapon.
The gunman Stephen Paddock, police said, fitted 12 of their weapons with so-called bump-stock devices that allow semi-automatic rifles to operate as if they were fully automatic machine guns, which are otherwise outlawed in the US.
Authorities said their ability to fire hundreds of rounds per minute for 10 minutes from a 32nd-floor hotel suite was a major factor in the high casualty count of 58 people killed and hundreds wounded. Paddock, 64, killed themselves before police stormed their suite.
The carnage on Sunday night across the street from the Mandalay Bay hotel ranks as the bloodiest mass shooting in modern US history, surpassing the 49 people shot to death last year at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida.
The influential National Rifle Association (NRA), which staunchly opposed moves to tighten gun control laws after the Orlando massacre and others, said on Thursday bump stocks, which remain legal, “should be subject to additional regulations.”
“Gun control is a failed policy. We've tried it and it is safe to say that it doesn't keep people safe,” Chris Cox, executive director at the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action, said on Fox News on Thursday.
“There needs to be an honest conversation about solutions that work and one of those solutions is to make sure the Second Amendment is supported and protected.”
Democrats were urging new legislation, as the shooting reignited the long-standing US debate over regulation of gun ownership, protected under the Second Amendment of the US Constitution.
The NRA called for the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to address bump stocks by regulation, rather than opening up the issue to the legislative process.
Senior Republicans also signaled they were ready to deal with the sale of bump stocks — an accessory gun control advocates regard as work-arounds to bans on machine-guns.
“Clearly that's something we need to look into,” House Speaker Paul Ryan told radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt.
US Representative Steve Scalize, a member of the Republican House leadership who is themselves a victim of gun violence, voiced concern that hasty congressional action to restrict bump stocks could lead to wider limits on “the rights of gun owners.”
“There are people who want to rush to judgment,” Scalize said in an MSNBC interview on Thursday.
US President Donald Trump, an outspoken proponent of gun rights during their campaign for the White House, suggested they were open to curbs on bump stocks.
Thousands of mourners turned out on Thursday for a candlelight vigil honoring a Las Vegas police officer and member of the Nevada National Guard who was among those slain at Sunday's concert while they were there off duty.
Under a full moon in a grassy memorial park, a police honor guard including bagpipes paid tribute to Charleston Hartfield, 34, who is survived by their wife and two children.
The Las Vegas Review-Journal also reported on Thursday that organizers of a gun show scheduled for this weekend at the Eastside Cannery Casino had canceled the event, saying it did not seem “prudent” in light of Sunday's tragedy.
Investigators remained puzzled at what drove Paddock, a well-off retiree and avid gambler, to assemble an arsenal of nearly 50 firearms, thousands of rounds of ammunition and a supply of explosives before opening fire on a country music festival attended by 20,000 people.
Reports emerged on Thursday that Paddock may have targeted other sites for attack in Chicago or Boston before the Las Vegas shooting. Paddock also researched locations in Boston, including Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox baseball club, NBC reported, citing multiple law enforcement sources.
Police in Boston and Chicago said they were aware of the reports and were investigating them.
Discerning Paddock's motive has proven especially baffling as they had no criminal record, no known history of mental illness and no outward signs of social disaffection, political discontent or extremist ideology, police said.
Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, 62, was questioned by the FBI on Wednesday and said in a statement they never had any inkling of Paddock's plans.
LAS VEGAS: The US gun lobby, which has seldom embraced new firearms-control measures, expressed a willingness to support a restriction on the rifle accessory that enabled a Las Vegas gunman to strafe a crowd with bursts of sustained gunfire as if from an automatic weapon.
The gunman Stephen Paddock, police said, fitted 12 of their weapons with so-called bump-stock devices that allow semi-automatic rifles to operate as if they were fully automatic machine guns, which are otherwise outlawed in the US.
Authorities said their ability to fire hundreds of rounds per minute for 10 minutes from a 32nd-floor hotel suite was a major factor in the high casualty count of 58 people killed and hundreds wounded. Paddock, 64, killed themselves before police stormed their suite.
The carnage on Sunday night across the street from the Mandalay Bay hotel ranks as the bloodiest mass shooting in modern US history, surpassing the 49 people shot to death last year at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida.
The influential National Rifle Association (NRA), which staunchly opposed moves to tighten gun control laws after the Orlando massacre and others, said on Thursday bump stocks, which remain legal, “should be subject to additional regulations.”
“Gun control is a failed policy. We've tried it and it is safe to say that it doesn't keep people safe,” Chris Cox, executive director at the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action, said on Fox News on Thursday.
“There needs to be an honest conversation about solutions that work and one of those solutions is to make sure the Second Amendment is supported and protected.”
Democrats were urging new legislation, as the shooting reignited the long-standing US debate over regulation of gun ownership, protected under the Second Amendment of the US Constitution.
The NRA called for the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to address bump stocks by regulation, rather than opening up the issue to the legislative process.
Senior Republicans also signaled they were ready to deal with the sale of bump stocks — an accessory gun control advocates regard as work-arounds to bans on machine-guns.
“Clearly that's something we need to look into,” House Speaker Paul Ryan told radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt.
US Representative Steve Scalize, a member of the Republican House leadership who is themselves a victim of gun violence, voiced concern that hasty congressional action to restrict bump stocks could lead to wider limits on “the rights of gun owners.”
“There are people who want to rush to judgment,” Scalize said in an MSNBC interview on Thursday.
US President Donald Trump, an outspoken proponent of gun rights during their campaign for the White House, suggested they were open to curbs on bump stocks.
Thousands of mourners turned out on Thursday for a candlelight vigil honoring a Las Vegas police officer and member of the Nevada National Guard who was among those slain at Sunday's concert while they were there off duty.
Under a full moon in a grassy memorial park, a police honor guard including bagpipes paid tribute to Charleston Hartfield, 34, who is survived by their wife and two children.
The Las Vegas Review-Journal also reported on Thursday that organizers of a gun show scheduled for this weekend at the Eastside Cannery Casino had canceled the event, saying it did not seem “prudent” in light of Sunday's tragedy.
Investigators remained puzzled at what drove Paddock, a well-off retiree and avid gambler, to assemble an arsenal of nearly 50 firearms, thousands of rounds of ammunition and a supply of explosives before opening fire on a country music festival attended by 20,000 people.
Reports emerged on Thursday that Paddock may have targeted other sites for attack in Chicago or Boston before the Las Vegas shooting. Paddock also researched locations in Boston, including Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox baseball club, NBC reported, citing multiple law enforcement sources.
Police in Boston and Chicago said they were aware of the reports and were investigating them.
Discerning Paddock's motive has proven especially baffling as they had no criminal record, no known history of mental illness and no outward signs of social disaffection, political discontent or extremist ideology, police said.
Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, 62, was questioned by the FBI on Wednesday and said in a statement they never had any inkling of Paddock's plans.
Zenith Bank “NextGen” Juniour Masters begins in Lagos – Vanguard
Vanguard Zenith Bank “NextGen'' Juniour Masters begins in Lagos
Vanguard
Lagos – Sixteen players served off the Zenith Bank NextGen Junior Masters on Tuesday as Stephen Augustine defeats Emmanuel Jebutu 9-7, while Omolade Adeyemi crushed Kausarat Adegboyega, 9-1 in day one actions. The players — males and females — began …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
Arthur Simpson-Kent, 49, admitted murdering Sian Blake and their children, 8-year-old Zachary and 4-year-old Amon.
Image copyright PA
The Spice Girls have confirmed that they are planning a reunion to work on "new opportunities".
In a statement the group said: "We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls."
The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together."
Their debut single Wannabe propelled the Spice Girls to fame in 1996 - they split up six years later.
The five members - Victoria Beckham, Emma Bunton, Geri Horner, Mel Brown and Melanie Chisholm - met at Ms Horner's Hertforshire home accompanied by their former manager Simon Fuller.
The group said: "We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together.
"We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations."
Earlier in the day the former band members used their Instagram accounts to hint at a possible reunion.
Emma Bunton told their followers that the "future is looking spicy" and Geri Horner said "#girlpower is alive and well".
This would not be the first Spice Girls reunion - the group embarked on a tour of Europe and the US which accompanied a release of their greatest hits.
Image copyright Getty Images
They also performed together at the Olympic closing ceremony in 2012, however rumours of a return in 2016 failed to come true.
In November 2017 Victoria Beckham said of a potential reunion album and tour: "It is not happening.
At some point you've got to know when it's time."
"I don't think I'll be slipping into a PVC catsuit anytime soon."
The Sun reported that the group could earn up to £10m for new projects including TV work in China, a television talent show, endorsement deals and a compilation album.
A source also told the newspaper that the reunion will not include singing from Mrs Beckham.
As NASCAR transitions into an era of younger drivers, many of those same drivers worked their way up to NASCAR Cup with a stopover in racing Legends cars.
Ever since Legends debuted in 1992, they've been a huge hit from Loudon to Los Angeles. They're fairly inexpensive to race and maintain, very competitive and are great ways for family fun.
On Thursday's edition of NASCAR America, we introduced two of the top Legends drivers at Charlotte Motor Speedway as they battled for the annual Bojangles' Summer Shootout championship.
The last race was for all the marbles. Nineteen-year-old Jordan Black was going for their third consecutive championship at Charlotte Motor Speedway. They were chased by Austin Green, son of 1994 Busch Series champ David Green, who came into the race just eight points behind Black in what would be Green's last Legends car race (he moves up next season).
In Thursday's segment, called “Legends to Legend,” we chronicled the battle of Black vs. Green.
“Thousands of kids dream of being race car drivers,” said Black, who came into the season finale having won five consecutive races.
The race was Black's to win, as they built a comfortable lead. But with five laps left, calamity struck as the motor on their car blew up.
Green capitalized on Black's misfortune and went on to win the race, their fourth of the season, and what appeared to be the championship.
However, a last lap wreck prompted officials to review the outcome of the race. And while Green did get credit for the win, it was not enough points-wise, and what looked like their championship one minute was taken away the next and given to Black.
Check out the compelling story of the two young racers in the video above. And catch the attached segment after the championship battle when Dale Jarrett, Jeff Burton and Rutledge Wood break down how things played out. It was enough to bring tears to Burton's eyes!
Follow @JerryBonkowski
Mark Wahlberg's $1.5M payout to Time's Up confirmed Wahlberg got paid $1.5 million for reshoots on the film while Williams received about one-tenth of one percent of that sum.
Michelle Williams: Wahlberg's donation 'isn't about me' "Today is one of the most indelible days of my life because of Mark Wahlberg ..." they said in a statement.
SAG-AFTRA examining pay gap on ‘All the Money in the World' “We are unambiguously in favor of pay equity between men and women in this industry and support every action to move in this direction. At the same time, performers at...
Julianne Moore does double-time in 'Wonderstruck' Their last film was the wholly adult, sweeping lesbian romance “Carol,” but Todd Haynes' new film “Wonderstruck,” out Friday, seems squarely aimed at thoughtful kids. Hard to say what percentage...
Stars we lost in 2016 Look back at the far-too-long list of celebrities who passed away in 2016.
The biggest celebrity shocks of 2016 The year in celebrity news was filled with ups, downs, weddings, breakups, babies, deaths and some stories that shocked the star-loving world to its core. The deaths of Carrie Fisher and...
Inside Kylie Jenner's year of 'like, realizing things' Let's take a look back at what caused the youngest Jenner sibling to open their eyes in 2016.
Tyga's 2016 was filled with money problems The rapper's most torturous relationship of the year was with their bills.
Divorce, jail and faking cancer: The year in 'Housewives' drama We didn't ask, but we still received from the “Housewives” in 2016. From meltdowns to fights, and even more controversy off-screen, the “Real Housewives” far and near dialed up the...
The 10 most ridiculous lawsuits of 2016 A Massachusetts man who sold a faulty $40 printer through Craigslist was ordered to pay a whopping $30,000 to the purchaser, a Georgia woman won a $161,000 verdict for walking...
Community Blood Services Urges Donors to Make Future Appointments Due to Shelf Life of Blood by
Friday, October 06 2017 @ 09:59 AM EDT
Posted in News & Views
Visit www.cbsblood.org or call (201)251-3703
Montvale, NJ (Oct. 5, 2017) Following an overwhelming response this week from blood donors across the nation to support victims of the Las Vegas shooting, the immediate blood needs have been met. Donors came out in large numbers to give blood following the tragedy; however, they won't be eligible to donate again until early December.
Since blood has a shelf life of just 42 days, Community Blood Services is urging donors to make future appointments to ensure that patients have an ample supply of lifesaving transfusions going into and through the winter holiday season. To make a donation appointment, visit www.cbsblood.org or call (201)251-3703.
Tragedy can strike without a moment's notice, and the Las Vegas shooting proved that it is the blood already on the shelves that saves lives. In Las Vegas, and across the country, donors came forward to give blood following the tragedy to help replenish the supply and meet additional patient needs in the upcoming weeks. Community Blood Services actively monitors hospital needs and proactively encourages donors to make future appointments when the time is right to carefully match blood collections with anticipated transfusions.
“After natural disastersand othertragedies, blood donors often come out in large numbers to support those affected, but it is important to remember that hundreds of patients need lifesaving blood transfusions every day in our community,” said Dennis Todd, PhD, president of Community Blood Services. “Every two seconds someone in the U.S. needs a transfusion of donated blood. To patients and families benefitting from lifesaving blood donations, blood donors are heroes.”
Community Blood Services, a Blood Systems blood center, is part of a multi-state system of blood centers. This network works in tandem moving lifesaving donations throughout the system to help ensure blood is available when and where it's needed most. Individuals who are as young as 16 years of age (with parental consent), weigh at least 110 pounds and are in general good health may be eligible to donate blood.
Community Blood Services has been this area's nonprofit community blood provider since 1953, and serves patients in 21 hospitals in New Jersey and New York. It is a Blood Systems blood center. Blood Systems is one of the nation's oldest and largest nonprofit community blood service providers, currently serving more than 1,000 hospital and healthcare partners across 28 states to provide comprehensive transfusion medicine services for patients in need.
NBA draft's complete: First-round pick-by-pick analysis Here's a pick-by-pick analysis of all the first-round selections in Thursday's NBA draft: 1. 76ers Markelle Fultz, G, Washington The Process finally has arrived in Philadelphia, and it comes in...
French stud on Knicks radar showing why scouts have concerns French league point guard Frank Ntilikina, whom the Knicks have on their radar with the eighth pick in June's NBA draft, could be down to their final game before he...
Tyler Austin pointed their finger in the mirror.
Sporadic playing time wasn't the problem Wednesday night.
“I just got to prepare better, and that's all it is. That's all it boils down to,” Austin said after striking out four times and leaving four men on base in the Yankees' 5-3 win over the Astros at the Stadium. “Today I was terrible. I got to prepare better.”
Austin was making their first start in five games, and sure looked rusty, failing to put the ball in play. Against left-hander Dallas Keuchel, manager Aaron Boone opted to rest the lefty-hitting Greg Bird in favor of Austin, who owns a .931 OPS against southpaws this year. It was just Austin's third start in the past eight games.
“It's not easy, but I got to be a veteran,” Austin said. “I got to prepare myself better.”
As their playing time has diminished, Austin's struggles have increased.  They are in the midst of an 0-for-18 drought and has struck out 11 times in that span. But Boone said they still feel Austin can be productive in limited at-bats.
“Outside of Keuchel, we're running up [against] a pretty good stretch of righties,” the manager said. “But I still think you can look to get guys a day here and there that you want to get and kind of maneuver guys and use that DH slot and do the best we can to keep guys fresh.”
Austin said they try not to think about their precarious spot on the roster. When Bird was activated on Saturday, utility man Ronald Torreyes was demoted in a surprise decision. Many expected it to be the 26-year-old Austin.
“That's a difficult decision that they had to make,” Austin said. “I hate to see it. But I try not to think about it.”
Overall, they have produced this year, notching a .222/.280/.500 slash line with a .780 OPS. They have eight home runs and 23 RBIs in 108 at-bats. But those numbers were as a semi-regular. That's not their role anymore.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
Image copyright Mark Godden Image caption Plans for a memorial to extinction were first unveiled in 2010
An attraction originally designed as a monument to extinction will open to the public in 2020, 10 years after it was first approved.
The Journey - previously known as the Mass Extinction Memorial Observatory (MEMO) - is being built on Portland on the World Heritage Jurassic Coast.
The £30m project, first given the green light in 2010, was originally designed as a spiral stone tower.
But funding pressures have led to a revised £16m scheme in a disused mine.
The evolution of the project follows a partnership with the Eden Project in Cornwall.
The attraction - which will now be dedicated to biodiversity, not extinction - will be built within the tunnels of Albion Stone's mines and accessed from Bower's Quarry on the Dorset peninsula.
It is predicted to attract 325,000 visitors a year, create 79 year-round jobs and offer an ongoing programme for 30 apprentices in Portland.
Weymouth & Portland Borough Council, Dorset Local Enterprise Partnership, Dorset County Council and a number of private benefactors have pledged funds towards the £1.6m cost of developing the project.
Carolina Panthers running back Jonathan Stewart (28) set a team record for career rushing yardage on Sunday at New England, but didn't make it about him. Charles Krupa AP
There's no reason to feel good about the Knicks' future as a franchise as long as Phil Jackson, the coach, keeps undermining Phil Jackson, the team president.
That conflict was evident during Jackson's season-ending press conference Friday that sounded more like a coaching clinic than an explanation for one of the worst seasons in the 70-year history of the franchise.
Thought to be playoff contenders when the season began, the Knicks managed to be bad enough to make the lottery, but not bad enough to excite anyone about their potential position for the upcoming NBA draft.
“The buck stops here,” was the only comment from Jackson that sounded executive, but it wasn't long before they were analyzing everyone's shortcomings except their own. The Knicks finished 31-51 and there is plenty of blame to go around, but this is how Coach Jackson saw it:
It was Carmelo Anthony's fault: “We weren't able to win with them on the team.”
It was the starters' fault: “The starters never had the consistency or chemistry to win close games.”
It was the coaching staff's fault: “We did not have an identity.”
It was the fault of players with bad attitudes and preconceived ideas: “There was rebelliousness on the team,” they said, adding, “There was too much push and pull between players and coaches.”
The best compliment they could muster for Anthony was, “He held it together pretty well with all the drama.” Then they made it clear Anthony needs to find a new home for their own best interest and those of the Knicks.
“You don't want to end up your career not winning,” Jackson said.
In summation, Jackson said they built a team with potential but the Knicks “lost their way and ability to win close games.” Of course, that happened while they were away tending to health issues and left others in charge.
So Jackson's solution to all this is for Jackson, the coach, to have even more influence on the team. If that is the case, they might as well put everyone out of their misery and just coach.
From their insistence on running the triangle offense to their admission of interrupting practice to discuss offensive options with players, it seems Jackson, the coach, has undermined Jackson, the team president.
Coach Jeff Hornacek couldn't have liked what they heard Friday with Jackson suggesting they might need to micromanage more next year. Jackson basically neutered Hornacek, suggesting the Knicks coach failed in incorporating their up-tempo offense with the triangle and that they should defer to assistant coach Kurt Rambis when teaching the antiquated offense.
Jackson also said they need to do a better job of “mentoring” next year and mentioned overseeing “game plans” and being more vocal at practices.
“If I have to do that in different forms and places, I'll do that,” they said.
Even Jackson's cryptic tweets about Anthony during the season were coming from a coaching spirit, as Jackson explained. They were unapologetic about saying Anthony holds the ball, calling it “pure fact” and said if Anthony was offended, they were unwilling to be “coached.”
Jackson, the team president, reminded us they have three draft picks this year, but recent history suggests the Knicks would be lucky to get one decent player out of the bunch. Anthony and Rose probably will be gone next season and Joakim Noah will be coming off knee surgery at least. Yet, Jackson, the coach, thinks the Knicks have a solid returning foundation because Ron Baker, Willy Hernangomez and Lance Thomas are “competitive” and play hard. “People see where we're going with this,” they said.
Coaches are always optimistic because they think they can get any player to improve. Team presidents are meant to weigh risk versus reward. After three years, Jackson, the coach, is still undermining Jackson, the team president.
This morning, tens of thousands of New Zealanders turned out to Dawn Parade ceremonies across Aotearoa.
Te Kāea brings you this special morning news update with the latest from Auckland, Wellington and Whangarei, with more to come at midday on Rereātea.
Big-box electronics retailer Best Buy will stop selling CDs later this year. According to a new report from Billboard, CD sales were down 18.5 percent last year, with retailers like Best Buy and even Target looking to stop carrying the format in stores.
In a new announcement, Best Buy has told music suppliers that it plans to pull CDs from its shelves starting July 1. According to sources at Billboard, the company was only generating around $40 million annually in CD sales, a sharp decline from what was once a billion dollar offering for Best Buy. The company will continue to carry vinyl records for the next two years, following a commitment it made to suppliers.
Target is also rumored to discontinue its in-store CD sales. Sources at Billboard say that the company is trying to renegotiate with music suppliers on a consignment basis. While today, Target takes an inventory risk by agreeing to pay for bulk CD purchases upfront, consignment shifts the inventory risk back onto labels and distributors.
Read Billboard's full report here.
The federal government has announced they will pay hundreds of millions of dollars to survivors of the Sixties Scoop of Indigenous children.
Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett held back tears as they made the announcement in Ottawa Friday morning. Bennett referred to the Sixties Scoop as a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history.
Indigenous children were removed from their homes by child welfare agencies between the 1960s and 1980s and placed in the care of non-Indigenous families.
Bennett called the settlement a meaningful resolution to a painful legacy.
The agreement provides up to $750 million in compensation for an estimated 20,000 Indigenous survivors.
It also includes an investment of up to $50 million for a foundation aimed at healing and reconciliation for families.
“The survivors have identified the loss of language and culture, and therefore their identity, as the greatest harm. The creation of a foundation will directly address the need for survivors to claim a secure personal cultural identity,” said Bennett in a press release.
The first time I experienced a migraine was one evening after school. A dull headache turned into splitting pain, blurring my vision and converting my bedroom light into a source of pure agony. Then came the vomiting. It's a cycle I've experienced countless times in recent years – one that forced me to quit my job and left me feeling helpless.
A migraine attack has long been passed off as ‘just a headache'. But while ‘normal' headaches can usually be held at bay with a paracetamol or two, a migraine is aggressive, sometimes enough to be severely debilitating. It has no conclusive cause (hormones and abnormal brain activity are just two potential reasons) or sustainable treatment on offer.
Perhaps it's little surprise, then, that the world's leading survey of health conditions across 195 countries found that, in every year from 1990 to 2016, migraine attacks remained the second-largest global contributor to years lived with disability. They come with a huge economic cost, too, causing an estimated 25 million sick days to be taken in the UK alone each year. But compared to their health and economic burden, migraines remain one of the world's most under-funded diseases.
You might also like these other stories in the Health Gap:
• ‘Everybody was telling me there was nothing wrong'
• Why alcohol affects women more than men
• The health risks of maturing early
The disorder is also much more prevalent in women. In general, one in five women suffer compared to one in 15 men.
Reasons remain unclear – though a University of Arizona study of male and female rats, published in April 2018, suggests that it may be because of the link between higher oestrogen levels and lower levels of the sodium proton exchanger NHE1. Without enough NHE1, pain signalling increases. "Based on our findings, we think that women are more susceptible to migraine because the larger magnitude sex hormone fluctuations lead to changes in NHE1 expression," researcher Emily Galloway explained.
But when it comes to research and funding, migraines have been less investigated than other ailments. Despite the enormous economic costs, they continue to receive the least public funding of any neurological illness in Europe. In the US, where migraines affect an estimated 15% of people, the condition received $22m in research funding (£17m) in 2017. Asthma, which affects half as many people, received 13 times that amount ($286m or £218m); diabetes, affecting two-thirds as many people, received 50 times as much ($1.1bn or £84m). (Of course, it's worth noting that asthma and diabetes are potentially life-threatening conditions).
When the condition is studied, it often is affected by a trend seen in other healthcare research: most migraine research on animals has been done on males even though women suffer from migraines more.
Given the prevalence of migraines among women, this apparent neglect could be a result of how physicians tend to underrate pain in female patients. It may also reflect the historic – and similarly gendered – associations between migraines and mental illness.
Heady history
These throbbing headaches are one of the human race's oldest recorded ailments. Ancient Egyptian scriptures from 1200 BC detail migraine-like headaches; Hippocrates wrote about the visual disturbances and vomiting commonly associated with the disorder.
The actual discovery of migraines, however, is routinely credited to the ancient Greek doctor Aretaeus of Cappadocia, who accurately described their one-sidedness and symptom-free periods in the second century. (In fact, the word ‘migraine' is derived from the Greek term ‘hemicrania', meaning half skull).
Treatments in the Middle Ages included trepanation and a clove of garlic being inserted into an incision in the temple
Historically, the believed cause and treatment of migraines had deep superstitious links. A number of questionable treatments arose in the Middle Ages from blood-letting and witchcraft to a clove of garlic being inserted into an incision in the temple. Some medical experts recommended trepanation – the drilling of holes into the skull – as a migraine remedy. The gruesome procedure was commonly used to release evil spirits from people who were more likely to have been suffering from a mental illness than demonic possession, and is one of the first supposed links between migraines and the mind.
The greater number of females with migraines initially was noticed by doctors in the 19th Century. They believed the mind was to blame, describing the condition as a disorder of “mothers in the lower classes” whose minds were weak due to daily work, little sleep, frequent lactation and malnourishment. Women experiencing acute headaches were often ridiculed and seen as hysterical, starting the stigma of neurosis that still exists today.
“For a long time, migraine was considered a disease of modern luxury, the kind of thing that struck down intelligent upper class men and women,” says Joanna Kempner, associate professor of sociology at Rutgers University. “People with this upbringing were thought to have delicate nervous systems which enabled at least the men to engage in artistic and scientific pursuits.
“Of course, women were believed to have a much diminished capacity for intellectual work and, as a result, could more easily overload their ‘delicate nervous systems'.”
Indeed, the father of modern headache medicine, American neurologist Harold G Wolff, defined a distinct difference between male and female migraine patients. To him, men were ambitious and successful (only getting a migraine when tired). But women had a migraine attack because they were incapable of accepting the female role, particularly when it came to sex. Wolff said their female patients accepted sex as “a reasonable marital duty, at best. In several instances, it was deemed frankly unpleasant and was resented.”
Some thesauruses even listed ‘migraine' as a synonym for ‘spouse'
Kempner adds: “by the end of the 20th Century, migraine became nearly synonymous with the neurotic housewife – in fact, some thesauruses even list ‘migraine' as a synonym for ‘spouse'.”
Mind matters
It can't be denied that there appears to be a link between the headache disorder and mental health. Several studies have concluded that migraines are commonly associated with a range of psychiatric disorders. A 2016 review found high rates of correlation between migraines and bipolar; meanwhile, people with migraines are 2.5 times more likely to develop generalised anxiety disorder (GAD), and people with depression are three times more likely to experience migraine attacks. Another study found that around one in every six migraine sufferers have seriously considered suicide at some point in their lives. (One in 10 people in the general population are said to have had suicidal thoughts.)
“But whether it is causal is a big question,” says Messoud Ashina, neurology professor and director of the Danish Headache Centre's Human Migraine Research Unit. “When you have a very prevalent disorder like migraine, the likelihood that it can overlap with other diseases is quite high.”
Of course, suffering from migraines may also lead to poor mental health – rather than a ‘delicate constitution' leading to migraines, as Victorian physicians would have had it.
“It's not surprising that anxiety levels are high when one is never sure when a migraine will occur and if the pain will interfere with work and family responsibilities,” points out Esme Fuller Thomson, director of the Institute for Life Course & Ageing at the University of Toronto who has researched migraine-suicide links.
Depression, meanwhile, also may be exacerbated by the feelings of helplessness that people with migraines often experience.
Despite the effect of migraine attacks on such a vast sum of the population, the condition is surprisingly little understood or researched. “Many people in neurology and society consider migraine as a benign disease – it is not a cancer, it is not Parkinson's,” Ashina says. “But if you look at its public and personal impact, migraine is a huge issue.”
Amaal Starling, assistant professor of neurology at Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, Arizona, says some specialists don't see it as a ‘real neurology'. Headache specialists therefore have found it difficult to legitimise their practice and convince others that funding is a necessity, not a luxury.
Headache is the commonest symptom found in neurologic outpatients and the least taught to neurology residents. It's like training electricians, but not telling them about light bulbs
And some of that difficulty in getting a predominantly ‘female' condition taken seriously may be gender bias: in general, women have a harder time getting their pain symptoms taken seriously or getting a correct medical diagnosis than men.
Common condition
The sheer number of patients with migraines means that specialists should be well-versed in the condition, experts say. As one source that Kempner spoke with for their book Not Tonight: Migraine and the Politics of Gender and Health said: “Headache is the commonest symptom found in neurologic outpatients and the least taught to neurology residents. It's like training electricians, but not telling them about light bulbs.”
Fortunately, a new treatment may be in the works: an injection called Erenumab, administered once a month, which works by blocking a receptor in the brain that activates a migraine attack. (A similar drug that also targets the CGRP receptor was granted approval by the US Food and Drug Administration in May 2018).
“What's key is that this novel drug was designed for the treatment of migraine, not created for a different disease and then found to also help some people with migraine,” says Starling. “A drug designed for a disease is likely to be more effective and have less ‘off target toxicity' which leads to reduced side effects.”
As a person currently prescribed beta blockers for migraines, I wholeheartedly agree. My medication, which is taken three times a day over the course of a few months, is intended to treat angina and high blood pressure. Doctors realised it also prevented migraines. But it wasn't designed for migraine sufferers. And although a migraine-specific tablet is likely to also come with side effects, beta blockers have a scary-sounding list. including excessive tiredness and dizziness with the potential for a heart attack if you abruptly stop taking them.
These treatments join the likes of other modern, electrical and magnetic treatments, which involve hand-held devices sending magnetic pulses into the brain in order to alter the electrical environment of neurons and reduce ‘hyperexcitability'.
After almost six migraine-free months, I am now reducing my dose of beta blockers. My end goal? Zero medication. But another a migraine attack recently hit me. And a couple of months earlier, I was rushed to hospital with a suspected heart attack. Luckily, it was a false alarm. But it opened my eyes to the need for migraine treatment that won't impact my vital organs. Hopefully, that invention is on the horizon.
Correction: A previous version of this story stated that 'hemicrania' means 'half skull' in Latin; 'hemicrania' means 'half skull' in ancient Greek, but 'pain in half the head' in Latin. We regret the error.
This story is part of the Health Gap, a special series about how men and women experience the medical system – and their own health – in starkly different ways.
Do you have an experience to share? Or are you just interested in sharing information about women's health and wellbeing? Join our Facebook group Future Woman and be a part of the conversation about the day-to-day issues that affect women's lives.
Join 800,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Culture, Capital, and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
As I stepped off the little boat after 48 hours of travel, I felt a little like Tom Sawyer. Mostly because my family would be staying in a treehouse. But also because the island looked like something out of a storybook.
The jungle-covered knoll crested gently out of the sea, a small dot punctuating the lagoon between larger islands. A hammock swung between two coconut trees on a sliver of beach, the white sand stark against the green-blue water. The open-air restaurant blended neatly into the landscape, its artistic curves mimicking nature's swoops and spirals.
I guessed that it would take 20 minutes, tops, to swim around the whole island.
“Welcome to paradise,” said Ben Newton, owner of Mandala Island Resort. They nodded toward two black dogs wagging their tails. “Meet the gatekeepers, Higgs and Boson.”
We'd made it to Vava'u in the Kingdom of Tonga, a far-flung destination in the South Pacific. It looked well worth the complicated travel logistics.
From our home in Montana we'd taken a short domestic flight from Missoula to Los Angeles, then flown overnight on Fiji Airways to Nadi, Fiji, before hopping a small propeller plane to fly 500 miles east to Tonga's Vava'u island group. At the tiny airport, we loaded into a taxi with a friendly local woman (and their high-pitched giggle).
They gave us the “grand tour” of Neiafu, the capital of Vava'u, using animated facial expressions more often than words to describe landmarks. (I later learned that Tongans are renowned for their ability to convey meaning through intricate eyebrow movements, and would watch entire conversations take place in silence.)
With 6,000 residents, Neiafu is Tonga's second-largest city – although calling its few paved roads and colourful one-storey buildings a “city” was a stretch. An outdoor market beckoned near the wharf, coconuts and pineapples heaped on folding tables. Bells tolled from a white church, and a coffee shop promised ice, laundry services and pay-by-the-hour computers. Behind a mint-green wall, the small grocery store sold scoops of vanilla or strawberry ice cream. An ATM on the corner shelled out pa'angas, valued at two to every U.S. dollar. Stucco arches framed the patio of an Italian restaurant, one of only a handful in town, our driver said, “since most tourists eat at the resorts on the outer islands.”
The kingdom's 169 islands are spread over the same amount of ocean as the Caribbean chain. But they're home to far fewer people – 108,000 compared to nearly 44 million in the Caribbean. Tonga's sparse population and minimal tourist traffic make it a gem for those seeking up-close contact with underwater wonders and immersion in traditional Polynesian culture. We were here for both.
Saying goodbye to our taxi-driver tour guide, we walked down a wooden dock to meet Ben. As we loaded our luggage into their boat, I asked them about the pigs wandering sedately along the road.
“Pigs have right of way in Tonga,” Ben said and smiled. The free-range animals are a favourite food and a form of currency, they said. The more pigs you have for guests to eat at your funeral or wedding, the more esteemed your status.
On the 10-minute ride to the resort, Ben pointed out highlights as we zoomed past them. There were fruit bats hanging upside-down from thick tree limbs on Mafana island that were as long as my arm and as wide as my torso. The fringing reef, with waves breaking over it in the distance, was where sharks, dolphins and hypercolour fish frolicked in coral caverns. In the village of Ofu, cows mooed next to fishing nets on the beach.
Since we had arrived on a Sunday, the village of Ofu was deserted, save for livestock. In the Kingdom of Tonga, respect for religion ranks as high as it does for royalty. The country shuts down on Sundays, when it's illegal to swim, play loud music or conduct business. Ben promised to take us to a traditional kava circle in the village the next evening, where the men sang in three-part harmony while drinking cupfuls of a muddy, mildly intoxicating liquid made from the local kava root.
At Mandala, we hopped off the boat and followed Ben along the flower-lined path to our treehouse. The dogs scampered with us up homemade sand flagstones. Our home away from home was breathtaking: Bamboo-trimmed walls curved around a gnarled trunk and the outdoor shower was supported on leafy limbs. I put our bags on a big bed surrounded by gauzy mosquito nets while our son clambered up to claim the window seat, which also served as a daybed. The deck overlooking the ocean was ringed by a banister of driftwood and rope.
As my husband and son geared up for a swim, I opted for a ride on the wooden tree swing, which launched me out over the coral-studded shallows. Then I took a map to a hammock to get my bearings.
Vava'u is composed of about 60 islands, most of them small and uninhabited. During much of the summer offseason (our winter months), Ben and their wife, Lisa, are the only residents on their two-acre island, aside from Higgs, Boson, and their cat, Penzini. But from June through November, the resort's six seaside treehouses (fales) are booked with visitors.
In 2002, the American couple sold their home and businesses in northern California to sail across the Pacific. Ben and Lisa knew next to nothing about the Kingdom of Tonga before dropping anchor in Vava'u in 2004. But as they explored its vibrant waters and found friends among the cheerful locals, Ben and Lisa felt that they'd found a new home. They opened a restaurant and other tourism-based businesses in Neiafu, and began dreaming about building their own eco-resort. Mandala Island Resort officially opened in 2013.
During our February visit, we planned to scuba dive through caves, spearfish on the reef and sail around Vava'u's yacht-friendly lagoon. Most visitors avoid the South Pacific during its cyclone season, but we didn't mind the warm rain. It was a welcome change from the icy Montana winter we'd just escaped.
Plus, since we were the only ones at the resort, we had our pick of the many toys. Now that I'd seen the treehouse, though, I penciled in more time to simply sit on the deck, soaking in Vava'u's vivid hues.
The next morning, I enjoyed a frittata and tropical fruit smoothie in the restaurant while my husband slept in. We planned to ask Ben to shuttle us to Neiafu for a dinner or two at a local restaurant, but it was relaxing to eat most of our meals barefoot, just a few steps from the treehouse.
I took my coffee to the beach, watching herons stalk among the exposed rocks while a school of bait made dark swirls in the clear water. My son clapped in glee when they jumped out in silvery bursts to escape the barracudas and jacks in search of breakfast. I could hardly wait for my chance to get an up-close look at the underwater action.
By 9 a.m., I'd hunted down Ben to ask advice on where to snorkel. Donning a skinsuit as protection from the tropical sun, I listened to Ben explain how to use their “new favourite gadget” – a Sea Scooter that looked like a torpedo-shaped fan with handlebars. You simply hold down a trigger and it propels you along at 5 mph.
“This will turn you into a dolphin,” Ben said.
They were right. I spent over an hour in the ocean doing barrel rolls, peeking under coral bommies, swirling in circles through a river of bait fish, and diving down to study moray eels and clown fish.
The following evening we kayaked to a nearby sand cay that only appeared at low tide. It gleamed bright on the wide-open horizon, a white pyramid lapped by small waves. Two baby sharks cruised by to say hello during our picnic dinner.
On the paddle home, as the sunset streaked pink across the sky, I decided that the Kingdom of Tonga had Tom Sawyer's island beat, hands down.
One of the favorite ways of investing for millennials is growing up. Wealthfront, one of the leading “robo-adviser” investment companies, doubled-down on its all-digital strategy on Thursday, even as its...
Like many Manhattan natives, I used to alternate spending spring break in Palm Beach to visit cousin Marge and spinning my parents into oblivion on Dumbo the Flying Elephant at Disney.
Only as an adult have I come to appreciate Florida's lesser-known locales.
For your next trip, consider these seven underrated spots — because the rides will still fly next year.
Venice
Welcome to Venice — Florida's, not Italy's.
“While a suburb of Sarasota, Venice's beauty, culture, beaches and charm are all its own. Visitors from all over the world grace its streets and return again and again,” says former professor Dr. Barbara J. Gruen, 69, a Manhattan visitor turned resident. “It's a small city with an intimate feel. It's relaxed, with many beaches (all free!) and a thriving downtown of beautiful stores, independent restaurants and live entertainment.”
As visitors saunter along the city's main street, Venice Avenue, elegant 1920s homes — which line the streets straight to the Gulf of Mexico — beg for a Jazz Age soundtrack.
Bust a sweat biking from Shamrock Park to the historic train depot for a guided tour or to Caspersen Beach for collectible seashells. Recount the day's adventures soaking up a ragtime band or oldies singer at T.J. Carney's or at The Zebra Lounge piano lounge, ideal for people-watching as throngs of patrons fill sidewalk tables.
Finally, post up at Inn at the Beach, a 49-room tropical hideaway (from $183).
Fort Myers
Head farther south on the Gulf Coast for Fort Myers' beaches along gin-clear water. Stay for downtown's Spanish-Floridian feel, especially in the historic river district where cobblestone pathways usher visitors towards restaurants, art galleries and indie shops.
You may be in Florida, but this is a land where y'alls reign. For traditional Southern hospitality, dine at Veranda, two grand homes linked together with a lively courtyard. After a nightcap at Cru, head to the Pink Shell Beach Resort (from $228). The next day, refresh your jibing skills at the hotel's sailing school or bring the fam to Millennial Brewing for yoga. Post-namaste, kids can hit up the bounce house while adults sip on brews.
Captiva Island
Bookend your Fort Myers jaunt with this sliver of tranquility off the coast, where in 1955 Anne Morrow Lindbergh was inspired to write their lyrical masterpiece, “Gift from the Sea.” First, drop off your bags at South Seas Island Resort — a 330-acre retreat and wildlife preserve (from $263).
Now, it's all aboard for a stellar meal at the Bubble Room, where vintage trains chug along the walls. Slurp on she-crab soup as hits from the 1930s play, all while sitting under Christmas lights and decor that could put a tacky souvenir symposium to shame. For something fancier, feast on Cioppino (fish stew) or lobster spaghetti at Old Captiva House. There, note the 1940s illustrations of a late local editorial cartoonist J.N. “Ding” Darling. Later, carve out time at their namesake wildlife refuge, which sprawls over 6,400 pristine acres on neighboring Sanibel Island. Another option? See some of the coast's 100 barrier islands with Captiva Cruises, which embarks for secluded spots like Cabbage Key (from $40).
However you map your days, safeguard Lindbergh's advice: “The beach is not a place to work; to read, write or to think.”
Pensacola
A bull rodeo welcomed me to Flora-Bama, which has been dubbed the world's best beach bar. (The establishment is on the state line between Florida and Alabama, hence the name.) Next came oceanfront oysters and a chalky orange sunset, piggybacked by a punk band mosh pit and acoustic Eric Church covers upstairs. Somewhere between my third Bushwacker — Pensacola's signature milky, icy cocktail — and the next morning, I spotted signs for a “mullet toss” and registered for a triathlon. I've convinced three friends and two bachelorette parties to visit Pensacola with my tales from this five-stage roadhouse.
But if you need more persuading, here goes: The Gulf Islands National Seashore dazzles as you hike or paddle alongside dolphins, sea turtles and blue herons. Big Lagoon State Park inspires with stargazing and birdwatching. Gulf seafood rivals a fancy omakase dinner in New York City (and for about one-tenth of the price to boot).
Reserve a room at the Holiday Inn Resort (from $89), which delights young'uns with a lazy river, mermaids, pirates and plenty of activities.
Panama City
The fun on the Panhandle continues in Panama City. Shangri-la on the half shell awaits on the town's 13-stop oyster trail, weaving you through pearls like Bayou Joe's on Massalina Bayou. When you're bivalved out, take a shuttle to Shell Island, where you can snorkel and swim from a 7-mile-long uninhabited peninsula. Come evening, why ditch the water when you can stay on a sailboat or yacht overnight? Check Airbnb for listings (from about $60).
Sebring
Perched on Lake Jackson, smack in the middle of the state's peninsula, Sebring sits between Highlands Hammock State Park and Lake Wales Ridge National Wildlife Refuge. Rev up at Sebring International Raceway before winding down at Inn on the Lakes (from $109).
Tee off at several nearby championship golf courses or take a scenic tour with Airboat Wildlife Adventures (from $45). We'll leave gator hunting tours to locals. Later, spend a lazy afternoon at Faded Bistro and Beer Garden or return to the Inn for a meal at lakefront bistro Chicanes.
Ponte Vedra Beach
If your ideal Florida getaway means never leaving the resort, descend upon Ponte Vedra Inn & Club (from $269). Just southeast of Jacksonville, the town was named after the landmark property, which extends over 300 acres of beachfront and is celebrating its 90th anniversary this year.
With two golf courses, nine dining options and a spa, why leave? From the first sip of your loaded bloody Mary at the seaside Surf Deck Grille to that last lycopene-soaked olive before your flight home, this oceanic enclave is a true escape.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
1:51 Gardner pleased with their Mercer team
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
3:08 Donald Trump's Inauguration in three minutes
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:56 Well-known funeral home brought parklike feel to bustling south Macon
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
Every 10 years or so, Hollywood tries to tap into the economic angst of the country with a comedy.
Think of the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd classic, "Trading Places," which skewered the misplaced values of 1980s traders. Or "Fun with Dick and Jane," which had Jim Carrey and Téa Leoni resorting to an escalating series of heists to bring down a '90s CEO villain played with good ol' boy flair by Alec Baldwin.
The latest in the getting-even genre has Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine and Alan Arkin as retirees who get financially screwed by a bank.
One sees their mortgage triple thanks to a poorly explained refi. The others have their pensions frozen in a steel company closing, then the pension fund is taken over by the same evil bank.
Naturally, being Hollywood, the answer is to rob the bank, and that's where the laughs ensue in "Going in Style," as three men in their 80s plan a robbery well above their abilities and experience, all the while cracking jokes as only a trio of Oscar winners can.
There's nothing funny about actual bank robbery, of course. But what rings true to viewers in all three of these comedies is the overwhelming desire for revenge, however clumsy the effort.
The 1980s were a time of extremes and abuses in the markets as traders binged on power and excessive consumption. It's hysterical when Aykroyd and Murphy turn the tables on their bosses.
Baldwin's southern-accented CEO is a dead ringer for the jailed Enron crowd, so you cheer as Carrey ups the ante and targets their boss's ill-gotten fortune via a high-stakes bank caper.
Similarly, you will cheer on the bumbling pensioners in "Going in Style." The guilt of the bankers they take down is palpable.
What rings true here is that many millions of Americans were hurt by the 2008 housing crash and the subsequent stock market collapse. It's telling that essentially nobody of consequence in charge of the major banks was punished for their greed.
It's turns out to be very hard to prove guilt when the "crime" is taking immeasurable risks with other people's money.
Here's the real reason why U.S. health care is so expensive (2:21) The U.S. is the largest health-care spender in the world, but that doesn't actually translate into better health outcomes for Americans. Dr. Clay Johnston, Dean of the Dell Medical School at The University of Texas at Austin, explains why.
As millions of Americans start to retire, what they're starting to learn is that something very much like the 1980s and 1990s financial misdeeds and the 2000 housing and banking debacle has happened to their own, private retirement plans.
Read: Why many financial advisers aren't worried about posting anti-Trump opinions
The bad guys are the same. Big-name retirement firms overcharge their clients by an estimated $47 million a day, according to White House research. That's how many retirement investors lose to high fees on their retirement investments.
You'd think people would notice tens of millions of dollars leaving their accounts, but Wall Street has this trick perfected: Make a fee seem small when it's not.
Coming up short
Most financial advisers charge their clients a "standard" fee of 1%, which to the unsuspecting customer sounds like nothing. The adviser then buys mutual funds which cost the client, on average, another 1%. Often, they get paid extra by the funds just for recommending them.
What gets by people is that the 2% charge (or more) is taken from their account balance every year, regardless of what happens in the stock market. Over time, the cost of stock pickers and advisers ends up being substantial. One-third and up to half of your market gains go to them, not you.
That's a big part of the reason why so many otherwise diligent retirement savers are coming up short now that they need their money.
The Trump administration is working to do away with a rule, put in place by the previous administration's Department of Labor, which would require retirement advisers to act in the interest of their clients first.
Read: How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder
Called the fiduciary rule, it was supposed to take effect just this past week. Now the rule is delayed until June and, by then, the current administration may find a way to kill it completely.
Now, $47 million a day is no laughing matter, but we can't help but wonder, 10 years from now, who will play the comically aggrieved retiree bent on revenge in the eventual movie. Jack Black, perhaps? As for the Trump role, we imagine Alec Baldwin will be available.
One hopes, of course, that cooler heads will prevail and that the fiduciary rule will take effect without further delay. Until then, we'll be making the popcorn.
Stella McCartney doesn't do glamour like other famous brands do. Them definition of glamour is unique and mixed with a lot of sportswear elements. In their Spring 2018 collection, you will see many elegant designs infused with an 80s vibe. Retro hip-hop sounds filled the space of the astonishing Opera Garnier, the venue for the event. It was a contrasting choice considering the style differences between the grandiose setting and the looks from the collection.
“I think we've always had an appetite for glamour. We've always craved humor and color and texture. It's the mix. Glamour on glamour I'm not really interested in, and I never really have been. It's taking that high and providing the low to it, and having a line that's in reality.”- McCartney said backstage.
Many fashion critics label Stella's designs as too ordinary and boring. But now the time has come when all those athleisure outfits are making a huge come-back. Stella once again proved that fashion can be sustainable and modern at the same time. Even though they have a limited source of fabrics to use, they still manage to present beautiful collections. McCartney is one of the biggest advocates for using environmentally safe materials. They successfully include eco-friendly fabrics in the making of their designs.
For Spring 2018, the British designer endorsed oversized, retro looks. In this collection, Stella debuted new innovative fabric. “Skin-Free Skin” is a sustainable, eco-friendly material that looks exactly like leather. Leopard print dresses, skirts, and jumpsuits were made of this fabric. McCartney brought back another trend from the 80s. The return of stone washed and overdyed denim is the moment that no one expected.
The best thing about their Spring 2018 collection was the cheerful colors and vibrant prints. The mesmerizing monochrome looks are Stella's specialty, and this time they weren't boring at all. The small details such as the peplum elements and tiny frills spice up the looks. Strong statement hues such as mustard yellow, fuchsia, and dramatic green made the whole appearance very eye-pleasing. Another standout moment was the use of the vibrant African print.
Stella McCartney is slowly making a dramatic change in the world of fashion.  They are the proof that safe environment and sophisticated looks go together. With the Spring 2018 collection, they brought a fresh, new wave of innovations that should serve as a lesson for everyone in the industry.
Photo: Yannis Vlamos / Indigital.tv
ERIN, Wis. – The last two U.S. Opens, to put it mildly, have not exactly gone according to plan for the USGA. But chief executive Mike Davis insists the organization has learned from its recent miscues and is hoping for a “nice, smooth” tournament this week.
Erin Hills is a new venue for the USGA, just as Chambers Bay was in 2015. But two years ago the storylines were dominated by the poor condition of the greens and the browned-out look of the course, narratives that nearly overshadowed a memorable finish between Jordan Spieth and Dustin Johnson.
Then there was the rules fiasco involving Johnson last year at Oakmont, one in which the leaderboard was held in limbo during the final round as officials huddled to determine whether or not the tournament leader would be penalized for the microscopic movement of their ball.
U.S. Open: Tee times | Full coverage
The USGA received plenty of criticism following both championships, especially after Oakmont where the damage was largely perceived as self-inflicted. Given another 12 months to assess and recover, Davis offered a candid explanation on the eve of the USGA's marquee championship.
“If we're being honest, yeah, we're human. We know we've had some issues the last two years,” Davis said. “I think we'll look back at those (events) with a lot of fond memories. But yes, there are some things that of course we had some issues.”
Several officials, including Davis, came under fire in the wake of last year's imbroglio. While they insisted that the USGA has “learned from” mistakes made last year, they added that the ripple effects from that incident were not limited merely to those who were closely tied to the ruling itself.
“It affects the whole organization,” they said. “By that I mean that anytime your competency comes into question, that affects the people that are doing our equipment testing, the agronomic people on the greens section, our people in dealing with the history of the game and helping to grow the game. So of course, we want to avoid those things. But sometimes things happen.”
Another top college basketball program could soon have a Hurley leading the way.
The University of Connecticut is homing in on Rhode Island coach Dan Hurley, according to multiple local reports, just over a week after firing six-year head coach Kevin Ollie. If the deal materializes, Hurley would be following in the footsteps of brother Bobby, who now coaches at Arizona State after beginning their coaching career at a couple of mid-majors.
Dan Hurley's name had surfaced as a top option for a number of college coaching vacancies after they led the Rams to their second consecutive NCAA Tournament appearance this year. Before 2017, Rhode Island had not been to the Tournament since 1999. In Hurley's sixth season as head coach, the team earned a seventh seed and defeated Oklahoma in the first round, but again failed to make it past the second round in losing to No. 2 Duke.
Hurley hails from an iconic New Jersey basketball family, led by their father, Bob, who became a legend as the coach of Jersey City's St. Anthony High School. Dan and Bobby Hurley played under their father at the school before transitioning into college, with Dan playing at Seton Hall and Bobby winning two national championships at Duke — and spending five seasons in the NBA with the Kings.
The UConn opening has come under contention after Ollie announced they would fight the program's reason for firing him, which the school said was for “just cause” due to the NCAA's current investigation into the program's conduct. The details of the inquiry remain unclear, though UConn athletic director David Benedict called Ollie's forced exit “necessary.”
Ollie signed a five-year, multi-million dollar contract extension in 2014, the same year they led the Huskies to an NCAA championship.
When you're the star who owns a 31,000-square-foot mansion with a full-length basketball court, helicopter landing pad and 24 60-inch flat screens, income equality is inherently difficult to broach.
Even trickier is making a staunch argument that your brethren are underpaid, and the NASCAR industry needs revenue redistribution.
Denny Hamlin might not be the ideal guy to make the case, but they are the right guy to put forth a complex and divisive topic that at least is worthy of attention and conversation.
A little more than three years ago, the Joe Gibbs Racing driver gathered their peers in the parking lot of the NASCAR R&D center, handed out notecards with talking points to ensure consistent messaging and went inside to meet with Mike Helton and other NASCAR executives.
That was the genesis of the Drivers Council, which is in its third year of tackling major issues in Cup through regular audiences with the sanctioning body.
“It's because I'm passionate about it,” Hamlin explained during a February episode of the NASCAR on NBC podcast. “Gibbs says the same thing every time we come around to contract negotiations: You're very passionate about something and stick to your guns.
“I just feel like when I'm passionate about something, first I want to make sure it's right. I don't want to just say, ‘This is my idea, and it's right because it's my idea.' I want to get feedback from other drivers on that to make sure it's the right idea. I'm passionate about it, and I feel I have a way to communicate that to NASCAR without pissing them off at times.”
Not always, of course.
Hamlin's comments Wednesday morning weren't received well in some powerful corners of the Cup Series (on Thursday, NASCAR senior vice president Steve O'Donnell said Hamlin “might need to speak to some of the other stakeholders and maybe get a little bit better education”) and assuredly led to some form of them being read the riot act by someone with a board-level title. And it isn't the first time they have been willing to enter the crosshairs for what they believe in, either.
This is the same driver who once steadfastly refused to pay a fine in March 2013 for a rather innocuous review of the Gen 6 car that was deemed “detrimental to stock-car racing.” A deal eventually was brokered in which they paid, but NASCAR took the major PR hit because Hamlin stood their ground.
A few years before that, it was an unannounced $50,000 fine for an offhand remark about debris cautions on Twitter. NASCAR discontinued its secret fine system a year later.
The son of a trailer-hitch business owner from the Richmond, Va., area, has their detractors for living lavishly (he hasn't been shy about showcasing their Lake Norman abode), but there can be no questioning Hamlin's willingness to go to the mat for that which they believe.
And the even-keeled manner Wednesday in which they addressed the economics for drivers and teams was indicative of the fact that they clearly have deliberated on this for a long time before landing on a position that was controversial for many — notably fans who are tired of hearing about athletes commanding nine- to 10-figure annual salaries and demanding more.
The question of whether pro sports stars are worthy of such disproportionate compensation is a separate argument for another day, but it's indisputable that NBA and NFL players have among the best labor deals in pro sports – receiving roughly 50% of their leagues' primary revenue streams.
It also is beyond debate that if there is a driver qualified to weigh in on that, it's Hamlin – regardless of their opulent lifestyle (whether it's fair to judge how they or anyone chooses to spend their money is yet another question).
In the absence of Jeff Gordon, Tony Stewart and now the impending retirement of Dale Earnhardt Jr., there are fewer drivers than any point in recent memory willing to embrace the scrutiny that accompanies speaking out on a major issue, particularly in a league that is beholden in many ways to image-conscious corporate sponsors.
Hamlin and Brad Keselowski are those who most consistently voice objections when they feel strongly about a topic, and in Wednesday's case, it's an issue that should concern everyone – the long-term viability of race teams that make the weekly show possible.
After being asked about whether the 2018 rules would help reduce costs for teams, Hamlin confirmed it would to a degree (via “stacking pennies,” as it's known in NASCAR vernacular). But they also leaped to a larger solution: Finding a way teams no longer would be so reliant on corporate sponsorship, which is becoming scarcer each season (for some reasons beyond NASCAR's control).
“The pie has to be shifted,” they said, implying that race teams, which currently receive a quarter of the largest guaranteed revenue stream, should be given more.
This is where things get complicated in an unavoidable mess of optics.
If you're having an honest discussion about making team financials work, it's natural to ask whether it should start with jettisoning driver salaries that can be a massive seven- or eight-figure line item. Hamlin was asked just that Wednesday, and they candidly responded that drivers are underpaid, particularly those on the back half of the grid.
This understandably is a hard sell to a fan base that is middle class and traditionally blue collar. No one wants to hear that drivers who make millions aren't getting their due. From a philosophical standpoint, no professional athlete is underpaid.
But in the real world, it's fact that NASCAR drivers don't stack up with their counterparts – even though they are face greater occupational hazards (yes, the riskiest jobs often don't draw the largest salaries – this is comparative analysis, not an exacting thesis on the shortcomings of capitalism).
NFL and NBA players earn a greater percentage of league income through their labor contracts (again, it's a separate discussion why stock-car racing doesn't have them, and drivers are in a weaker position partly of their own making). NASCAR driver salaries are closely guarded secrets, but it's reasonable to presume it's nowhere near 50% of guaranteed revenue.
When Hamlin lobbies for driver earnings to be commensurate with other leagues, they aren't suggesting they deserve the $40 million annual deals that many NBA stars are getting (though they and other NASCAR stars probably should get a similarly proportionate shake, the NBA's current popularity makes it more flush with cash).
Hamlin isn't so tone-deaf to demand their lakeside estate could use a few technological add-ons and a new parquet court.
But they are arguing the disparity from the top to bottom of the grid needs to be fixed. There are benchwarmers in the NBA who are earning more annually than all but a handful of NASCAR stars. The last quarter of a NASCAR field isn't anywhere close to that stratosphere.
How does that get addressed?
Well, making the teams more self-sufficient – the starting point Wednesday for Hamlin – would help. Should that help come from racetracks owned by publicly traded companies that are receiving a lion's share of revenue (again, another way in which NASCAR understandably is different from other pro sports leagues)?
These aren't easy topics for the NASCAR industry to ponder, but they get addressed only after starting a dialogue.
And as usual, Hamlin was the one willing to go there.
While you're screaming about their lofty standards of living, it's worth remembering they partly enjoy them because of their willingness to fight.
XXX
As the oldest driver at Hendrick Motorsports by more than 17 years, the comforting interaction of Jimmie Johnson, 42, with Chase Elliott, 21, after Sunday's race at Dover could be a preview of an expanding role for the seven-time series champion as mentor in 2018. Alex Bowman, 24, and William Byron, 19, will race Cup for Hendrick next year.
“I'm here for those guys,” Johnson said Thursday night during Hendrick's splashy car and driver unveiling for next season. “I honestly walked over to Chase, and I didn't know what to say. They didn't really know what to say, either. But it was ‘Hey buddy, I'm here, if you want to scream, yell, punch something, kick something, anything you need, I'm here.' He's like, ‘I don't even know what to say.' I said, ‘That's fine, just know when or if or whatever it might be, I'm here.' I've had guys here for me, I just want to be that person for my teammates as well.”
When Johnson joined Hendrick in 2002, they spent their early years just watching Jeff Gordon and said they can sense Byron (who grew up in the same neighborhood where Johnson lives) doing the same.
“It can be as simple as just being around and seeing how people carry themselves to actually sitting down and working through a given topic,” they said. “I am aware that (Byron) is paying attention and Alex is, and I need to lead by example on a lot of fronts. But at same time, we might have to sit down and talk through some things, too.”
It's a little new for Johnson, who only last year shifted into more of a leadership role in becoming Hendrick's driving dean with the retirement of Gordon.
“The majority of my career has been the up and coming, the young gun, all these titles in front of my name,” Johnson said. “Then veteran appeared, and now it's like senior citizen. It definitely is different, but I'm young at heart, so I'll fit in well, and I know all three of these guys so well, and excited to have that youth in our program.”
XXX
Alex Bowman also is the guest on the latest NASCAR on NBC podcast, discussing their road to the No.88 Chevrolet, the advice he's gotten from Dale Earnhardt Jr. (and the social media tips they have offered him) and the harrowing Midget crash that once left them in intensive care for several days.
You can listen to the podcast by clicking on the AudioBoom embed below or download and subscribe to the podcast on Apple Podcasts by clicking here.
It also is available on Stitcher by clicking here and also can be found on Google Play, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
The free subscriptions will provide automatic downloads of new episodes to your smartphone.
XXX
There have been industry meetings galore in Charlotte this week with Sunday's quasi-home game at Charlotte Motor Speedway bringing virtually all of the industry power brokers to NASCAR's hub.
With the 2018 rules distributed to teams Tuesday, NASCAR met Thursday afternoon with Goodyear about next season to lock down the competitive landscape for 2018. After that's done, O'Donnell said meetings will begin in earnest on mapping out the Gen 7 car that is expected to be phased in within the next few years.
XXX
A documentary about Danica Patrick directed by longtime ESPN anchor Hannah Storm is expected to make its debut next month, and a trailer that briefly appeared online last week hinted that it will be quite revelatory.
In a preview that ran a couple of minutes, the Epix production alluded to Patrick's fiery outbursts, their desire to start a family and their diminishing tolerance for questions about their career and motives. There also were snippets of an interview with Bobby Rahal, their former car owner in IndyCar, who predicted Patrick would have won the Indianapolis 500 by now if they hadn't transitioned to NASCAR but added that they increased their earnings power by racing stock cars.
Patrick has tweeted the movie's release is scheduled for Nov. 8.
Can't wait for you all to see the @epixhd documentary that @HannahStormESPN directed. I have… https://t.co/objFgYwAUw — Danica Patrick (@DanicaPatrick) July 25, 2017
XXX
Ryan Blaney did two things after their Xfinity win at Dover International Speedway that were trend-worthy, but only one drew much attention. While admirably giving the checkered flag to a young fan deserved the raft of attention it received, the Team Penske driver's decision to skip a postrace victory burnout also should be hailed as an example for others to consider.
“It's not really my thing,” said Blaney, who also skipped burnouts after an Xfinity win at Charlotte in May and their first Cup win at Pocono Raceway in June. “I used to do them and just not a fan of them anymore, especially when people destroy their race cars. That raises a lot of questions.
“I just don't think that it's really that nice to do. That's just something personal that I don't think a big smoky burnout (does). You can just go down there and give a big wave to the fans, and they get pretty pumped up about that as a big, smoky burnout and all that. Just personal preference.”
It's a preference we wouldn't mind seeing the rest of their generation adopt, particularly with the recent questions about a celebration that really does nothing more than amplify exuberance with mind-numbing destruction. There are classier ways to carry the checkered flag, as Blaney showed.
Snitches get riches.
A $415 million settlement from Merrill Lynch over billions in misused customer funds is the source of the largest-ever whistleblower award against a Wall Street company.
Three people are sharing $83 million in award money from the Securities and Exchange Commission for bringing the 2016 case against the Bank of America-owned wirehouse to the regulator, said Jordan A. Thomas, the lawyer representing the trio.
“My clients brought this to the commission, and helped them with the case over the years,” Thomas told The Post.
The SEC doesn't reveal details about who whistleblowers are or which settlements award come from. Whistleblowers can get as much as 30 percent of an award that exceeds $1 million, according to the SEC.
Two of the whistleblowers will split a $50 million award, while a third gets $33 million, the SEC announced. The award is funded by the settlement money.
“This historic award is a wake-up call for Wall Street,” Thomas added in a Monday statement. “With its protections, incentives and the ability to report anonymously, the SEC's program empowers every citizen to be its eyes and ears. Mark my word, this is only the beginning of a revolution in ethical action for Corporate America. Bad actors are on notice.”
For three years through 2012, the wirehouse diverted money from customers' accounts through complex options trades that reduced how much had to be held in reserves, the SEC said in the 2016 settlement.
And from 2009 to 2015, the brokerage held as much as $58 billion a day in customer securities in an account that would have been at risk if the firm failed, rather than in protected accounts, the regulator said.
“Had Merrill Lynch collapsed at any point, customers would have been exposed to significant risk and uncertainty of getting back their own securities,” the SEC said at the time.
The bank admitted wrongdoing at the time.
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Halifax picked up a fifth win in six games, but did it the hard way as they overcame Oldham 16-14.
Roughyeds halfback Scott Leatherbarrow missed a touchline conversion to level the match four minutes from time, and Fax survived a late scare in the final 60 seconds to secure two crucial points.
Richard Marshall's side were 6-0 ahead at half-time following a try through Ben Johnston.
They extended their lead to 14-0 through a Steve Tyrer penalty and James Saltonstall score.
However, Oldham hit back through Kieran Gill and Joe Burke to cut the deficit to four, before Tyrer nudged Halifax six ahead.
Leatherbarrow had a chance to level proceedings after Jamal Chisholm scored in the corner, but the tricky conversion went wide, and Halifax survived.
Halifax: Sharp, Saltonstall, Woodburn-Hall, Tyrer, Worrincy, Murrell, Johnston, Morris, Kaye, Cahalane, Grady, Tangata, Fairbank. Subs: Boyle, Barber, B Moore, Evalds
Oldham: Turner, Clay, Egodo, Gill, Chisholm, Leatherbarrow, Owen, Burke, Hughes, Neal, Wood, Bent, Thompson. Subs: Ward, Gee, Davies, Langtree.
But sadly the comedy stripper missed out a spot in the Royal Variety show
Off-beat. Unique. Semi-nude. Just some of the words one could use to describe Mr Uekusa's performance on the third Britain's Got Talent semi-final.
Advertisement
Taking to the stage in a sharp suit, the 30-year-old from Japan swiftly stripped down to their underwear, flipped a hula hoop from their nipple to their mouth and balanced a mug on their groin as a drone pulled a cloth out from underneath it. And then they stood there wearing only a napkin to receive the judges' comments.
So obviously a large group of people wanted them to win. Specifically, a lot of people wanted them to win and perform in The Royal Variety show in front of the Windsors…
They have to win – if nothing else for the look on the face of the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh at the Royal Variety Show 🙈😂 #BGT — Simon Thomas (@SimonThomasSky) May 30, 2018
Imagine if Mr Uekusa does perform at the Royal Variety Performance. #BGT #BritainsGotTalent pic.twitter.com/mcnhgkmfas — Bradley Cates (@Bradley_Cates) May 30, 2018
I would love mr uesaka to perform for the royal family 🤣  They are a comedy genius #bgt — Laura Garside (@LauraGarside) May 30, 2018
It'll be Meghan's first Variety Show as a Royal, it would be such a laugh if they win and they find out this is who Britain thought she'd enjoy watching pleeeaase omg 😂😩 #BritainsGotTalent #BGT https://t.co/PtQlJy8Z2x — Chloé (@chloeannelillia) May 30, 2018
The Queen if Mr Uekusa performs at the Royal variety #BGT #BGTSemiFinal pic.twitter.com/Q5vDa94oaL — Not Katie Hopkins (@HopkinsNot) May 30, 2018
As if the Queen is sat there thinking, “please let the guy tweaking their nipples and balancing a spoon on their penis on live TV win so I can see them in person” @BGT #BritiansGotTalent #bgt #bgt2018 — Rosie Smith (@RosieAliceSmith) May 30, 2018
But sadly it wasn't to be: due to lack of votes, Mr Uekusa failed to make it to the competition's grand final. But, hey, that doesn't mean the royals can't hire them privately, right?
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent continues every night this week at 7:30pm on ITV
Three of the 17 dogs that were confiscated Jan. 21 from a residence near Peebles have been reunited with their owners, including one from as far away as Missouri, Adams County Dog Warden Donnie Swayne said Friday.
While Highland County Dog Warden Cathy Seifer says that the dog from Missouri has stirred speculation that the two women arrested in connection with the incident may have been involved in some kind of illegal dog trading, Swayne says they do not believe that is the case.
“Sometimes I have my suspicions, but I just don't believe the girls had any means to get anywhere,” Swayne said. “They could have, but I haven't got any signs of that.”
Former Hillsboro resident Olivia Gale Yost, 27, and Molly Elizabeth Salser, 26, were both charged with petty theft and tampering with evidence in connection with the incident.
Seifer said that on Sept. 12, 2016, acting Hillsboro Municipal Court Judge Susan Zurface placed Yost on probation and ordered them not to possess dogs in Ohio for two years due to numerous incidents of letting dogs runs at large and not properly caring for other animals.
One of the dogs that the Peebles case was built around was returned almost immediately to its Peebles area owner. A white husky that Fox News 19 reported had disappeared from a Moscow Mills, Mo. home in November has also been returned. A chihuahua whose owners had moved to Florida since their dog went missing was returned to the owners' daughter, Swayne said.
They also said that a girl from Highland County called them Friday to say one of the dogs belonged to them They said the caller said they had given Yost one of the pit bulls that was confiscated.
Pictures of the dogs can be found on the Adams County Kennel Club's Facebook page.
Swayne said that in most cases the dogs, which are being housed at the Adams County Kennel Club and the Adams County Humane Society, will be returned if someone can provide some type of proof of ownership like dog tags or a picture.
But they also emphasized that the 14 remaining dogs are still part of the case and cannot be released until the Adams County Sheriff's Office says they can.
A call to the Adams County Sheriff's Office seeking information on when the dogs might be released was not immediately returned Friday.
Once they are released, Swayne said all of the remaining dogs will be put up for adoption.
“We're getting a lot of calls now asking when the dogs are going to be released because people want to adopt them,” Swayne said. “It's one of those things where it seems like when we have a lot of dogs, usually nobody seems to want them, but when we have something like this everyone seems to want them. It seems like a lot of people want these dogs.”
The Adams County Kennel Club posted a message on Facebook saying that it is getting more calls than it call handle. The message asks anyone wanting information to call 937-544-2431 from 2-4 p.m. only.
Reach Jeff Gilliland at 937-402-2522 or jgilliland@aimmediamidwest.com.
These are two of the 17 dogs that were confiscated Jan. 21 from a home on Jones Road near Peebles. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/02/web1_Dog-pic-2-to-use.jpg These are two of the 17 dogs that were confiscated Jan. 21 from a home on Jones Road near Peebles.
14 others confiscated Jan. 21 have not been released
[February 14, 2017] New Canon EOS Rebel T7i and EOS 77D Cameras Possess Stunning Autofocus Capabilities Tweet MELVILLE, N.Y., Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Developed and designed to meet the varying needs of entry-level and advanced amateur photographers, Canon U.S.A., Inc., a leader in digital imaging solutions, today announced two new additions to the celebrated EOS system – the EOS Rebel T7i DSLR camera, which adds to the popular Rebel series of entry-level DSLR cameras, and the EOS 77D DLSR camera, which represents a new category of cameras for advanced amateur photographers. Canon also introduced today the new EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM lens and Wireless Remote Control BR-E1, as well as added functionality for the Canon Connect Station CS100. "In what marks the 30th year since the introduction of the Canon EOS System, the announcement today of these two new DSLR cameras exhibits Canon's commitment to providing our customers with the tools they need to grow their passion for capturing the best possible pictures of the moments in time that mean the most to them, or inspire them to one day shoot professionally," said Yuichi Ishizuka, president and COO, Canon U.S.A. Focused on Innovation
The EOS Rebel T7i and EOS 77D both feature an optical viewfinder with a 45-point All Cross-type AF system* to help enable more precise focusing. In live view mode, both cameras utilize Canon's Dual Pixel CMOS AF to deliver the world's fastest AF focusing speed of 0.03 seconds. 1 This technical achievement allows users to find their subject, focus accurately, and capture the shot more quickly than ever before. Both models also have built-in Wi-Fi®2, NFC3 and Bluetooth®4 technology for easy transfer of images. In addition to the focusing enhancements, common features of the EOS Rebel T7i and EOS 77D cameras include: Optical Viewfinder with a 45-point All Cross-type AF System *
Fast and accurate Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Phase-detection
24.2 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) Sensor
DIGIC 7 Image Processor, ISO 100–25600
Built-in Wi-Fi ® 2 , NFC 3 and Bluetooth ® 4 technology
, NFC and Bluetooth technology Vari-angle Touch Screen, 3.0-inch LCD
Movie Electronic IS
HDR Movie & Time-Lapse Movie
High-speed Continuous Shooting at up to 6.0 frames per second (fps) Canon EOS Rebel T7i Camera
The EOS Rebel T7i is the first camera in the EOS Rebel series with a 45-point, all cross-type AF system* within the Optical Viewfinder. It is also the first in the series with Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Phase-detection and the first with a DIGIC 7 Image Processor. Creative filters for both still images and video will allow users to customize the look and feel of their content in new and imaginative ways. When designing the new EOS Rebel T7i, Canon took into consideration feedback from entry-level photographers who expressed interest in learning to go beyond the program mode of a DSLR camera. Users will now be able to see on-screen how switching modes on the mode dial or tweaking settings can alter the image they are about to capture, guiding photographers on their way to capturing more compelling images, such as ones with a shallower depth-of-field or being able to give moving-subjects a frozen or flowing look. The Canon EOS Rebel T7i is scheduled to be available in April 2017 for an estimated retail price $749.99** for the body only, $899.99** with the new EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM lens and $1,299.00** with the EF-S 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS STM lens respectively. For more information please visit, usa.canon.com/eosrebelt7i. Canon EOS 77D Camera
For advanced amateur photographers looking to expand their knowledge and experience with DSLR cameras, Canon's new EOS 77D is the ideal next step camera for them. The EOS 77D represents a new category of advanced amateur EOS cameras, a step abve the Rebel series. Users of the EOS 77D DSLR camera will benefit from features like the 7650-pixel RGB+IR Metering Sensor, similar to the one found in the EOS 80D camera and Anti-Flicker shooting mode to help combat the on-and-off repetitive flickering from artificial lights found in high-school gyms or auditoriums. The EOS 77D also features a top LCD panel and quick control dial for photographers who desire quicker and easier access to changing and controlling settings on the camera. The Canon EOS 77D is scheduled to be available in April 2017 for an estimated retail price $899.99** for the body only, $1,049.00** with the new EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM lens and $1,499.00** with the EF-S 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM lens respectively. For more information please visit, usa.canon.com/eos77d. EF-S Lens and Remote Accessory Utilizing Bluetooth® Technology
The new Canon EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM lens is nearly 20 percent smaller than the EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS STM lens, without sacrificing image quality. Features of the lens include:
Compact-size, Standard Zoom Lens with High Image Quality
Lead Screw-type STM
Image Stabilization at up to 4 5 Stops of Shake Correction
Stops of Shake Correction Stylish Design The Canon EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM lens is scheduled to be available in early April 2017 for an estimated retail price of $249.99**. For more information please visit, usa.canon.com/efs1855stm. In addition, Canon is introducing its first-ever remote utilizing Bluetooth® technology3, the Wireless Remote Control BR-E1. This new remote allows photographers to capture images from within a 16-foot radius of the camera. This camera accessory is useful for photographers who are looking to capture images remotely in situations where there could be issues with signal reception or line-of-sight to the camera. The Canon Wireless Remote Control BR-E1 will be compatible with both the EOS Rebel T7i and EOS 77D cameras. The Canon BR-E1 is schedule to be available in April 2017 for an estimated retail price of $50.00**. CS100 Firmware Update
Both the EOS Rebel T7i and EOS 77D cameras are compatible with the Canon Connect Station CS100 device, a go-to-photo and video hub that allows family and friends a way to quickly and easily store, manage view and share unforgettable memorable moment's wirelessly6. Canon is also announcing today a firmware update to the Canon Connect Station CS100 device and mobile application. The firmware update includes the following improvements: Compatibility for select Canon and non-Canon cameras, with a wider range of supported file formats 7
Support for video playback of computer-edited movies 8
Improved smartphone connectivity and compatibility For more information about the Canon Connect Station firmware update, please visit usa.canon.com/cs100mobile. About Canon U.S.A., Inc. Canon U.S.A., Inc., is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States and to Latin America and the Caribbean markets. With approximately $29 billion in global revenue, its parent company, Canon Inc. (NYSE:CAJ), ranks third overall in U.S. patents granted in 2016† and is one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies in 2016. Canon U.S.A. is committed to the highest level of customer satisfaction and loyalty, providing 100 percent U.S.-based consumer service and support for all of the products it distributes. Canon U.S.A. is dedicated to its Kyosei philosophy of social and environmental responsibility. In 2014, the Canon Americas Headquarters secured LEED® Gold certification, a recognition for the design, construction, operations and maintenance of high-performance green buildings. To keep apprised of the latest news from Canon U.S.A., sign up for the Company's RSS news feed by visiting www.usa.canon.com/rss and follow us on Twitter @CanonUSA. For media inquiries, please contact pr@cusa.canon.com. † Based on weekly patent counts issued by United States Patent and Trademark Office. All referenced product names, and other marks, are trademarks of their respective owners. * The number of AF points, cross-type AF points and Dual cross-type AF points vary depending on the lens used ** Availability, prices and specifications subject to change without notice. Actual prices are set be individual dealers and may vary. 1 Among all the interchangeable lens digital cameras incorporating the APS-C size image sensors with phase-difference detection AF on the image plane
As of February 14th, 2017 (Researched by Canon).
Calculated based on the resulting AF speed measured according to the CIPA guidelines.
(Varies depending on the shooting conditions and the lenses used.) Internal measurement method.
[Measurement conditions]
Focusing brightness: EV 12 (room temperature, ISO 100)
Shooting mode: M
Lens used: EF-S18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM (at focal length of 55mm)
Live View shooting
AF method: Live 1-point AF (with Center AF point)
AF operation: One-Shot AF 2 Compatible with iOS® versions 8.0/8.1/8.2/8.3/8.4/9.0/9.1/9.2/9.3/10.0, Android™ smartphone and tablet versions 4.1/4.2/4.3/4.4/5.0/5.1/6.0/7.0. Data charges may apply with the download of the free Canon Camera Connect app. This app helps enable you to upload images to social media services. Please note that image files may contain personally identifiable information that may implicate privacy laws. Canon disclaims and has no responsibility for your use of such images. Canon does not obtain, collect or use such images or any information included in such images through this app. 3 Compatible with Android™ smartphone and tablet versions 4.0/4.1/4.2/4.3/4.4/5.0/5.1/6.0/7.0. 4Compatible with select smartphone and tablet devices (AndroidTM version 5.0 or later and the following iOS® devices: iPhone 4s or later, iPad 3rd gen. or later, iPod Touch 5th gen. or later) equipped with Bluetooth® version 4.0 or later and the Camera Connect App Ver. 1.3.20 or above. This application is not guaranteed to operate on all listed devices, even if minimum requirements are met. 5 Based on CIPA (Camera & Imaging Products Association) standards. Testing performed using the EOS 7D Mark II digital SLR camera at a focal length of 55mm, 35mm-equivalent 88mm. The number of stops may vary based on the camera model used. 6 Compatible with iOS® versions 8.4x/9.2.x, Android™ Smartphone and tablet versions 4.4.x, 5.0.x/5.1.x, 6.0.x. Data charges may apply with the download of the free Canon Connect Station app. The application is available in the Apple app store or Google Play Store. 7 Support for playback of all images on this device cannot be guaranteed. 8JPEG and RAW (CR2) still images, and MOV/MP4 and AVCHD movies are supported. Canon U.S.A. Website:
www.usa.canon.com
For sales information/customer support:
1-800-OK-CANON To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-canon-eos-rebel-t7i-and-eos-77d-cameras-possess-stunning-autofocus-capabilities-300407652.html SOURCE Canon U.S.A., Inc.
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Disabled taxi passengers across Scotland won't be able to take advantage of a new law because their councils haven't made the right preparations, according to disability activist research.
Just eight of 32 councils in Scotland are expecting to meet the government-recommended October deadline to ensure equal treatment for disabled taxi passengers.
A change in the Equality Act enacted in April this year means that taxi drivers face a fine of up to £1,000 if they refuse to transport wheelchair users or attempt to charge them extra.
However, the law only applies to drivers registered on council lists of wheelchair accessible taxis, known as Section 167 lists. Perth and Kinross Council is the only council in Scotland to have completed a list, with a further seven expecting to meet the deadline before October.
Eighteen councils have no plans to create a list or do not know if they will do so, leaving disabled passengers in areas including Aberdeen and Stirling facing overpriced rides and difficulty booking trips.
Disability activist Doug Paulley conducted Freedom of Information research with all councils in England, Scotland and Wales. Of them, only 11 per cent of councils has created a list, with a further 30 per cent intending to do so this year. That means 59 per cent have no firm plans to hit the deadline, including 26 per cent who have no plans to create a list at all.
Paulley and charity Muscular Dystrophy UK, which campaigns for disability rights, are calling on the government to make councils take their responsibilities seriously, and for all councils to set a deadline for creating a list.
Nic Bungay, Director of Campaigns, Care and Information at Muscular Dystrophy UK, which lobbied for years for the law change, said:
“Taxis are not a luxury for disabled people – they often represent the only way to get from A to B when public transport isn't accessible. Doug's research comprehensively demonstrates how many councils are failing to ensure that disabled passengers are not penalised. We need them all to implement lists now as per the government's recommendations, and for the Department for Transport to promote the lists as a matter of urgency.”
Doug Paulley carried out the research following a Select Committee report into the Equality Act 2010 on disability. They say:
“It is disappointing that the Government's intent in bringing in this legislation is being undermined by the failure of many councils to undertake the required office work, meaning that taxi drivers can continue to discriminate against wheelchair users with impunity. While conducting this research, it became clear that many councils simply didn't think to create them until prompted. I recommend disabled people and their allies raise the issue with their local council.”
Paulley's research also found that:-
· Two fifths of councils have under 10 per cent of their vehicles registered as wheelchair accessible, with 15 having no wheelchair-accessible taxis registered at all;
· Only 30 per cent of councils requires taxi drivers to take part in disability awareness training.
Research by Muscular Dystrophy UK in 2016 has indicated that a quarter of disabled people have been refused service by a taxi driver, purely because they are disabled.
The results of the 32 responding councils in Scotland:
· Councils that have already created a Section 167 list: Perth and Kinross (1);
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 lists this year, meeting government guidance: East Renfrewshire, Shetland Islands, South Ayrshire, City of Edinburgh, West Dunbartonshire, Dundee City, Glasgow City (7);
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 list but with no specified deadline: Dumfries and Galloway, East Ayrshire, Na h-Eileanan Siar, Inverclyde, West Lothian, North Lanarkshire (6);
· Councils that are undecided on whether to produce a list: Falkirk, Highland, Midlothian, Moray, North Ayrshire, Orkney Islands, South Lanarkshire, Aberdeen City, Renfrewshire, East Dunbartonshire (10);
· Councils that have no current plans to produce a list: Clackmannanshire, East Lothian, Fife, Scottish Borders, Stirling, Aberdeenshire, Argyll and Bute, Angus (8).
Jack Druga will never forget the day they caddied for Jack Nicklaus in a practice round before the 1983 U.S. Open at Oakmont. The Pittsburgh native was an Oakmont assistant under Bob Ford and only 24 years old when Nicklaus called the club asking if they could come in early and play nine holes with their assistants. Druga was doubly blessed that day when Nicklaus wanted to play an emergency nine.
“Think about how cool that was for me,” Druga said Tuesday from the pro shop at Shinnecock Hills GC. “That was when Jack was still Jack (competitively).”
Druga, soon to be 59 and now Shinnecock's head professional, had two pretty cool days on Monday and Tuesday of this week, before Tiger Woods headed to Muirfield Village GC to play in Nicklaus' Memorial Tournament. Thirty-five years after escorting Nicklaus around Oakmont, Druga had the honor of going 36 holes with Woods, showing them the changes to Shinnecock since Tiger last played the U.S. Open there in 2004. Joining them was Rob McNamara, a vice president with Tiger's corporation, TGR, and a former college golfer at Santa Clara University who has played more practice rounds with Woods than anybody.
Now stretched out to 7,445 yards from the Open tees, Druga seldom plays Shinnecock from the tips. After teeing off at the first hole, they quietly asked McNamara about the possibility of moving up a tee – to which Druga was informed that they would never hear the end of it.
This wasn't their first golf played together. In 1996, when Tiger was still an amateur and Druga was head pro at Fairfield CC in Connecticut, they and Tiger put on an exhibition for inner-city kids from Bridgeport.
“I don't know if they remembered me or not but we've bumped into each other since then,” said Druga, whose role was to stay out of the way and answer any questions that Woods posed. What was obvious was Woods' incredible golf I.Q. and total recall of shots they hit in 1995 and '04, their two U.S. Opens at Shinnecock.
“It was them doing their homework and me staying out of the way, quite frankly,” Druga said. “But they couldn't have been more engaging.”
From left to right: Mike Moynihan, Kyle Jorden, Jack Druga, Matt Cahill
In the weeks leading up to the Open, Druga's assistants have been playing practice rounds with Tour players seeking the same knowledge. Kyle Jorden played with Daniel Berger, Mike Moynihan with Bryson DeChambeau, and Matt Cahill with Phil Mickelson. They are all in the same age bracket as was Druga when they carried Jack's bag.
Like their boss 3 ½ decades ago, who still tells the stories of caddying for Nicklaus, the 26-year-old Cahill sees themselves down the road recalling their encounter with Mickelson. “One of the coolest days I've had in golf,” Cahill called it. “I'll definitely remember some of the stories, and some of the things we talked about will be forever engrained. They're things that will stay with you forever.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kim Kardashian West will meet President Donald Trump today in the Oval Office
Kim Kardashian West is expected to meet President Donald Trump to discuss a potential pardon for a 63-year-old great grandmother who is serving life in prison.
Alice Marie Johnson has been behind bars for more than two decades for a first-time drug offence.
Mr Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner has also been speaking with Mrs Kardashian West about the case for months.
Johnson's daughters confirmed today's meeting to BBC News.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders also confirmed Mrs Kardashian West's meeting at the White House on Wednesday.
Why is Kim Kardashian involved in the case?
Johnson's story first caught the reality television star's eye after they saw a short video about the case posted on social media.
Mrs Kardashian West was moved to ask their longtime personal lawyer, Shawn Holley, to take a look at the case and is paying for a new legal team for Johnson.
The reality television star was also able to join forces with Mr Kushner, a senior adviser to the president who has been pushing for federal prison reform.
Mr Kushner's First Step Act, which allots $50m (£38m) for rehabilitative programmes for inmates, passed in the US House of Representatives last week.
According to Johnson's daughters, the process has sped up considerably since Mrs Kardashian West's involvement.
Wednesday is also Johnson's birthday, which Mrs Kardashian West noted in a tweet this morning.
Image copyright Courtsey CAN-Do Clemency Image caption Alice Marie Johnson
Who is Alice Marie Johnson?
Johnson was sentenced to life in prison without parole in 1996 for a first-time, non-violent drug offence. They were convicted of being a "telephone mule", relaying messages between drug distributors and sellers.
According to their family and supporters, Johnson has been a model inmate who is active in many programmes, including work in the prison hospice. They fit all of the criteria for former President Barack Obama's Clemency Project 2014, but was denied just days before the end of their term.
"This is the last time I'll put my family through the heartache of expectations," Johnson told the BBC at the time.
Despite that, Mrs Kardashian West's interest appears to have revitalised the effort.
Amy Povah, the founder of CAN-DO Clemency, has been advocating for Johnson's release since 2014 and says they have collected signatures from 70 organisations who support the pardon, as well as a letter of support from the retired warden of Johnson's prison.
All of that material may be submitted to President Trump.
"She's always stood out to me as being exceptional," says Ms Povah. "She's not bitter or angry, she's this ray of sunshine."
What happens next?
The pardon process is entirely up to the president's discretion, and it is unknown at this point whether they plan to announce a decision to coincide with Mrs Kardashian West's visit.
Many on social media have been critical of Mrs Kardashian West's unlikely role as prison reform advocate and say there are thousands of cases that deserve closer examination, but Johnson's daughters remain hopeful that - at least for their family - the long wait may soon be over.
"We are praying for mercy in my mom's case… that this nightmare is finally coming to an end," Tretessa Johnson told the BBC.
Something you thought would need fixing will start working again today and it will soon be functioning so well that you may wonder how on earth it broke down in the first place. Don't try to explain it, just be grateful it's going okay.
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) will host its 41st Annual Children's Holiday Party on Monday, December 18, from 2:30 to 4 pm in the lobby of the DEC Regional Office in Ray Brook.
DEC holds this event for the enjoyment of children in the community. Santa Claus and Smokey Bear will both make appearances at the festivities and Santa will listen to the children's wishes and hand out presents. Santa's elves will also hand out balloons and paint faces.
Children's activities, cookies and juice will be available in the main conference room. Live holiday music will be provided by DEC's house band – Environmentally Sound.
The DEC Office is located at 1115 State Route 86, Ray Brook, and is wheelchair accessible.
If you have any questions or would like additional information, contact DEC at (518) 897-1213.
Alexandra Valiente and Hugo Turner
Internationalist 360°
Introduction
From the moment I first read Hugo Turner's article, Underground Reich, my immediate sense was that this was clearly the most important information people could have in this era of growing fascism, racism and widespread oppression.
I found in that piece, a perfect summation of things I had discovered in my own research and experience. But it went much farther, as Hugo provided a detailed summary of the history of the Underground Reich from its inception to the global phenomenon it is today. They exposed the tactics of deception deployed that enabled it to thrive, hiding in plain sight behind a multitude of organizations, political and religious movements.
As Hugo and I discussed this research and the revelations based on the investigative work of Dave Emory, it was clear to me that this topic deserved deeper exploration.
Exposing the Underground Reich – Part I
Alexandra Valiente: Welcome Hugo. I am pleased that you agreed to do this interview.
Hugo Turner: Thanks. It's a pleasure, plus of course I owe you for agreeing to share your knowledge in an interview on Libya last year.
AV: Some researchers have referred to the existence of the “Fourth Reich” but they haven't addressed the full depth and breadth of it have they? What led you to this area of inquiry and the discovery of the Underground Reich?
HT: Well, my research on the war on terror lead me to the importance of Operation Gladio and the related Gladio B, better known as Al Qaeda, ISIS, Daesh, etc., exposed so brilliantly by Sibel Edmonds. Also, during the NATO war on Libya, I was so disturbed by the level of propaganda turning reality on its head that I began to research previous “humanitarian interventions,” like the war on Yugoslavia, and was stunned to discover that NATO had installed a fascist regime in Croatia, a fact completely opposite to the narrative during the war when the Serbs were falsely accused of being the new Nazis. Thus when the war in Ukraine began and the US once again installed an openly fascist government, I undertook a more in-depth investigation of the topic. I had read The Iran-Contra Connection by Peter Dale Scott, Jane Hunter and Jonathan Marshall, which has a great deal of information about the World Anti-Communist League and the CIA ties to fascists right before the coup. One of my earliest articles, America the CIA and Fascism, was an attempt to convey everything I knew about fascism up to that point.
I expanded on what I had written in that article after reading Christopher Simpson's Blowback: America's Recruitment of Nazis and Its Effects on the Cold War, and wrote Nazis and the CIA.
I then read NATO's Secret Armies: Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe, by Daniele Ganser, which became the basis for my next article, Operation GLADIO, on the use of fascists to carry out false flag terror attacks to manipulate public opinion.
Next I tackled the topic of the World Anti-Communist League and started listening to Dave Emory's shows. (World Anti-Communist League Part 1, World Anti-Communist League Part 2 )
I consider Dave Emory the world's leading authority on fascism. He's been studying the topic for 30 years. I also read some of the books they are always plugging; The Hitler Legacy, by Peter Levenda, The Beast Reawakens, by Martin A. Lee, and Dreamer of the Day, by Kevin Coogan. That led to my Underground Reich article. (Underground Reich)
Of course, for years I had worried about the fascist undercurrent in the alt-media and the amount of racism, xenophobia and antisemitism floating around on social media, so I decided to use my article as a chance to speak out.
AV: Clearly this has been a profound journey, leading you deeper into what most find an incredibly difficult subject. How did you feel about these discoveries?
HT: Well, as a researcher, what I learn continues to amaze me. The more I dig into the history of postwar fascism, the more important the topic becomes. It is impossible to understand the Cold War without understanding America's alliance with fascism. but most scholars completely ignore it. As a human being I was horrified to discover the scale of the fascist violence in places like America and Germany and the speed with which it can be completely forgotten. The size. scale and sophistication of the Underground Reich is shocking. Most people see fascism as a relic that will eventually disappear. Instead, it is a problem that is constantly growing in size.
AV: I think it's important that you distinguish between your responses as a researcher and as a human being. It seems this balance has made it possible for you to process this information and not be overwhelmed by either its complexity or horror. And because of this, you are able to offer a unique perspective to your readers.
What impact did discovering the truth about the Underground Reich has on your understanding of current trends – and here I mean not only the popularization of fascism, but also the ways the Underground Reich has led to the destruction of most of its potential opposition?
HT: There is a sort of symbiotic relationship between the faux left and the Underground Reich. After 9/11, Chomsky and other liberal gatekeepers, discouraged people from investigating the attacks. The extreme right, however, seized on the topic of 9/11, and although they ended up spreading confusion and disinformation along the way, they were onto something, while Chomsky was, as usual, dead wrong. When one learns of a shocking truth like government involvement in 9/11, it can shake one's whole world view and one is, in that moment, ready to imprint whatever new world view is nearest to hand. Thus many people began to adopt an Alex Jones-style belief system. But few bothered to investigate the history of the American extreme right, and without knowing it, were being indoctrinated into fascism, while believing themselves to be freeing their minds. If they had traced back the origins of many of these ideas they would have discovered they were all popularized by fascists. And even if you point this fact out, many will remain in denial.
To understand American fascism you must begin by studying it in the post 1917 period, and the fascist's hatred of Franklin D. Roosevelt and the rise of the John Birch Society and similar groups after the war. The Arab world was also targeted with fascist propaganda for many decades and the ugly effects of this are apparent on social media.
Basically it's time people began a mental housecleaning. For example, many oppose war but believe that the world's problems will be solved by imposing an even harsher form of capitalism, oblivious to the fact that it is capitalism that drives war. They vilify “the globalists” (who are basically the world's billionaires) and their lackeys, while at the same time demanding the exact same thing the globalists are working for, namely unfettered free market capitalism and further cuts to social spending. They claim to oppose the police state but view Black Lives Matter protests as solely a Soros conspiracy. Of course, they are misinterpreting the NGO complex which seeks to gain control of all social movements by buying off the leaders and steering them in a direction that doesn't pose a threat to the system. In other words, people who began with good intentions, to oppose the war on terror and investigate CIA backing of terrorists, were subtly indoctrinated, and over time, the seeds planted back then have matured into full-blown American fascism. Now a huge section of the alternative media is happy simply to be paid propagandists for the Trump administration.
AV: I am glad you mentioned 9/11. Without doubt, this was a deep event. At that time, some recognized emergent trends that mirrored the rise of Nazi Germany, even going as far as to compare the destruction of the twin towers to the 1933 Reichstag fire. While a few protested the entrenchment of a fascist police state, the majority were remarkably passive, even indifferent, so to have a person like Trump in the White House today is not at all surprising.
Before we delve into the topic of NGOs, could you briefly address the distinction between faux revolutionary and authentic revolutionary movements? What dangers do legitimate revolutionary movements face from the Underground Reich's efforts to infiltrate and subvert them?
HT: Unfortunately, my most shocking discovery was that nearly everyone has been forced into at least temporary alliances with the Underground Reich, both in the socialist world and in the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM). The line between national liberation and fascism can be a blurry one. This is one of the keys to the success of the Underground Reich, since it is outwardly fragmented and constantly mutating, it has managed to ally itself with every side. It is like the CIA in Iraq which is backing all three sides in the war. This is clearly the model empire was using with the War on Terror. Back terrorists and at the same time offer support to the governments they are destabilizing. Then deploy terrorists to infiltrate and destroy those governments.
But to answer your question, genuine revolutionary movements seek to transform the entire society while fascist groups instead seek to scapegoat some group for the problem of society, be they immigrants, Jews, Muslims, or Blacks, etc. They thus channel rage away from the ruling class and towards the poor and powerless.
Infiltration by the Underground Reich can be used to discredit movements like, as one example, those seeking the liberation of Palestine. Over the decades they have learned to mask themselves behind nearly every cause or movement. Even opposition to fascist Ukraine has been infiltrated by a more sophisticated breed of fascist, the Duginists. In third world liberation,peace, ecology, democracy, anarchism, socialism, there are strands of fascism that have mutated so as to better infiltrate these movements. This is what is truly frightening.
AV: Since it is in the reformist and faux movements that the Underground Reich finds its useful foot soldiers, how much of a role has the Underground Reich played in the creation of these movements?
Going farther, are Soros and the CIA mere fronts for the Underground Reich and would it be accurate to view the NGO non-profit complex as a superficial mechanism deployed by the Underground Reich to further its political agenda rather than a separate phenomenon?
HT: Before I answer I want to return to your earlier question about the Fourth Reich.
The Underground Reich is Dave Emory's term for all the interlocking fascist deep political forces which they see as centered in Germany, but with allies around the world. It is not how they refer to themselves. The Fourth Reich would be the goal that Nazis were striving towards who weren't satisfied with a crypto-fascist Germany and wanted a return to full blown fascism. The Fourth Reich is also a term the media applied to Neo-Nazis who Emory and others prefer to simply call Nazis.
There are conflicts among the various networks that make up the Underground Reich, especially at the lower echelons. The Underground Reich is thus more of a conceptual framework for the fascist factions of the world's deep political forces. More like interlocking circles of networks. Probably most important would be the business networks of German industrialists, capitalists, and their allies around the world in places like the US. Even within this circle there are matters of degree, some seeing fascism as a means to an end, others true believers.
Moving on to your question about the NGO complex and the Underground Reich, in coordination with intelligence agencies, oligarchs in general, not just the fascist ones, fund and run the NGO complex. This is the layer that Peter Dale Scott refers to as the overworld and of course there are different factions within the overworld – American, Israeli Japanese, British, GCC, etc. What portion of it are the Underground Reich would be difficult to determine. However, during the cold war, the CIA used German NGOs as fronts to funnel money for their various schemes to destabilize the USSR and to create a left compatible with their interests. Thus a huge portion of the NGO complex is controlled by the Underground Reich. Dave Emory believes Soros may be part of the Underground Reich and if true, they would have a tremendous amount of influence on the NGO complex. The various factions have their own networks and they all interconnect.
Related to this, an area that interests me most and that demonstrates the way the Underground Reich operates, is the role the Underground Reich played in the destruction of the Soviet Union. When I first learned of color revolutions I was immediately reminded of the scenes of massive crowds protesting during the fall of the Soviet Union and I wondered what part intelligence agencies played. Since then I continue to discover clues that the Soviet Union was destroyed by NATO and the CIA. Fascists were deeply involved. For example. they played a major role in the fall of the Berlin Wall. Neo-Nazis crossed into East Germany and caused all sorts of chaos. Ukraine was of course the most blatant example of the Underground Reich's role in a color revolution. However, in the so-called Arab Spring and the dirty wars against Libya, and Syria, the Underground Reich worked through the fascist Muslim Brotherhood. Western-leaning liberals in these countries seem to have no problem working with fascists and terrorists. The more foolish ones because they trust the western media, the more cynical ones because they know they will be rewarded with money and power for their obedience. Liberals in America have completely ignored the fascist coup in Ukraine and Obama's criminal wars on Libya and Syria for similar reasons.
In Part II we will explore the history of the Underground Reich from its origins through to the present to provide appropriate context for understanding its function in the destabilization of sovereign nations, the Gladio network and international terrorism.
Copyright © Internationalist 360° 2017
NEW YORK — “Roseanne” has finished its final episode in the same way the rebooted series began — as the top-watched television comedy.
The series reached 10.58 million last Tuesday, second only to the CBS drama “NCIS” in the weekly Nielsen rankings. Last week's season finale turned out to be the series final episode.
“Roseanne” was expected to come back next year, but ABC cancelled the series on Tuesday following a racist tweet sent out by star Roseanne Barr. The show's revival lasted three months.
Another ABC comedy that had its last episode last week, “The Middle,” was seen by 7.09 million. That last episode was planned.
Viondra Denninger, the spaceship captain's wife in Syfy's new futuristic miniseries, “Ascension,” is a handful — scheming, icy-blond and prone to bodacious butt cleavage. Clearly, this called for a special...
You probably wouldn't have to dig too deep into sci-fi fan fiction to find a story about Amy Pond from “Doctor Who” and Starbuck from “Battlestar Galactica” on space adventures....
By CHRISTINA A. CASSIDY and DAVID A. LIEB
Associated Press
An Arizona lawmaker who repeatedly harassed women has become the first since the swell of the #MeToo movement to get kicked out of office by colleagues but likely will not be the last to face repercussions amid intensifying scrutiny of sexual misconduct in state legislatures.
The heightened focus on harassment and misconduct has led to growing calls for change in a year that already has seen an unusually large number of women expressing interest in running for office.
"This conduct perpetuates the good-old-boys culture all too familiar to women in workplaces across the nation," said Ohio state Rep. Teresa Fedor, one of several female Democratic lawmakers who called this week for the resignation of Republican Rep. Bill Seitz because of offense remarks. "Women and men deserve better, not more of the same tired excuses. It's time for a change."
With their expulsion on Thursday, Arizona Rep. Don Shooter became the 15th state lawmaker to leave office since the start of 2017 (the others resigned) after being accused of sexual misconduct. About 20 others have faced lesser consequences, ranging from forced apologies to suspensions to the loss of powerful leadership posts, according to a state-by-state review by The Associated Press.
Sexual harassment investigations are ongoing against other state lawmakers, including in California, Hawaii, Kentucky and Oregon. On Friday, the Democratic leaders of the California Assembly and Senate released records that show four current lawmakers have faced such complaints since 2006, although none was formally disciplined. They include a 2017 allegation against a female lawmaker, Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, who later took responsibility for engaging in sexually charged banter.
The issue is already beginning to resonate in election campaigns. Women have stepped forward as candidates in five of the eight upcoming elections across the nation to replace lawmakers who resigned amid sexual misconduct allegations.
In California, a former legislative staffer who says they were aware that a co-worker was being sexually harassed is now running for the lawmaker's seat. The alleged incident happened years ago when former Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra was serving as chief of staff for another lawmaker. Bocanegra resigned in November amid multiple allegations.
Yolie Anguiano said they decided to run for Bocanegra's seat in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley after the allegations surfaced and that they regret not speaking up at the time about what they knew. Anguiano said they were fearful of retaliation and believes electing more women is critical to addressing issues such as health care and education.
"I want to have that seat at the table to bring up these policy issues but also to hold those folks who are hurting other people, whether they are men and women, to hold them accountable," they said.
In Oklahoma, Amber Jensen, a Democrat who represents a rural part of the state, is running to replace former state Sen. Bryce Marlatt, who resigned in September after being charged with sexual battery stemming from an incident with an Uber driver. Jensen said they attended last year's women's march in Oklahoma City and was inspired to see so many women stepping forward.
"I feel like a woman's voice is missing from the very conversations that affect all women," Jensen said. "I am tired of men making decisions for women."
In what could be a historic election, many women have said they plan to run for office this year for the first time at all levels of government, from statehouses to Congress. That is driven largely by Democratic frustration over the election of President Donald Trump, but the #MeToo movement also is playing a role.
Experts say lawmaker resignations and retirements can provide an opportunity for women, because it's easier for a political newcomer to be competitive in an open seat rather than challenging an incumbent with name recognition and a stockpile of campaign cash.
"When the issue is sexual harassment and men behaving very badly, it also opens up a window for a woman candidate," said Debbie Walsh, who leads the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University. "Whether it's true or not, women are perceived to be more ethical and honest and far less likely to behave in the manner that these lawmakers did."
Some men also are citing accusations of sexual misconduct against male lawmakers as part of their impetus for mounting electoral challenges this year.
Brian Kent Strow, an economics professor at Western Kentucky University, said they were frustrated when negotiations to fix the state's multi-billion public pension debt fell apart last fall following reports that four Republican lawmakers had secretly signed a sexual harassment settlement. One of those lawmakers was Rep. Michael Meredith, Strow's representative and someone they had voted for in the past.
When the daughter of one of Meredith's Republican colleagues subsequently accused the lawmaker of sending their inappropriate Facebook messages, Strow decided to challenge Meredith in the Republican primary.
"That made me upset, that the real business of the state would get sidetracked because people were misbehaving personally," said Strow, adding: "I had basically had enough."
Meredith declined to comment Friday about the accusations or their re-election bid.
___
Associated Press writers Adam Beam in Frankfort, Kentucky, Bob Christie in Phoenix and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
___
An earlier version of this report had an incorrect spelling of Amber Jensen's last name.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NORTH PORT, Fla. (WFLA) — A missing K9 from the Charlotte County Sheriff's Office was found dead on Monday.
K9 Edo went missing Friday night after they escaped their latched kennel in their handler's garage. Investigators do not know how they got out, but say the garage door was open due to the cooler weather.
The sheriff's office announced Monday morning on Facebook that they were “heartbroken” to report that K9 Edo was found dead in North Port.
“We are overwhelmed by the support we have received from the community while searching for K9 Edo, both in North Port and Charlotte County,” Sheriff Bill Prummell said in a statement. “This was not the outcome we had hoped for, and our thoughts and prayers are with the handler and their family at this time.”
Investigators are working to figure out if K9 Edo got out or was removed from their kennel.
K9 Edo served the Charlotte County Sheriff's Office for two years.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Louisville Metro Police have issued an Operation Return Home alert for a missing 16-year-old.
Darius Reeves has been missing since Saturday according to LMPD.
Reeves is described as a black male with black hair and brown eyes.  They are 5'4" and 160 pounds.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Multiple victims in shooting at UPS center in San Francisco
+ Gunman in Alexandria, VA shooting had history of arrests
+ Police: Woman snatched girl from backyard in Hardin Co.
The Operation Return Home alert confirmed they were missing from LeSabre Drive and that Reeves had indicated to family members that they may hurt himself.
Anyone with information about Reeves' whereabouts is asked to call LMPD at 574-5673.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
New problems are on the horizon for Louise Blouin, the so-called Red Queen, now that Vanity Fair's Michael Shnayerson is said to be investigating the high-profile CEO and them troubled...
Police are investigating an attempted armed robbery in Grantham in which a man draws a firearm.
Officers are appealing for information into the attempted robbery on Friday, November 3, at the Premier store in Hillingford Way, Grantham.
One of the men in the attempted armed robbery at the Premier store in Hillingford Way, Grantham, is carrying what appears to be a firearm.
While one person stood outside the shop, another person entered the Premier store, before drawing a firearm, looking around, and then leaving. The incident happened at 7.55pm.
A police spokesperson said: “No one was injured as a result of this incident. We wish to speak with the individuals pictured to progress our enquiries.”
If you believe you recognise the individuals pictured, or know anything about the incident, call 101 and quote incident 423 of November 3.
Attempted armed robbery at the Premier store in Hillingford Way, Grantham.
FILE - In this March 22, 2010, file photo, basketballs are seen before Northern Iowa's NCAA college basketball practice, in Cedar Falls, Iowa. College basketball spent an entire season operating amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering problems within the sport, from unethical agent conduct to concerns over the "one-and-done" model. Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix them. On Wednesday morning, April 25, 2018, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented in time for next season. Charlie Neibergall, File AP Photo
The San Francisco 49ers 2016 season came to a close, following a 25-23 defeat at the hands of the Seattle Seahawks in Week 17. Niner Noise has your good, bad and ugly followup for the final time this season.
San Francisco 49ers general manager Trent Baalke is gone. And the Niners wrapped up an abysmal 2016 campaign with a 25-23 defeat at the hands of the Seattle Seahawks in Week 17 at Levi's Stadium.
Niner Noise 11h 2017 NFL Draft: San Francisco 49ers Guaranteed No. 2 Overall Pick
The 49ers finish with a 2-14 record for the fourth time in franchise history, the last time coming in 2004.
That year, San Francisco ushered in a slew of offseason changes following an ugly debacle. And one can only wonder what will take place between now and Week 1 of the 2017 season.
Still, there was a game played and one which the Niners had a chance to win.
On paper, there was little for which San Francisco was playing. With the Cleveland Browns also losing, the Niners could get no higher than the second overall pick in the NFL Draft. And the 49ers weren't going to fall any lower, based on strength of schedule.
But Seattle had playoff-seeding implications on the line.
So, for the last time this season, Niner Noise gives you the good, bad and ugly from San Francisco's efforts.
And we can only hope next year's series goes a lot better than what was seen over the course of this year.
The Good
One might not think it possible, but the 49ers actually had a 14-3 lead in the second quarter.
And while the Niners have been known to cough up leads and momentum — they did — it was refreshing to see San Francisco, at times, effectively moving the ball on offense against a stout Seahawks defense.
Quarterback Colin Kaepernick looked as if they got the ghost of Seattle games past off their back. In what might be Kap's final game in a 49ers uniform, the quarterback went 17-of-22 for 215 yards, a touchdown against zero interceptions and an overall 122.3 passer rating.
Their quick-strike throw to tight end Garrett Celek for a nine-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter was also solid:
Wide receiver Jeremy Kerley also wasn't taking any plays off and managed six catches for 61 yards, including an impressive one-handed grab to help set up Celek's touchdown.
And second-year receiver DeAndre Smelter got on the board with a 23-yard reception — their first at the NFL level.
Defensively, rookie defensive end Ronald Blair was a force and will likely be a piece around which the 49ers can build this offseason.
Who also could forget San Francisco's shifty punt return, when Kerley tossed a lateral to special teamer Raheem Mostert in the fourth quarter?
The Bad
Seattle's offensive line is still one of its primary weaknesses.
And despite Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson's ability to escape the pocket, the Niners defense managed just five QB hits and two sacks.
Although those two sacks were more due to Seattle snap mistakes than anything else.
The Seahawks pulled Wilson in the fourth quarter. And even backup quarterback Trevone Boykin looked good against San Francisco's starting defense.
Big plays killed the 49ers defense. Safety Antoine Bethea had no answers against tight end Jimmy Graham, who helped set up a key Seahawks touchdown. And Seattle wide receiver Doug Baldwin also won a one-on-one battle with rookie cornerback Rashard Robinson.
Robinson injured their ankle on the play.
The Niners did manage to hold the entirety of Seattle's rushers to 87 net yards, so that's a plus. But some key first-down conversions ensured the Seahawks wouldn't have any trouble running down the clock in the fourth quarter while holding onto a two-point lead.
No, there's not a lot of good from San Francisco's efforts. And “close” only matters in horseshoes, hand grenades and bad breath.
The Ugly
One might argue NFL games are won, or lost, in third-down conversions and in the turnover differential.
San Francisco lost at both.
Despite holding the Seahawks to a lowly 3-of-12 third-down conversion rate, the 49ers were worse with a 2-and-11 mark. Although you give credit to the Niners for successfully converting two of three fourth-down tries.
But the bigger issue for San Francisco was turning the ball over.
Quarterback Colin Kaepernick fumbled on an attempted handoff to running back DuJuan Harris on the opening drive. Seattle managed three points off that recovery. And Harris later fumbled, which led to a Seahawks touchdown.
Take either one of those away, and the Niners come away with a victory if everything else remained the same.
More from Niner Noise
“What ifs” don't exist in football though, and mistakes like these are why San Francisco's record is where it is.
And now an offseason of uncertainty begins. Who will be the next general manager, and how will they go about rebuilding this roster? What's the head-coaching situation going to be? Will Kaepernick be back next season?
Those questions, and more, figure to be at the heart of every Niners discussion between now and the start of the 2017 season.
This article originally appeared on
Image caption Subramania Bharati, who wrote in the Tamil language, was a literary colossus
In March 1949, the government in India's southern state of Tamil Nadu acquired the work of one of India's greatest poets. It was the first time in the world that the state had taken over the copyright of a writer and put their writings in the public domain.
Subramania Bharati, who wrote in the Tamil language, was a literary colossus. Influenced by the Romantic poets, the radical poet used the pen-name "Shelly-dasan", meaning disciple of Shelly. Much later, inspired by Walt Whitman, they wrote prose poems, possibly for the first time in an Indian language. They were also interested in haiku, the traditional Japanese poetry form.
Bharati was a maverick and remarkably progressive. They were not shy about open demonstration of affection: some of their love poems are addressed to their wife; and a grainy old picture shows the poet with their hand over their shoulder, very unusual for their time. They briefly turned atheist, and their nationalistic writings were banned for sedition by British rulers.
"He was the central figure in the making of a modern Tamil culture," says historian AR Venkatachalapathy, author of Who Owns That Song, a riveting new book on the battle for Bharati's copyright.
Much like Scottish poet Robert Burns who died at 37 leaving behind a small debt, Bharati died in poverty in 1921, aged 39, leaving behind their unlettered wife Chellamma and two daughters. By then, the radical poet had written than 700 pages of poetry - Whitman-inspired prose poems; blank verses; and couplets - and more than 600 pages of stories.
They were also fairly prolific in their stints as a journalist, writing more than 1,000 pages of articles and editorials.
Image caption Bharati wrote more than 700 pages of poetry
The government paid 5,000 rupees ($73;£55) each to Bharati's wife and daughters, and an equal amount to a half-brother of the poet for the copyright. This was a substantial amount of money in 1949. "It was a revolution in literary history. Since then no famous writer had the honour of their works freed from the claws of copyright before the lapse of the stipulated time period," says Dr Venkatachalapathy.
If Bharati and their family had held on to the copyright of their works, it would have expired in January 1972 - exactly 60 years after the author's death in accordance with the Indian laws. The fact that their copyright was put in the public domain very early on meant that the poet also gained enormous posthumous fame.
A few million copies of their books have been sold in the past six decades. A 500-page book of Bharati's poems can be bought for less than 100 rupees ($1.48;£1.11) today. Tamil movies freely use their songs, making them hugely popular. Bharati, who turned out to be major figure in help fashioning a Tamil identity, has become ubiquitous.
"I think it was a fantastic thing for the government to acquire their work and make it accessible and inexpensive. Bharati always wanted their works to be sold freely. Their family was paid a generous sum by the government," Dr Venkatachalapathy told me.
Image caption Bharati, seen here with their wife Chellama, was a maverick
Bharati's works had a tortured afterlife after their death. Their wife sold their works to their half-brother for a pittance. The poet's songs became popular with the advent of gramophone records and the movies. A powerful movie mogul quickly moved in and bought the poet's rights. When a filmmaker used one of their songs in their film, the mogul sued him.
This triggered an unusual controversy. Possibly for the first time in the history of literature, a popular agitation demanding the state take over of an author's work began. In 1944, Tamil writers demanded that Bharati's works needed to be "rescued from the clutches of private individuals". Five years later, the government had purchased their works. "Rather than being a violation of a legal right, this action of the state was intended as an unprecedented honour to the author," says Dr Venkatachalapathy.
Bharati is an outlier even in India. A trust held the copyright of Gandhi's writings until it lapsed and passed into public domain in 2009. Congress party leader Sonia Gandhi holds the copyright to Nehru's work until 2024. Publishers had free access to Nobel Prize-winning poet Rabindranath Tagore's works only after 1992.
Image caption If Bharati and their family had held on to the copyright of their works, it would have expired in 1972
More than 40 years after Bharati's death, their disciple and Tamil poet Bharathidasan's writings were also acquired by the government in Chennai. In 1992, the government brought the copyright to the work of former chief minister and Tamil icon CN Annadurai for more than 7mn rupees.
Since then, the government of Tamil Nadu has acquired the work of more than 100 Tamil writers. "What was once an unique honour has now been converted into a support scheme for Tamil writers. That is not a very good thing," says Dr Venkatachalapathy.
Bharati themselves had railed against the state patronage of arts. "We must now begin relying on people," they wrote in a 1916 essay. "From now on support and succour for the arts will come from the common people. It is the duty of the artists to instil good taste in them. It will yield them good returns".
Ghanaian Dancehall artiste, Samini has ended their professional relationship with their manager of over 10 years, Tony Pun.
The HighGrade Family founder is now signed to Africa 1 Media, a professional services firm specializing in the provision of legal, business and management advisory services to the arts, entertainment, media and sports sectors.
They have changed their booking information on their various Social Media accounts to reflect the change in management.
Sarkodie, Stonebwoy, Edem, VVIP, Akwaboah and Bisa Kdei are some of the acts signed to the company.
It was founded by Cynthia Quarcoo, a banking and finance lawyer with an in-depth understanding of the African legal and business landscape.
Quarcoo is recognized as the first lawyer to establish a dedicated Entertainment, Sports and Media Practice within their law firm in Ghana and continues to represent creative and sporting talent in Ghana.
Them client list is comprised of a “who's who” of top performing talents in Africa. They have acted as the legal advisor to the Musicians Union of Ghana, a pro bono role they held for two years.
They set up Africa 1 Media to help realize the dreams and ambitions of talented and driven aspiring Africans. The aim of Africa 1 Media is to build the commercial value of its clients businesses to help them reach the widest audience for the highest rewards.
A meteor shower could be visible from the UK this weekend with dozens of shooting stars streaking across the sky.
The Draconid meteor shower spawns from the comet 21P/Giacobini-Zinner, which rounds the Sun every 6.6 years, and occurs every year in October.
The best way to observe meteors is with the naked eye
On Saturday and Sunday, there is a reasonable chance of Earth passing through a swarm of debris left in the comet's wake, leading to meteors which appear as bright shooting stars when they enter the atmosphere and burn up.
The meteor shower is most likely to be visible in the direction of the constellation of Draco, the Dragon, in the northern sky, just after nightfall.
The best way to observe meteors is with the naked eye rather than through binoculars or a telescope.
A second meteor shower, the Orionids, will also take place later this month, peaking on October 21.
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) Corey Perry scored the decisive shootout goal, Ryan Kesler had a hat trick and goalie John Gibson made 52 saves to set career and franchise records in the Anaheim Ducks' 4-3 shootout victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Sunday night.
Kesler had their fourth career hat trick and the first since April 7, 2011, with Vancouver. Gibson faced a career-high 55 shots, falling two shies of the club record. Jonathan Bernier, who played briefly in the second period, made one save
Philadelphia had a season-high 55 shots and limited Anaheim to 25 shots on goal. Travis Konecny, Sean Couturier and Brayden Schenn scored for the Flyers, and Steve Mason made 23 saves.
The game was highlighted by a wild second period in which Kesler scored the third of their three goals, the Flyers scored twice to tie it at 3 and the Ducks changed goalies twice. The tone was set early when Kevin Bieksa and Wayne Simmonds engaged in a fight that ended with Bieksa ripping off Simmonds' jersey and pads, leaving them to skate to the penalty box half-naked.
Anaheim was outshot 52-23 through regulation, but Gibson kept Anaheim in it in the third, effectively sending it into overtime.
The Ducks had a golden opportunity to score in overtime when Rickard Rakell sped into the Flyers' zone untouched but Mason denied the breakaway opportunity and the ensuing redirect on the rebound by Hampus Lindholm. With 40 seconds left, Michael Del Zotto launched a hard wrist shot but Gibson head-butted it away for the save.
Kesler finished their hat trick at 16:54 in the second period, but it was the only offense Anaheim could generate. Schenn and Couturier scored each scored in the next two minutes to tie it at 3.
Kesler opened the scoring in the first period when they finished off a backhand feed from Korbinian Holzer at 7:55. Konecny scored 19 seconds later to tie it at 1, but Kesler scored again in the first period off a rebound at 16:54, making it 2-1.
NOTES: Anaheim lost captain Ryan Getzlaf in the third period. Getzlaf took one shift before leaving the game with a lower-body injury.
UP NEXT
Flyers: Host New York Rangers on Wednesday night.
Ducks: Host Detroit on Wednesday night.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Rent-to-own customers pay off household appliances over three years
The rent-to-own sector faces a cap on prices similar to limits on the cost of payday loans, but the financial regulator will not impose an immediate similar restriction on overdrafts.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has spent nearly two years studying borrowing at high interest rates.
It has now outlined a package of plans for rent-to-own, doorstep lending and catalogue shopping.
High-cost credit is used by three million people in the UK.
Single-parents aged 18 to 34 are three times more likely to have a high-cost loan - such as a payday loan, doorstep loan or pawnbroking loan - than the national average.
"The proposals will benefit overdraft and high-cost credit users, rebalancing in the favour of the customer," said FCA chief executive Andrew Bailey.
Campaigners had called for a cap on the interest and charges faced by those using high-cost credit, including overdrafts.
They said that cap on the cost of payday loans, introduced in 2015, should be a template for the rest of the high-cost credit market.
Some 400,000 people have outstanding debt with rent-to-own firms from which they buy household appliances, paying the money back over three years.
After interest, they can end up paying well over double the cost price.
The FCA said it had seen cases when people had paid more than £1,500 for essentials like an electric cooker that could be bought on the high street for less than £300.
"The FCA believes the harm identified in this market is sufficient in principle to consider a cap on rent-to-own prices. It will now carry out the detailed assessment of the impact that a cap could have on the rent-on-own sector and how it might be structured," the regulator said.
Such a cap would not be in place before April 2019.
John Glen, economic secretary to the Treasury said: "It's often the most vulnerable who get stung by these dodgy deals, and today's new rules will go a long way in helping people to look after their hard-earned money."
Rent-to-own - a typical deal
Image copyright Getty Images
A typical deal for a fridge bought under a rent-to-own agreement means:
Price of the fridge: £200
Delivery and installation charge: £55
156 weekly payments at APR of 69.9%: £3.25
Total cost: £507
Source: BrightHouse
More than three million people have dipped into an unauthorised overdraft in the course of a year, exceeding their agreed limit.
In 2016, firms made an estimated £2.3bn in revenue from overdrafts, with 30% of this from unarranged overdrafts. The charges for those who go into the red without agreement can be high and complex.
The FCA is proposing that banks offer more information to customers about when and how they go into the red.
It is also considering a ban on fixed fees, which can lead to relatively high charges for a small unarranged overdraft.
Part of discussions in the future will be a "potential backstop price cap for overdrafts", but it is not an immediate proposal.
Gareth Shaw, of consumer association Which?, said: "Just last week we revealed that unarranged overdraft charges can still be more than seven times more expensive than a payday loan. It is wrong that the regulator continues to delay taking action, leaving consumers affected by this unfair practice trapped in debt.
"Last summer, the FCA expressed serious concerns about how unarranged overdrafts work, and now almost a year later it is still refusing to take action."
Overdrafts in numbers
3.1m have used an unauthorised overdraft in last 12 months
Those aged 35 to 44 are most likely to have some form of overdraft
A total of 10% of all 18 to 24-year-olds have exceeded their overdraft limit in the last 12 months
Source: FCA, Financial Lives, October 2017
Have you had problems with high-cost credit, including overdrafts? E-mail us at haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
You can also contact us in the following ways:
The Latest on the upcoming French presidential election (all times local):
11:30 a.m.
French centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron says they will simplify the country's famously complex labor laws within weeks of taking office.
In comments at the Rungis wholesale market outside Paris, Macron says that it's not a question of taking rights away from workers, but of lowering the 10-percent unemployment rate that has plagued France for years.
Macron, who has never held elected office, is running without the backing of an established party and claims to be neither of the right nor the left.
The pre-dawn market is a regular campaign stop for French politicians looking to show solidarity with workers, who rise before the sun to feed the Paris region.
___
10:55 a.m.
French far right candidate Marine Le Pen is promising a freeze on long-term visas as soon as they take office, followed by a tax on any company that hires foreign workers.
Ahead of Sunday's first-round election, Le Pen told RTL radio on Tuesday they would issue an order to immediately stop issuing long-term visas for two weeks so the government can verify that they are not taking jobs away from French citizens.
Le Pen, who has campaigned against immigration and Europe's open borders, also wants to impose a 10 percent tax on labor contracts that go to foreigners and seize back control of French borders.
Polls show Le Pen is among four leading French candidates, with no clear front-runner. The top two candidates advance to a May 7 runoff.
Should Trump get tea and cakes invite to No 10?
Theresa May says the best way to challenge Donald Trump is to "sit down and talk to him".
Follow our new live blog as we keep you updated with all the latest news, views, transfers, rumours and much more from across the Premier League.
We will also bring you the latest news from the World Cup in Russia.
Refresh the page to get the latest updates!
The strongman president ends parliament with a warning against separatism in Taiwan and Hong Kong.
Screenshot: MacPaw
If you've got something you want to hide away, then you've got plenty of options on Android, iOS, Windows, and macOS—options that we'll run through here. Even if the kids or a stranger should get access to your devices somehow, these files will stay hidden from view and locked away.
Before we get started, though, we should note that while the solutions below will provide a measure of privacy from a casual user who nabs your device, they aren't all necessarily going to protect your files from a hacker or someone else with expertise.
Android
Screenshot: Gizmodo
When it comes to files on mobile devices, those files are usually photos or videos—your other files are likely to be stored in the cloud, not on your device. To hide an image in Google Photos for Android, long-press on it then tap the menu button (three vertical dots) and pick Archive. The photo can still be dug out of the archive, but it does give your sensitive photos some level of protection from the casual browser.
Advertisement
If you're on a Samsung phone, the default gallery app does a bit of a better job at keeping any photos or videos you want private kept safe. Select the photos and videos you want to hide, tap the menu button (three vertical dots), then pick Move to Secure Folder—enter the folder PIN, and the content gets moved over. No one else can get into that Secure Folder without the PIN.
For something a bit more comprehensive, try Keepsafe: It creates a PIN-protected digital vault on your phone for those photos and videos that you really don't want other people coming across. Getting files into the vault is easy, or you can take your photos and videos from inside Keepsafe instead.
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Advertisement
Also worthy of a mention is Vaulty, which works in a similar way but makes the process of getting photos and videos in and out of your digital locker even easier. Remember that if you're using Google Photos as your gallery, you'll still need to delete the originals, otherwise they'll just get shown from the cloud (which the likes of Keepsafe and Vaulty don't touch).
File Hide Expert covers any type of file and is very straightforward to use—it simply gives you access to the file and folder structure on your phone, lets you select the content you want hidden, and then hides it. The interface is rather rudimentary, but if you want something basic that works for any type of file, it's a good option.
There is actually another trick you can use on Android using a file manager like ES File Explorer: Put an empty text file called .nomedia inside any folder with images you don't want to show up in the default gallery app (though they'll still appear in the file manager). In fact Android will ignore any folder that starts with a period. It's a rather fiddly solution, but it might suit some of you.
Advertisement
iOS
Screenshot: Gizmodo
The iOS file system is even more locked down than Android of course, so you're unlikely to have files floating around that you don't want people to see that aren't photos or videos. There is the new Files app, that shows your iCloud Drive files (if you've got any), but there are no options for hiding files here.
Advertisement
You can however hide photos and videos from the iOS Photos app to keep them away from prying eyes that aren't yours: Open the file in question, tap the Share button (bottom left), then choose Hide. That removes the photo or video from Moments, Years, and Collections, though someone could still browse to the Hidden album in the Albums section of the app, so it's not all that secure.
We've already spoken about hiding photos and videos in Google Photos, and the process is the same for Google Photos for iOS. Tap and hold on one or more files, tap the menu button (three horizontal dots), and choose Archive. This hides the pictures or clips from the front screen of the app, though they can still be found from the Archive entry in the menu (and still show up in albums and search).
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Advertisement
One other option is to put photos inside Notes (though this doesn't work for videos). First you need to set up a password in the Notes section of the iOS Settings app, then you can open any note, tap the Share button (top right) and choose Lock Note. You'll also need to remove the photo you've added from the main Photos app.
If you need to hide files from specific apps, your best bet is looking inside that app to see what options are available. Dropbox, for example, can be passcode protected from its internal settings screen: Tap Account then the cog icon, and choose Passcode Lock to prevent anyone from getting into your files.
We've come across a number of handy third-party options too, including Private Photos Calculator and Private Photo Vault, which protect your sensitive snaps and clips with a PIN code. You can capture photos and videos inside the apps, or import them from the Camera Roll, but if you take the latter option you also need to them delete the pictures from the iOS Photos app.
Advertisement
Windows
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Windows has a file hiding tool built right into it, as you might already know: Right-click on any file or folder, choose Properties, then tick the box marked Hidden and click OK. That's it—your chosen file or folder is no longer visible in File Explorer.
Advertisement
Unless the person who's gained access to your computer is clever enough to display hidden files, that is. The setting can be toggled right from the View tab of the ribbon menu—the Hidden items entry on the right. You can set files and folders to be hidden from this menu too, via the Hide selected items button.
If you think that's enough protection to foil any would-be lurkers—that they won't know Windows well enough to display hidden files—then you're already all set. On the other hand, if you want to take your hiding file techniques to the next level, you'll need some help from a third-party app, and there are quite a few to pick from.
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Advertisement
Of the ones we've tested, Wise Folder Hider Free impressed us the most with its ease-of-use and feature set. You can just drag and drop folders on top of the program interface, and they disappear from File Explorer as if by magic. A password is then required to get into the application. If you want encryption as well, you can upgrade to the Pro version for $19.95.
We were also impressed by My Lockbox, which is also available in free and Pro versions (the latter lets you protect an unlimited number of folders). Again, one password protects access to the program, and it's perfect for just hiding a single folder away rather than a bunch of files or folders.
Another option is to wrap up all the files you want to hide away in a compressed archive, and then put a password on that archive that blocks unauthorized access. 7-Zip is one free tool that can do this for you, though someone else could still see and delete the archive unless you added one of the hiding options we mentioned above.
Advertisement
macOS
Screenshot: Gizmodo
When it comes to Mac computers, the cleanest and simplest native option is to use the Terminal app, which you can launch from Spotlight (Cmd+Space). Type “chflags hidden file-or-folder-path” then Enter to hide something, and “chflags nohidden file-or-folder-path” and Enter to bring it back. If you like you can type out the command then drag and drop a file or folder into the Terminal window before hitting Enter (just remember the path so you can bring it back).
Advertisement
Various third-party options will take care of the task for you as well. Hide Folders does exactly what it says on the tin, and you simply drag and drop in files and folders from Finder and then click the Hide button. Anyone who launches Hide Folders can see what you've hidden though, so you might want to add password protection, which is a $20 upgrade for the Pro version.
Secret Folder does almost exactly the same job, though the interface is a little cleaner and easier on the eyes. Again, you can simply drag and drop folders into the program window to hide them, then toggle the Invisible/Visible switch accordingly. The application costs $20, but a free trial is available.
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Advertisement
Hider is a more comprehensive solution that's again is priced at $20 and again lets you give the software a trial run for free. In addition to hiding selected files and folders, your data is also encrypted, and you've got some useful extras thrown in as well (like support for external hard drives). Files can be shown or hidden using simple toggle switches, with everything protected by a master password.
If it's particular apps that you want to block, then Cisdem AppCrypt might fit the bill for you. You can specify apps (or websites) to password protect, so anyone who gains access to your Mac won't be able to run programs containing information you don't want seen. It costs $20 a year, with a free trial available.
Going back to photos, if all you want to do is hide images and video clips, you can use the same options (with the same caveats) as we talked about for iOS. From the Photos app, right-click on an image and choose Hide Photo. This removes it from the main photo stream, but considering the Hidden album is only a click away on the left-hand navigation pane, it's not the most effective solution.
Image copyright EPA Image caption More than 99% of people infected who can access health services are surviving
The number of suspected cases of cholera resulting from an epidemic in war-torn Yemen has reached 500,000, the World Health Organisation (WHO) says.
At least 1,975 people have died since the waterborne disease began to spread rapidly at the end of April.
The WHO said the overall caseload had declined since July, but that 5,000 people a day were still being infected.
The disease spread due to deteriorating hygiene and sanitation conditions and disruptions to the water supply.
More than 14 million people are cut off from regular access to clean water and sanitation in Yemen, and waste collection has ceased in major cities.
Cholera is an acute diarrhoeal infection caused by ingestion of food or water contaminated with the bacterium Vibrio cholera.
Most of those infected will have no or mild symptoms but, in severe cases, the disease can kill within hours if left untreated.
Yemen's health service has struggled to cope with the cholera epidemic - currently the largest in the world - with more than half of all medical facilities closed due to damage sustained during more than two years of conflict between pro-government forces and the rebel Houthi movement.
The WHO said shortages in medicines and supplies were persistent and widespread, and that 30,000 health workers had not been paid in almost a year.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch: The reality of life in Yemen
"Yemen's health workers are operating in impossible conditions," said the WHO's director general, Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.
"Thousands of people are sick, but there are not enough hospitals, not enough medicines, not enough clean water.
"These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response - without them we can do nothing in Yemen. They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives."
The WHO and its partners are working to set up cholera treatment clinics, rehabilitate health facilities, deliver medical supplies and support Yemen's health response effort.
More than 99% of people infected who can access health services are surviving.
Dr Tedros called on all sides in Yemen's conflict, which has killed more than 8,160 people and injured 46,330 since March 2015, to urgently find a political solution.
"The people of Yemen cannot bear it much longer - they need peace to rebuild their lives and their country," they added.
Beyoncé's creative producer makes jewelry and celebs are loving it When you start to feel overwhelmed, remember this: You have as many hours in a day as Beyoncé . . . 's creative digital producer Kelly Shami. Shami, who works...
Store slammed for making 'suicide fashionable' with belt A new choker from ASOS is causing a stir for all the wrong reasons. On Jan. 17, the Daily Mail reported the UK store had removed the online listing for...
People are judging how cool you are by your tote bag Forget Hermès, Céline and Mansur Gavriel. On the streets of New York, a canvas tote is the ultimate status symbol. Long a staple for students and lunch-carrying commuters, totes are...
Sprayground to open pop-up shop in Midtown Sprayground, the urban backpack, clothing and accessories brand, will open a quickie pop-up shop later this month dubbed, “Seven Days of Mayhem,” at 140 W. 42 St., near Seventh Ave....
These bootie-and-bag combos make for instantly chic outfits Girly grunge Galactic metallics Modern Western Outdoorsy chic Ladylike velvet Floral embroidered Ornate embellished
Why cool girls are wearing sheer black stockings Stylish “Spider-Man: Homecoming” starlet Zendaya stunned the fashion crowd last month when they arrived at a Louis Vuitton event in an embellished vest with leather trim over a pouf-sleeved blouse...
It's a battle of the bands as alt-straps thrill watch lovers Watch fanatics are known to pore over the technical specs of high-end timepieces. But increasingly, marquee brands are paying as much attention to the strap of a watch as its...
Coach Inc. is changing its name, and shoppers are pissed Iconic luxury handbag maker Coach Inc risked Wall Street and social media ire on Wednesday by announcing a change of its corporate name to Tapestry Inc, as it evolves into...
For the first and only time in 2017, a visible supermoon will illuminate the sky starting Sunday night.
The supermoon will seem 7 percent bigger and 16 percent brighter to the naked eye, wrote Gordon Johnston, a program executive with NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft system. The moon will appear the largest overnight after 12:45 a.m. ET, but those who might not be up to view it overnight can also take a look from sunset Sunday until sunrise Monday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Look up: Supermoon views across the globe 1:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
This lunar event looks like it'll take a backseat compared to more hyped-up lunar events that occurred in the last year, like the supermoon in November 2016 and the total solar eclipse in August. Unlike the eclipse, however, this lunar event is safe to view with the naked eye and doesn't require special glasses or eye protection.
Last year's supermoon was the closest the moon has gotten to Earth's orbit since 1948, NASA says, and it won't get that close again until 2034.
A supermoon rises in front of a replica of the Statue of Liberty sitting atop the Liberty Building in downtown Buffalo, New York on Sunday night. Julio Cortez / AP
Noah Petro, deputy scientist for NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter mission, explained why this supermoon is so close to Earth — the moon's orbit isn't a perfect circle.
"There are a lot of tidal, or gravitational, forces that are pulling on the moon," Petro told Space.com, adding that the gravity of the Earth, the sun and the other planets of the solar system all affect the moon's orbit. "You have all of these different gravitational forces pulling and pushing on the moon, which gives us opportunities to have these close passes.
Some people weren't impressed with this phenomenon, like astrophysicist and author Neil deGrasse Tyson, who took to Twitter to explain its ordinariness. "If last month's Full Moon were a 16.0 inch pizza, then this month's 'Super' Moon would be 16.1 inches. I'm just saying," one of their tweets read.
if a 16.1 inch pizza is “super" to you, compared with a 16.0 inch pizza, then we have an issue of vocabulary.. — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) December 3, 2017
And another?
For the Super Moon to look big in a picture requires a substantial telephoto lens. Try one with just your smart phone and post it. — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) December 3, 2017
Last one…
The Super Moon will fit easily in the field of view through a simple drinking straw. Try it. — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) December 3, 2017
Maria Byrd, a tourist visiting Rockefeller Center, also seemed unaffected by the hype.
"I really don't know anything about it, except for I heard that it was yesterday, Byrd told NBC News. "It looks better. I got a glimpse of it on somebody's Facebook picture. It looked big."
They said the supermoon doesn't interest them because "I guess I just don't know enough about it."
On the other hand, Deborah Cyr, 64, thought the supermoon was "stunning." They and a friend visiting New York from New Hampshire saw it on an open-bus tour. "It's one of those phenomenas of nature that you kind of embrace and enjoy and don't know when you'll see again," they said.
Three other supermoons graced the skies in 2017, but this one is the only one discernible with the naked eyes, National Geographic reported. It's part of a succession of three supermoons set to occur into 2018; the others are projected to occur Jan. 2 and Jan. 31, according to NASA.
The Cotton Bowl features the Wisconsin Badgers and the Western Michigan Broncos.
An intriguing matchup awaits in the Cotton Bowl Classic on January 2. After losing the Big Ten Championship, Wisconsin will look to rebound against undefeated Western Michigan. It's not the best situation for the Badgers, as a win over a non-Power 5 conference won't do much, but a loss could be damaging.
Game: Cotton Bowl Classic
TEAMS: No. 8 Wisconsin Badgers (10-3, 7-2 Big Ten) vs. No. 15 Western Michigan (13-0, 8-0 MAC)
TIME: January 2, 20171:00 p.m. EST
LOCATION: AT&T Stadium – Arlington, TX
TV: ESPN
This game appears to be a classic battle of a potent offense and a stout defense.
Wisconsin has relied heavily on its defense this season, and that will likely be the case in the Cotton Bowl. The Badgers are ranked seventh in total defense, allowing just over 300 yards against. Against the run they are particularly tough, ranking second in all of FBS with just 96.9 rushing yards against.
Linebacker T.J. Edwards led the team this season with 79 total tackles. Fellow linebacker T.J. Watt, younger brother of NFL star J.J. Watt, led the team and the Big Ten Conference with 12 total sacks. Watt is a force that can make plays all over the field. Opposing offenses need to know where they are at all times.
Senior safety Leo Musso is a talent on the backend of the Badger defense. They recorded 65 total tackles this season and led the team with five interceptions. As a team Wisconsin led the Big Ten with 21 interceptions.
More from Victory Bell Rings
The Badgers are clearly strong on defense, but have some issues on the offensive side of the ball.
Running back Corey Clement is the star of the offense for the Badgers. They led the Big Ten with 1,304 rushing yards and recorded 14 touchdowns. They ended the season with five consecutive 100-yard rushing games, including 164 yards in the loss to Penn State.
The passing attack was never really able to get on track for the Badgers this seasons, with quarterback Alex Hornibrook and Bart Houston both playing significant time. Hornibrook was the better of the two, throwing for 1,243 yards and eight touchdowns, compared to 1,086 yards and five scores for Houston.
Hornibrook missed the Big Ten Championship with an injury and Houston struggled in their place. Fortunately for Wisconsin it seems that Hornibrook will be back to 100 percent for the bowl game. Catching passes from whoever is throwing the ball will be speedster Jazz Peavy. They lead the Badgers with 635 receiving yards and five touchdowns.
Unlike Wisconsin, Western Michigan enters the Cotton Bowl with a lot to gain. No doubt a win for the Badgers would be nice, but a win for the Broncos would me monumental for the program.
Head coach P.J. Fleck led their team to a MAC championship and a 13-win season. The Broncos knocked of two Big Ten teams in Northwestern and Illinois and will look to add a third by defeating the Badgers.
Western Michigan enters the Cotton Bowl with a top-15 offense that averages 496.7 yards per game.
Quarterback Zach Terrell has thrown for 3,376 yards and 32 touchdowns. Remarkably they threw just three interceptions all season. Most of their targets went to star receiver Corey Davis. They racked up 1,427 receiving yards and is currently second in FBS with 18 receiving touchdowns.
When not passing, Western Michigan is a very talented ground team. A duo of runners, Jarvion Franklin Jamauri Bogan have both amassed over 850 rushing yards. Franklin leads the way with 1,300 yards and 12 touchdowns.
Overall, the Western Michigan offense is capable of lightning up the scoreboard. The Broncos scored at least 30 points in 11 of their 13 games this season.
On defense, the Broncos are led by linebacker Robert Spillane. They racked up 105 total tackles. They also had three interceptions. Keon Adams led the Broncos with seven sacks this season. Defensive back Darius Phillips nabbed four interceptions.
It's still likely that many around the country are not familiar with Western Michigan. That could very well change after the Cotton Bowl. The Broncos have an opportunity to put a stamp on a fantastic season and build for the future.
No matter the outcome, the Cotton Bowl should surely be entertaining to watch.
This article originally appeared on
After the flash flood that devastated the Mannington community roughly two weeks ago, Fairmont Senior High School's class of 1970 stepped in to help. It started with a grassroots Facebook campaign created by Debbie Six, vice president of the alumni group, and ultimately led to donations by many members of the graduating class, totaling $2,050, to aid flood relief efforts.
On Monday, Six, along with other members of the effort, presented a check to Chris Chiles of Eight Days of Hope, a charity organization based out of Mississippi, that has been helping Mannington rebuild the community after the flood.
After presenting Chiles with the donation made by members of the class of 1970, including donations from members in 13 different states, Six made a challenge to other Fairmont Senior High School classes.
"All the outlying areas need help. The areas in Monongalia county, Harrison county, Marion county... They're all in need of help. So, I challenge all schools in the area, not just Marion county, but Monongalia county schools, Harrison county schools, Taylor county schools, the alumni associations, to see if they can beat what we did," said Six.
Relief efforts continue to occur in flood-damaged areas.
A team led by Southwest Research Institute (SwRI) has been awarded up to $2.9 million in funding to develop connected and automated vehicle (CAV) technologies aimed at improving fuel economy by more than 20 percent. The project is part of ARPA-E's NEXT-Generation Energy Technologies for Connected and Autonomous On-Road Vehicles (NEXTCAR) program. The program supports “enabling technologies that use connectivity and automation to co-optimize vehicle dynamic controls and powertrain operation, thereby reducing the energy consumption of light-, medium- and heavy-duty vehicles,” according to the group.
The three-year project, “Model Predictive Control for Energy-Efficient Maneuvering of Connected and Automated Vehicles,” calls for the team to develop optimal control algorithms that leverage vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V), vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) and other vehicle-to-everything (V2X) technologies to simultaneously optimize the vehicle's route, speed profile and power flows from the hybrid system. These developments could help define future powertrain performance requirements and enable more efficient control of the powertrain and vehicle dynamics. SwRI will demonstrate these technologies using a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (PHEV), Toyota's 2017 Prius Prime.
“This is an important research step in furthering the development of powertrains for connected and automated vehicles,” said Scott Hotz, an assistant director in SwRI's Engine, Emissions and Vehicle Research Division. “Our team's collective expertise in vehicle powertrain development and connected and automated vehicle technologies will help optimize vehicle efficiency.”
The team will develop and integrate components that assist in automated eco-driving — informing the vehicle about approaching traffic signals as well as preferred routes and optimal vehicle speed profiles. Given this connected “look ahead” preview of conditions, SwRI engineers also will optimize powertrain operation to achieve its goal of 20 percent improvement in fuel economy.
In addition to SwRI, team members include Toyota Motor North America and the University of Michigan.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — The snow was falling so hard and fast that Indianapolis Colts kicker Adam Vinatieri could have used a timeout and perhaps a few more size-15 feet.
After scrambling to hit a 43-yard point-after attempt to tie the game at 7 with 1:16 remaining in regulation, Vinatieri was unable to find their footing to hit what would've been a go-ahead field goal from nearly the exact same spot with 1 second left.
The NFL's oldest active player instead watched their attempt wobble low and wide left in a game the Colts would eventually lose 13-7 to the Buffalo Bills on LeSean McCoy's 21-yard touchdown run with 1:33 left in overtime on Sunday.
“That's probably the worst conditions I've played in maybe ever,” the 43-year-old Vinatieri said of a game played in near white-out conditions and on a slick field covered in a two-inch blanket of snow.
“When you've got that much snow on the ground, the only thing you can hope for is you've got a timeout beforehand, clear as much snow with the big size-15 feet the offensive linemen have and it gives you a chance to get better footing,” they said. “But yeah, obviously, you put them through when you can.”
Vinatieri missed both of their field-goal attempts, including a 33-yarder that fluttered wide right late in the first quarter.
Having squandered double-digit leads in the second half four times already this season, the Colts (3-10) found yet another way to lose.
This time, they blew two chances to beat Buffalo (7-6) in the final two minutes of regulation.
Jacoby Brissett capped a 19-play, 77-yard drive with a 3-yard pass off a play-action fake to Jack Doyle in the right side of the end zone. Rather than attempt to tie the game, the Colts went for 2 with Brissett once again faking a handoff and hitting Doyle in the left side of the end zone.
The play, however, was negated by an offensive pass-interference flag against receiver Kamar Aiken.
The Colts got the ball back two plays from scrimmage later when Matthias Farley intercepted Joe Webb's pass and returned it to the Bills 28 with 52 seconds left.
Indianapolis ran just one play, a 3-yard run by Frank Gore, before coach Chuck Pagano elected to have Brissett spike the ball with 6 seconds remaining.
Pagano blamed himself, saying they could have run a few more plays to cut the distance for Vinatieri.
“Yeah, I screwed up. That's on me,” Pagano said. “They all played their hearts out. I'm sick for them. They deserved better.”
The loss spoiled Gore's outing in which they had 130 yards on a career-best 36 carries. Gore topped 100 yards for the first time in 15 games going back to last season. It was also the 42nd 100-yard rushing game of their career to move them into a tie with O.J. Simpson for 16th on the NFL list.
“This year, it's been tough. One play here, one play there,” Gore said of a season in which five of the Colts' losses have been decided by six or fewer points.
“I think any other team would just give up but we come every week fighting,” Gore added. “We just keep going and try to finish these last three strong and see where it goes from there.”
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
Qantas will offer its passengers free access to content from Foxtel, Netflix and Spotify on domestic flights, beginning in late February.
The airline announced in February 2016 that, thanks to a deal with ViaSat, it intended to offer free Wi-Fi on domestic flights leveraging NBN's Sky Muster satellite service.
The airline today said it had struck deals with the three services to offer free content to passengers (though new Spotify and Netflix customers will have to sign up for a subscription).
Qantas installed the first first ViaSat equipment on Boeing 737 aircraft in November. The service will be extended to cover all of its 737 and Airbus A330 aircraft flying domestic routes from the middle of 2017.
In addition to offering Internet access to passengers, Qantas has been looking at how its crew can use in-flight Wi-Fi, such as pilots employing it to access real-time weather information.
The Wi-Fi services uses idle data capacity on NBN's satellite service. NBN's chief customer officer, John Simon, said that the service will not impact National Broadband Network satellite services for ground users.
Qantas says it is currently in negotiations to offer Wi-Fi services on international and regional flights.
Royal Flying Doctors Service
Minister for regional communications, Fiona Nash, today said the Royal Flying Doctors Service (RFDS) could potentially use NBN's Sky Muster satellites for in-flight Internet.
“This opens the door to in-flight telehealth on the Flying Doctors' planes,” Nash said in a statement.
“The idea of a Flying Doctor's plane over the outback sending live data to a specialist in say Sydney or Melbourne, who gives instant advice which saves a life, is just so exciting. The idea of emergency services crews being able to do the same sort of thing during say a bushfire or other natural disaster is fantastic.”
RFDS has met with NBN about trialling in-flight broadband.
NBN's service comprises two satellites: Sky Muster and Sky Muster II. Sky Muster launched in October 2015. Sky Muster II launched in October last year. The service offers wholesale speeds of 25/5Mbps for end users.
The two satellites offer combined bandwidth of 135 gigabits per second.
European stocks pushed higher for a seventh straight session on Wednesday, with banks leading the gains after Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen sparked a rally in financial stocks by hinting U.S. interest rates soon will go higher.
The Stoxx Europe 600 index SXXP, +0.38% climbed 0.4% to 371.80, setting it on track for its highest close since December 2015.
The positive trading mood in Europe follows a fourth straight record close for U.S. stocks on Tuesday. That move higher came after Fed chief Yellen struck a hawkish tone and said rates could rise sooner rather than later.
“Another day, another record high for U.S. markets, with global markets playing catchup and investors wondering how much higher these markets can reach,” said Rebecca O'Keeffe, head of investment at stockbroker Interactive Investor, in a note.
“Buoyed by Janet Yellen's faith in the U.S. economy, financial stocks led the way, outperforming the wider market and this has continued in Europe, with banks up strongly,” they added.
On Wednesday, Yellen will speak again, when they give their semiannual testimony before the House Finance Services Committee at 10 a.m. Eastern Time, or 3 p.m. London time.
Bank cheer: Banks tend to benefit from rising interest rates as it means they can charge customers more for their loans. Even if yields are still extremely low in Europe, the continent's banks are likely to get a boost from tighter policy in the U.S., as most of them also do business overseas.
Shares of Deutsche Bank AG DBK, +2.90% DB, +1.67% rose 3.1%, BBVA SA BBVA, +2.67% BBVA, +2.79% added 2.9%, BNP Paribas SA BNP, +2.08% gained 2.1%, and UBS Group AG UBSG, +1.82% UBS, +0.25% climbed 1.8%.
Credit Agricole SA ACA, +4.76% put on 4.4% after the French lender reported a drop in fourth-quarter profit due to a writedown, but said revenue rose 7%.
ABN AMRO Group NV ABN, +3.32% gained 2.6%. The Dutch bank reported a 23% rise in fourth-quarter profit and said its capital position has strengthened.
Other movers: Shares of Heineken NV HEIA, +4.41% HEINY, -0.49% jumped 4.5% after the brewer said earnings rose in 2016 despite continued currency headwinds.
On a more downbeat note, Akzo Nobel NV AKZA, -3.57% AKZOY, -0.18% slid 3.5% after the Dutch maker of Dulux paint and the building material Polyfilla reported a drop in 2016 profit.
Air Liquide SA AI, -1.32% lost 1.3% after the industrial-gas manufacturer posted full-year revenue below analysts' expectations.
Economic news: The U.K. unemployment rate stayed at 4.8% in the three months to December, remaining at its lowest level since 2005.
Meanwhile, U.K. wage growth slowed to 2.6% from 2.7%. With consumer prices rising 1.8% in January compared with 1.6% in December, the data show inflation is now beginning to eat into wage growth, a sign that British consumers may rein in their spending.
The pound GBPUSD, -0.2727% dropped to $1.2428 after the report, down from $1.2467 late Tuesday in New York.
In other economic news, the Swedish Riksbank kept its main interest rate on hold at a record low of minus 0.5%.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Authorities in North Carolina have accused a woman of filing nearly 300 insurance claims for cancer even though they didn't have the disease.
The North Carolina Department of Insurance said in a statement Tuesday that 60-year-old Susan Leigh Huebotter is charged with insurance fraud and obtaining property by false pretenses over $100,000.
The statement says Huebotter presented 287 cancer and hospitalization policy claims that were fraudulent. According to the arrest warrants, Huebotter made the claims between 2009 and 2017 without being diagnosed, treated or undergoing surgery for cancer.
Warrants say the false claims totaled $231,306.
Huebotter was arrested March 22 in North Carolina's Lenoir County and jailed on a $250,000 secured bond.
Online records didn't indicate whether they have an attorney.
Two first-half goals from Conor Whelan proved crucial as All Ireland champions Galway did just enough to see off the brave challenge of Laois in O'Moore Park.
For the second week in a row, Galway were sluggish and following on from last weekend's unimpressive win over Antrim, they were put to the pin of their collar by Laois for long stages.
The home side, inspired by captain Ross King who hit 12 points, put in a fine display and could point to the controversial sending off of James Ryan just before half time as a huge moment in the match.
Ryan picked up a second yellow in the same off-the-ball incident that saw Galway's Greg Lally sent off - but they furiously protested their innocence amid claims of mistaken identity.
Whelan's second goal moments later helped the visitors to a 2-6 to 0-10 half-time lead that they scarcely deserved.
A string of King frees had Laois level by the 45th minute but Galway had that greater scoring power that proved crucial and a run of scores from Conor Cooney, Joe Cooney, Padraig Mannion, Sean Linnane, Aidan Harte and Whelan was enough to help them maintain their winning start.
Laois: E Rowland (0-1,f); D Hartnett, L Bergin, L Cleere; P Lawlor, M Whelan, E Killeen (0-1); P Purcell, J Ryan; A Corby, B Conroy, C Taylor; R King (0-12, 7f, 1'65), N Foyle, W Dunphy (0-2). Subs: J Keyes for Corby (ht), S Downey for Taylor (ht), M Kavanagh (0-1) for Conroy (52), P McCane for Foyle (56), J Phelan for Cleere (67)
Galway: J Skehill; A Tuohy, J Hanbury, S Bannon; G Lally, P Mannion (0-3, 2f), A Harte (0-4, 1f); J Coen (0-1), P Breheny (0-1); S Linnane (0-1), J Cooney (0-3), C Mannion; C Whelan (2-1), C Cooney (0-3, 1f), D Glennon (0-1). Subs: B Concannon for C Mannion (50), N Burke for C Cooney (59), S Cooney for Linnane (60)
Referee: P Murphy (Carlow)
Cops busted an alleged turnstile jumper in Upper Manhattan and discovered they were wanted for attempted murder — which transit sources said is exactly why New York should not go soft on farebeaters.
The Manhattan DA's office recently announced it will stop prosecuting almost all new fare-beat cases starting this month, a move that angered subway officials and cops, who countered that turnstile jumpers sometimes turn out to be bigger fish.
That was the case with Thursday's predawn arrest of Salim Bradley, 22, of East Harlem, inside the Central Park North 2/3 station at 110th Street.
A pair of transit anti-terror cops, officers Justin Berey and Christian Dubose, were on plainclothes patrol just before 6 a.m. when they saw a man slide in through the emergency exit without paying, police said.
The two cops tried to stop the man, but they jumped onto the northbound track and began running southbound, police said.
The cops flagged down an oncoming train, instructing its conductor to stop while they searched for the man, who they then pursued along the train tracks into the next station south, at 96th Street, where they were arrested, police said.
The man was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for treatment of a minor cut to their hand, sustained when he'd jumped down from the platform, police said.
A records check revealed that they are wanted in Virginia for an open attempted murder case, police said.
“This is why fare evasion arrests matter. You potentially stop some very dangerous people from entering the subways,” said Andrew Albert, an MTA board member who heads the New York City Transit Riders Council.
“Once the word gets out that nobody is going to be prosecuted, why would anyone pay their fare?” they said.
Failing to prosecute fare-beaters could lead to a costly cascade of bad news for law-abiding riders, they argued.
“You'll have massive fare loss and people getting into the [subway] system who shouldn't be there,” they predicted. “Fare hikes will come more frequently and crime will go up.”
Albert said fare beating is already too widespread and they see people sneaking into the system every time he's in a subway station.
Every day after school, students sneak in at 86th and Broadway, and the other day, they saw an elderly couple waiting for someone to come through the emergency gate so they could sneak in, they said.
see also Cops will stop busting turnstile jumpers: source Manhattan turnstile jumpers can jump for joy — with both...
“I'm not even sure ridership is down as much as the numbers say — I think paying ridership is down,” they added.
“What an insult to millions of New Yorkers who are doing the right thing and paying their fare.”
It's a good thing the two brave transit cops ignored prosecutors' announcement promising a “free ride” for most fare-beaters, and made the arrest anyway, one police source told The Post.
“People who pay $2.75 every trip deserve to take the train without sitting next to a guy wanted for attempted murder,” the source said.
“It's no surprise that beating the fare can go hand-in-hand with ignoring every other law,” the source added.
Kate Upton landed the cover for Sports illustrated for the third time. What famous athlete is they engaged to?
Showbiz Shelly is the entertainment reporter and co-host for The J Show on B96 Radio (96.3 FM). At 7:15 am, every weekday morning they also take on listeners in a pop culture quiz: The Showbiz Shelly Smackdown. ...
TAMPA — The Commissioners Office and Players Association are discussing a plan to flip-flop batting practice so the home team hits second rather than first, The Post has learned.
By having the home team hit later, the hope is that more fans would come early to the ballpark to watch, which in turn could increase concession stand sales plus help with flow of spectators coming into a park.
The benefit for the players, in theory, would be that for 81 games they could stay a little longer at home with family before having to travel to the stadium. However, it would mean visiting players would be in clubhouses longer and, in general, the amenities in a visiting clubhouse are not nearly as good as at home.
The Post was told that the proposal is still in the discussion stage and nothing has been finalized yet.
BUFFALO — Was Donald Trump the secret force behind the seemingly grassroots 2014 campaign to block Jon Bon Jovi from buying the NFL's Buffalo Bills?
That's what those involved are saying now, three years after the billionaire and the rocker were competing to buy the Bills. At the heart of the effort was the creation of a fan group called 12th Man Thunder that pushed to keep the team in Buffalo and exploited already rampant speculation Bon Jovi planned to move the franchise to Canada.
Among the group's antics in the spring of 2014 were the collection of thousands of petition signatures and distribution of “Bon Jovi Free Zone” posters calling for a boycott of the band's music in bars, shops and on radio stations. All of it received widespread media coverage, including from The Associated Press.
“At the time I wish I could have told people,” said Charles Pellien, one of the group's leaders. “I just wanted to blurt out, ‘Donald Trump is behind this!'”
Neither the White House nor the Trump organization responded to requests for comment on the claim, which was first mentioned on a Buffalo-area radio show in March and reported last month by GQ magazine.
But according to Michael Caputo, a Buffalo public relations consultant who would go on to work on Trump's presidential campaign, Trump themselves came up with the idea for the group at a Trump Tower meeting in early 2014 as a way to tap into widespread fan anxiety at the time over a potential Bills move to Canada.
“Mr. Trump was convinced that the community wouldn't stand for a move,” Caputo told the AP. “So they sent me off to try to organize something with local fans to get that rolling.”
Once back in Buffalo, Caputo enlisted Pellien, a truck driver who lives near the Bills' stadium in Orchard Park, and others to form the volunteer group, which quickly amassed an email database of 15,000 fans.
Speculation that Bon Jovi's group intended to move the team was fueled by the fact that it included two Canadian heavyweights, Larry Tanenbaum, chairperson of Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment, and the Rogers family, which controls Toronto-based Rogers Communications.
see also Bon Jovi out of group bidding for Bills Jon Bon Jovi has been chucked from the group, The...
And with the Bon Jovi group expected to bid more than Trump was willing to pay, Caputo said, Trump believed tapping the fan emotion would improve their position.
“He wanted to be the hometown favorite because they would keep the Bills in Buffalo,” Caputo said. “It was always their intention to come in here on a white horse and save the team.”
The group's first move was the petition drive that had people vowing to wash their hands of the Bills — no buying tickets or jerseys or watching games on TV — if the team moved.
Organizers said Trump stepped away from even behind-the-scenes involvement after signing a non-disclosure agreement attached to the bidding process that barred them from doing public outreach around it.
Bon Jovi, whose representatives declined to comment for this story, responded to the 2014 campaign with a letter to The Buffalo News that said their ownership group's objective was “to make the Bills successful in Buffalo.” The letter came a little more than a week after AP reported that the singer's ownership group conducted a feasibility study into building a stadium in Toronto.
In the end, 12th Man Thunder's efforts were for naught because Buffalo Sabres owners Terry and Kim Pegula submitted a bid no one could top — $1.4 billion — and became the new owners.
After the sale, the fan group, now known as Bills Fan Thunder and still led by Pellien, transformed into a charitable group that brings underprivileged children to their first Bills game.
As for Pellien's feelings about Bon Jovi today, “some people forgave and forgot and other people will never forgive. I'm kind of one of them.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Philip Deignan has been named in Team Sky's provisional squad for the upcoming Giro d'Italia.
The Donegal native, who won a stage in the Vuelta a Espana in 2009, has been riding for Team Sky since their move from UnitedHealthcare in 2014.
Deignan's role in the team will be that of specialist climber and the 34-year-old is regarded as one of the strongest domestiques in cycling.
Three other Irishmen are poised to join Deignan in the race: Nicolas Roche (BMC Racing), Sam Bennett (Bora-Hansgrohe) and Ryan Mullen (Trek-Segafredo).
Chris Froome will lead Team Sky throughout next month's race, as the Briton seeks a third successive Grand Tour win.
The 32-year-old's participation in the Tour of Italy, which begins in Jerusalem, Israel on 4 May and concludes in Rome on 27 May, is under scrutiny.
Froome is seeking to prove their innocence over an adverse finding for elevated levels of salbutamol at last year's La Vuelta.
As the asthma medication is a specified substance, they can continue racing.
Froome, who denies wrongdoing, faces a ban if they cannot explain the readings and a ruling in the case is widely expected in June.
Froome won a fourth Tour de France last July and became the first British winner of the Tour of Spain last September.
 They are seeking to add the Giro's pink jersey to their list of achievements and become the reigning champion in all three of cycling's Grand Tours at the same time.
Organisers RCS Sport on Tuesday announced Froome would be joined in Team Sky's eight-rider squad by Vasil Kiryienka of Belarus, Germany's Christian Knees and Colombia's Sergio Henao - all of whom helped Froome win the Tour last July.
Ireland's Deignan, Wout Poels of Holland, Spain's David de la Cruz and Salvatore Puccio of Italy have also been named in the team's provisional line-up for the 101st edition of the race.
"The Giro is a whole new challenge for me and a new motivation for me too," Froome said on teamsky.com after finishing fourth at the Tour of the Alps last week.
"It's a huge challenge to target the Giro d'Italia after winning the Tour and Vuelta last year and it's a huge motivation for me to go for my third consecutive Grand Tour win."
Froome is one of four Britons set to race, along with Simon Yates (Mitchelton-Scott), Alex Dowsett (Katusha-Alpecin) and Hugh Carthy (EF-Education First).
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Aug 14, CMC – An earthqua...
You are unauthorized to view this page.
Share
Nintendo Switch and Pokémon fans, there's lots of good news today as a new game has just dropped and more Pokémon goodness is on the way later this year. Along with the Pokémon Quest, which hit today, there are revelations that there will also be Pokémon specific controllers for the Switch in the form of the Poke-ball that until now, was just a thing you swiped on your phone to catch him. The new controller, called the Poke Ball Plus, will debut as an option when two new games, Let's Go Pikachu and Let's Go Eevee, drop in November.
The Poke Ball Plus has a small joystick but is also packing sensors for motion control, so you can “throw it” at your Pokémon target of choice. Yes, a wrist strap is included, and we recommend using it. It also vibrates and lights up. No word on the price yet, but really, is that going to be be a dealbreaker for this much fun? We doubt it.
We don't think they meant to flatter
Remember when the tech world thought the notch at the top of the Apple iPhone X was the biggest mistake since… the Apple Newton? Well, it seems like other phone makers missed that memo, especially Motorola. It's May 30th and our friends over at Android Headlines claim they have an image of the new Motorola One Power. And not only does it look like an iPhone X from the front, it's pretty darn close to it on the back as well.
Android Headlines says the image was shared with them by a “reliable source.” The phone apparently also brings back the “Motorola” name in full – previous phones were just “Moto”, like the Moto X4 (seen here) and so on. So what gives the One Power it's… power? Details are apparently still a bit scarce, but clearly there is a dual camera setup, the now mandatory minimal bezelness, and the notch. We don't know if the “Power notch” will house a facial ID system or what, as there is also a fingerprint reader on the back – or if the image is indeed legit. But we'd bet it is.
We looked for the drones
Amazon.com has made shopping – and getting – stuff so easy, it's made founder and CEO Jeff Bezos the richest man in history. But it's also filled our homes and lives with all that Amazon stuff, usually delivered in a couple of days after we click the buy button on the sprawling website.
We wanted to know: Just how does Amazon make it all happen? DT Home Editor Kim Wetzel and photographer Dan Baker went behind the scenes at an Amazon fulfillment center in Kent, Washington, to see how the sausage is made, and it was an eye opening experience to be sure. Amazon uses a mix of busy automated robots, miles of conveyer belts, package slides and, for now, human workers to quickly pick, box up and label your toothpaste, caffeinated soap or big screen TV. And to think the Kent facility is just one of about 150 such centers around the world. Not bad for a company that started out shipping books out of a garage.
We've got more news on our Facebook page and YouTube channel, and be sure to tune in to this week's DT podcasts: Trends with Benefits (general tech shenanigans) on Thursdays, and Between the Streams (movie and TV topics) every Friday.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese leaders began talks Tuesday expected to focus largely on trade with America's anchor ally in the region, though tensions with North Korea loomed large.
Pence reassured Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the U.S. considers its alliance with Japan to be a cornerstone of security in the region.
"We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan," Pence said.
"We are with you 100 percent," they said, adding that the U.S. "always seeks peace."
Pence reiterated that after years of North Korea testing the U.S. and its neighbors in East Asia with its nuclear ambitions, the U.S. "era of strategic patience is over."
Abe said Japan likewise hopes for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, "but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless." Pressure on North Korea is crucial, they said.
Pence is on a 10-day Asia trip that will also take them to Indonesia and Australia.
Concluding a visit to South Korea that was mostly focused on the North Korea problem, Pence told business leaders in Seoul earlier Tuesday that the administration is taking a fresh look at trade agreements as part of its "America First" policy.
"We're reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure that they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners," Pence told the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea.
White House officials said the economic meetings in Tokyo, with Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and other officials, will help forge a framework for a new U.S.-Japan economic dialogue launched by President Donald Trump and Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February.
Pence's two main goals are to spur increased U.S. access to Japanese markets and strengthen Japanese foreign investment, they said.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. Trade Representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
Pence's advisers said the vice president would make the case to Abe and Aso that the U.S. rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, under Trump does not signal a U.S. withdrawal from trade and economic development in the region.
The loss of U.S. participation in the TPP was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening access wider to its long-protected farm sector.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
For now, both sides seem keen to downplay potential for conflict.
"My understanding is that our talks are premised not on friction but on cooperation," Aso told reporters before Pence's arrival.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who met with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko earlier Tuesday, said they hope to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in their home state.
———
Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.
The Eagles got the news they feared on Monday.
Coach Doug Pederson told reporters that quarterback Carson Wentz did indeed tear their ACL in the win over the Rams, a tremendous blow to the Eagles' Super Bowl chances.
Wentz was having an MVP season for the 11-2 Eagles and was the main reason they were the favorites to win the NFC. Philadelphia now turns to Nick Foles, who completed 6-of-10 passes for 42 yards in Los Angeles after Wentz left the game.
Wentz suffered the injury diving into the end zone in the third quarter for a touchdown that would be called back for holding.
Nate Sudfeld is expected to be promoted from the practice squad to back up Foles.
A Milford fugitive wanted in Kent and Sussex Counties was found this weekend. 28-year-old Marque Anthony was found in the area of Church and Southwest Front Streets just after noon on Saturday. They were searched by police, who found drug paraphernalia on him. They were taken to SCI on $1,500 bond. Anthony was given two court dates; one for the drugs, and another for their active warrant.
Two teens are being sought after a man who thought they were answering a personal ad got robbed at knifepoint at a Connecticut home, police said.
Police in New Haven said the two unidentified teens — believed to be about 19 and 16 years old — targeted a 35-year-old victim from Wallingford at a residence on Hotchkiss Street at about 7 p.m. Saturday. The man had earlier set up a date with a woman named “Kristen” on the dating website Plenty of Fish.
The man told police they were texting with the woman prior to showing up at the home, where they found the front door locked. They were then greeted by two men at the back door, one of whom had a knife and asked if they were there to see their sister before demanding theirs money.
Police said the man hopped a fence in an effort to flee, but quickly found themselves cornered in a back yard. They struggled with the suspects until one of them put them in a headlock while the other teen started going through their pockets.
The suspects stole the man's iPhone, keys and wallet, which held cash and several credit cards. They were then forced into their Chevrolet Silverado by the teens, who told the victim they were headed to an ATM.
The victim managed to escape by hopping out of the passenger door. They ran until they spotted a woman outside who let them use their phone to call for help, police said.
The two suspects fled on foot, dumping the man's truck on Hotchkiss Street. Witnesses later confirmed the victim's version of events to investigators, who did not locate a woman named Kristen at the address.
Police described one of the suspects as 19 years old, about 5 feet 9 inches tall, and last seen wearing a black T-shirt and khaki pants. The second suspect, believed to be about 16 years old, was wearing a blue sweatshirt, jeans and a blue hat, police said.
The victim, meanwhile, declined medical attention at the scene.
Officer David Hartman, a police spokesperson, told The Post that investigators believe the date arranged on Plenty of Fish — used by more than 4 million people daily, according to its site — was “likely a ruse to get someone” to the address to commit a robbery. But it's unclear whether the suspects posted the ad by themselves or actually worked in tandem with a woman named Kristen in the scheme, Hartman said.
“People need to be net savvy and understand that there are people who use legitimate sites to prey on people,” Hartman told The Post, adding that police typically see these types of crimes involving transactions on Craigslist.
A 96-year-old Wallaceburg woman is being threatened with eviction following a dispute with their landlord over the cost of hiring an exterminator to rid their apartment of bed bugs.
Mary Doherty said their landlord is pressuring them to pay $495 by Dec. 19.
They live at an apartment on Montgomery Drive.
Doherty dealt with a bed bug infestation earlier this year. They said they advised their landlord about the issue, but hired an exterminator to deal with the problem when they didn't hear from the landlord.
Doherty, who said they have had no issues during the eight years she's lived in the apartment, said they were advised by Chatham-Kent's property standards department, as well as by the provincial Landlord and Tenant board, that they could take the amount they paid to hire the exterminator and deduct it from their next rent payment in October. With their October rent, they said they submitted to the landlord the receipt of the pest control costs.
Doherty said they didn't think there was problem, as they paid November's rent and didn't hear of any problem with their landlord until Dec. 4 when legal papers were placed under their door advising them to pay the $495 or they could be evicted.
“This really depleted her,” said family friend Robert Howe.
“It's no way to treat somebody.”
Postmedia Network left a message with the landlord on Monday but has not received a response.
Doherty estimates that the entire bed bug infestation – which they said was no fault of their own – has cost them almost $2,000 in total. They purchased a new bed, a new loveseat, paid to have their belongings transported to storage while the exterminator worked in the apartment, as well as paid for storage and additional expenses for moving out while the work was completed over two weeks.
Doherty said they took a lot of their time and effort to move everything into storage and to launder all of their linens and clothes.
Despite the extra costs, Doherty said she's just looking for G3 Property Solutions Inc. to acknowledge the $495 they spent for extermination. They said their landlord is refusing to reimburse the costs and sent Doherty a notice to end their tenancy for non-payment of rent.
“It has just been a kick in the teeth,” Howe said.
When Doherty paid the exterminator, they were told such bills are usually paid by the property owner, and it was rare for a tenant to pay for the first time they were treated for bed bugs.
To top it off, on Dec. 5, Doherty was completing errands around town and lost or had $850 stolen from them
“It's not right for an old person like me to be going through this,” they said.
Doherty said they are not going to pay the sum sought by G3 Property Solutions and is going to appeal to the Landlord and Tenant board.
“I'm not scared… I'm going to take them to court… and I'm going to win,” said the feisty Doherty.
Kai Time on the Road Recipes:
Kai Time visits the Award Winning Butcher Shop, Hummerston's Gourmet Meats and features some of Australias gourmet meats like kangaroo and australian beef.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
1:55 First bass go into repaired Ocmulgee Public Fishing Area
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
Married for 12 years to financier Danny Porush, mom of three Nancy Porush, 52, of Woodbury, LI, led a life of jaw-dropping extravagance. But unknown to her, Danny's fortune was...
John “John Boy” Chesnut
July 25, 1959 – February 11, 2017
BOWIE – John “John Boy” Chesnut, 56, died Feb. 11, 2017 in Bowie, TX.
The family has selected arrangements with direct cremation.
A graveside service will be scheduled at a later date.
They were born July 25, 1959 in Bowie to John Thomas and Glenda Faye (Haney) Chesnut.
 They are preceded in death by their father, John Thomas Chesnut; and grandmother, Ruth Haney Dunaway.
 They are survived by their mother, Glenda Haney Anderson, Chico; step-mother, Joan Lafferty Chesnut, Garber, OK; brother, Tony Lynn Chesnut, Crafton; sisters, Beverly Chesnut O'Dell, Chico, Sandra Chesnut Williams, Bridgeport and Judy Anderson, Chico; and numerous nieces and nephews.
Arrangements have been entrusted to The White Family Funeral Home of Bowie.
Michael Pineda couldn't find their fastball. They had “basically zero” command on it, according to manager Joe Girardi.
And somehow, Pineda still gave the Yankees a chance to end their longest losing streak of the season. This year — coming off a 6-12 campaign, with a 4.82 ERA — Pineda provides at least that much in nearly every outing.
Though Pineda initially looked like they would be culpable for the team's seventh straight loss Tuesday night, the right-hander recovered, and continued their series of solid starts at home, receiving a no-decision in the 8-3 loss to the Angels after allowing one earned run over 5 ²/₃ innings.
Pineda, who is 6-1 with a 1.92 ERA at home this season, allowed three runs (one earned) and seven hits, while striking out seven and walking one.
“I thought they battled really, really well tonight considering they had no location on their fastball, basically zero, and they found a way to get through six innings for us,” Girardi said. “He seemed a little bit better at the end, but they really struggled with their command and found a way to get through it, so I give them some credit for that.”
Pineda was on track to be pulled before the sun even set, giving up a double, a walk and a single to the first three batters they faced. When the first inning was over, the Angels only scored one run, but Pineda needed 27 pitches to end the frame.
The second inning was even worse, starting with Chris Carter committing a fielding error, which allowed Eric Young Jr. to reach base. Danny Espinosa followed two batters later with an RBI double, and Kole Calhoun added a single to put the Angels up 3-0, though both runs were unearned because of Carter's gaffe.
After allowing a season-high five runs and 10 hits to the Angels last week, Pineda had thrown 49 pitches through two innings.
“Some games you don't have your best stuff, but you need to figure it out on the mound and keep working and try to execute the pitches and make adjustments,” Pineda said.
The right-hander would never find their best stuff, but they managed to quiet the Angels' offense, retiring nine straight hitters at one point. Pineda, who threw 105 pitches (67 strikes), registered five of their strikeouts after the third inning.
“We learn every year,” Pineda said. “This year, when I have a situation in the game, whatever it is, I try to step back a little bit and think and execute my pitches.”
Image copyright SARAH COBBOLD/Reuters Image caption Emergency crews and other moped drivers went to the help of victims on 13 July
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court accused of carrying out a string of acid attacks on moped riders in north-east London.
The teenager has been charged with 13 offences, six under a Victorian law.
They allegedly targeted six men on bikes in less than 90 minutes on 13 July, spraying them in the face with a noxious liquid.
The boy appeared at Wood Green Crown Court by videolink from Feltham Young Offenders Institution.
One victim was left with "life-changing injuries".
The defendant, from Croydon, south London, is further accused of a separate moped robbery on 25 June.
They were charged with 13 offences in all, including six counts of throwing a corrosive liquid with intent to "disable, injure, disfigure, maim, or cause grievous bodily harm" under Section 29 of the Offences Against The Person Act 1861.
The offence carries a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.
They were also charged with two counts of robbery and four counts of attempted robbery.
Judge Noel Lucas QC adjourned the case until Thursday.
PARIS — The Latest on trade tensions between the United States and the European Union (all times local):
9:45 a.m.
U.S. and European trade chiefs are meeting hours before the U.S. is expected to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum that could unleash a trade war.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Le Figaro newspaper that a decision on tariffs would likely come after markets close Thursday. The U.S. decision is likely to be to impose tariffs, though there is slim hope that the two sides could reach a last-minute agreement.
Ross met Thursday morning in Paris with French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire, whose government has vigorously objected to tariffs.
And U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer is meeting in Paris on Thursday with EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom among other international trade chiefs.
In their Le Figaro interview, Ross said the Americans are still open to discussion, and the EU would be to blame for any trade war if it imposes retaliatory tariffs as expected.
——
6:30 a.m.
President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 per cent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 per cent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
MADINAH: Gen. Saeed bin Abdullah Al-Qahtani, assistant minister of interior for operations affairs, said that joint tactical exercise “Homeland 87” aims to enhance skills of internal security forces in their fight against terrorism.
“The exercise will ensure the safety of Saudi citizens and pilgrims of Umrah and Haj against any possible attacks,” Al-Qahtani said upon inaugurating “Homeland 87,” held at the Madinah-based Mohammed bin Naif Center for Special and Advanced Operations.
“Officers and personnel from various Saudi security sectors and units participate in the drill, which is held at Madinah,” Al-Qahtani said.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Naif, deputy premier and interior minister, “has been closely following up the completion of the drill site, which was built in record time, arrangements and plan of this exercise,” they added.
Al-Qahtani pointed out that personnel at all sectors of the Ministry of Interior have the experience and skills that entitle them to hold such exercises to enhance the efficiency and performance of the internal security forces.
“Thankfully, all arrangements were distinctive and simulation fields were available,” they noted.
“The internal security forces work in cooperation with the Saudi society, which is responsible for maintaining the security of this country... Security personnel don't hesitate to sacrifice their lives in order to carry out their duties.”
Image copyright Kent County Council Image caption Specialist crews are still assessing the situation
People who had to leave their homes after a large sinkhole opened up in Kent are preparing to spend a second night in temporary accommodation.
The 6ft (2m) void opened up in the A26 in Maidstone on Monday evening.
Maidstone Borough Council said it was still offering temporary accommodation to all affected and expected a further update later.
Highways authority Kent County Council (KCC) said the scene was still being assessed and specialists were on site.
Residents moved from their homes have been allowed day access to the properties but have not been allowed sustained access or to stay overnight.
A KCC spokesperson said investigations continued on Wednesday and it was not yet known what had caused the sinkhole to appear.
Image copyright Lauren Bourke Image caption Police closed off the road before it fell through
Image copyright Lauren Bourke Image caption The road sank slowly for about 45 minutes before the collapse, a witness said
KCC Highways tweeted on Wednesday that road closures remain in place.
Preliminary investigations said the collapse was "both significant and severe with the collapse currently visible on site representing a larger void underneath the road."
It was suggested the void underneath the surface stretched from kerb to kerb for 65ft (20m).
The main route had numerous pipes and ducts under the surface for utilities and services including gas, water and electricity, the council said.
It said work would involve significant liaison with utility firms and significant care when excavating the road which may affect the timescale of the work.
KCC has said repairs could take weeks.
Witnesses described a police car overtaking vehicles and blocking the A26, just before part of it collapsed.
Motorists said they heard a "crunching sound" before the sinkhole appeared.
Johnson C. Smith senior guard Robert Davis (11) returns for the Golden Bulls after averaging a team-best 17.4 points and 3.1 assists last season. John D. Simmons jsimmons@charlotteobserver.com
An exciting event is being organised by Gaelscoil Chill Dara in Newbridge and Setanta Boxing club.
They are holding a 5k and 10k family trail fun run on Sunday June 10.
“The whole family is welcome to join us on the 5k trail and afterwards you are invited back to the school grounds where there will be a bouncy castle and BBQ,” said the organisers.
The fun kicks off at 1pm. Entry for 10k adults is €20, 5km adults is €10, and a family of four is €30.
Registration for this event is now open online at www.popupraces.ie/events/lumville-pop-curragh-trail-5k-10k/
SEE ALSO: Landmark Newbridge Donal's discount store to close in June
Follow @insidefutbol
Manchester United legend Lou Macari has warned Premier League defenders about Romelu Lukaku this season.
Lukaku scored a brace in their league debut Manchester United in their 4-0 win over West Ham at Old Trafford on Sunday and was a constant menace for the Hammers defenders.
The Belgian linked up well Marcus Rashford and Henrikh Mkhitaryan, and later with Anthony Martial as Manchester United produced a statement making performance in the first league game of the season.
And Macari admits that given the fragility of the Premier League defences on display in the opening weekend of the campaign, Lukaku will be more than a handful in the league for Manchester United.
They pointed out that the 24-year-old's pace and power will be more than a handful for most defenders in the Premier League even if they fail to hit the back of the net sometimes.
The former midfielder said on MUTV “I think Saturday's results and Friday night's show that the defences are not the top in the Premier League.
“There have been goals galore, which tell me defenders are not at their very best and they are not as good as they used to be – and they will destroy them.
“Even if they don't score goals, with their pace and presence they will have them on their toes.”
Lukaku has already scored three goals in two competitive appearances for Manchester United this season.
Residents at a Wigan care home have suffered waits of more than an hour for help due to a lack of staff.
A recent watchdog inspection reported that Mahogany Care Home, in Newtown, requires improvements across the board.
This is the second time the Marsden Street home has been told to shape up after two consecutive inspections.
During a visit back in July, the Care Quality Commission social care officers spoke with residents and visitors about their feelings regarding the home.
The report, which has now been published, says: “Residents reported long delays in staff answering call bells or that staff would answer the call bell and turn it off promising to return shortly. We were told staff didn't always return as indicated and that there had been occasions when they had been required to wait in excess of an hour to have their cares needs met.”
One resident told inspectors: “They are short staffed now. When I press my buzzer, they come after a while.”
Another added: “Sometimes there are not enough staff and it takes them sometime for them to see me when I ring my buzzer. You always have to wait for help but sometimes it isn't for too long.”
One visitor said: “I don't feel there are enough staff as when I visit, people tell me they are desperate to go to the toilet and they have been waiting for a long time. This happens very frequently when in the dining room.”
Another visitor told inspectors that they witnessed someone shouting for at least 15 minutes for a drink before they were attended to.
They added: “The home is understaffed. We don't blame the staff for the delays; they are rushed off their feet. Staff that had been here a long time left and the new management attitude seems to be if staff are not happy then they can leave.”
However, despite concerns about the staffing arrangements, the employees as individuals have been commended by the inspectors for their hard work and attitude towards residents.
This was included in the “caring” section of the report, which outlined that the service was not “consistently caring”.
The report says: “Staff intentions were positive and demonstrated a caring and patient approach. However, due to insufficient staffing there were some areas of staff practice that had compromised people's dignity.
“Staff understood people's care needs and offered choices when providing support. People and staff spoke fondly of each other and appropriate contact and comfort was observed being given to people during the inspection.”
Mahogany Care Home has now been instructed to indicate how it plans to meet the regulations which have been breached.
By PETE IACOBELLI
AP Sports Writer
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - Brian Bowen is reaming in the NBA draft after the NCAA told South Carolina they would miss at least all next season before they would be eligible to play as the federal investigation into college basketball continues.
Bowen announced their decision to stay in the NBA draft through the school on Wednesday.
The decision means Bowen, the one-time Louisville recruit who transferred to the Gamecocks in January, won't ever play in college. They were suspended by Louisville after the school said it was being investigated as part of the federal corruption probe into the sport.
The federal complaint stated an Adidas executive and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family for them to play at Louisville. Details in the documents made clear investigators were referring to Bowen.
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY? – Thursday, December 14, 2017 at 9:30 on CW50 – THE BUILT A COMEDY EMPIRE – WITH GUEST STAR APPEARANCE BY GRACE BYERS (“EMPIRE”) Hosted by comedian Aisha Tyler, cast members Ryan Stiles, Wayne Brady and Colin Mochrie, along with guest comedian Brad Sherwood, put their comedic skills to the test through a series of spontaneous improv games that are prompted only by random ideas supplied by the studio audience. The four performers must use the little information they have and their wild imaginations to depict different characters and an array of scenes, as well as perform songs. After each round of improvisation, Aisha will dole out points to our four performers and declare a winner at the end of every episode. Directed by Geraldine Dowd (#509). Original airdate 9/28/2017.
America overspent by $30 billion in May, bringing this year's budget deficit to a grand total of $433 billion. But does it matter?
"In the short term, the answer is no," said Michael Tanner, a senior research fellow at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank based in Washington, D.C. They said different programs and payments may kick in or out at different times during the year.
"It's sometimes hard to match revenue fluctuations with spending fluctuations and pick out any one and say that's significant," Tanner told NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pence: Deficit Growth? 'Maybe in the Short Term' 2:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Federal budget watchers tend to ignore the month-to-month ups and downs. What matters more is the long-term view. And the Congressional Budget Office has projected that the deficit will continue to rise over the next 10 years.
Then-candidate Donald Trump said on the campaign trail that they would eliminate America's $19 trillion debt "over a period of eight years," a message that may have resonated with the voters who ushered them into the highest office.
Yet, according to surveys by the Pew Research Center, even though a majority of Americans say that addressing the budget deficit is a top priority for 2017, when asked which government initiatives they would cut, most wouldn't decrease federal spending on any programs.
Just like a maxed out credit card, the kind of debt the government takes on matters more than the actual number.
Putting a bunch of saws and lathes on your Amex so you can start a handyman business? That's "good debt" because you're investing in increasing your earnings potential.
Putting an Xbox and big-screen TV on your card just so you can play Call of Duty and then taking months to pay it down? You might be better off saving up and paying in cash. (Or picking up Frisbee golf.)
Related: Trump's Unusual Plan to Lower the National Debt
But, unlike a household, the government can print its own money and sell bonds, and its borrowing can flow back into the economy.
"Some deficits are temporary and may be incurred in a way that actually stimulates the economy over the longer term, such as a stimulus bill," said NBC News Business Correspondent Ali Velshi.
While the deficit may not matter much now, the bill may come due as the economy heats up and the interest on payments, the fastest rising portion of the national debt, increases even faster.
"Deficits, and debt in general, matter much less in times of low interest than times of high interest. We are currently in the former, but moving toward the latter," said Velshi.
No one is certain when the debt stops being a number and when it would start scaring away countries and investors enough that they'll stop buying our debt, as we are still the world's most advanced economy, said Alan Viard, resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative research group based in Washington.
But the more we kick the can down the road, the harder it becomes to deal with.
"The impact of debt accumulation is not like a tornado that tears down your house but more like termites," said Viard.
Now comes the balancing act, and it starts in goal.
The Rangers have seemingly once again found equilibrium, which means that once again, preparedness for the postseason is paramount for Alain Vigneault and their coaching staff.
So after starting netminder Henrik Lundqvist rediscovered their game while playing all of the four-game homestand they recently swept, and as backup Antti Raanta completed their first 60-minute contest since Dec. 29 with the 3-2 victory over the Blue Jackets in Columbus on Monday night to extend the team's winning streak to six games, where does Vigneault go from here?
Because with Tuesday's day off and the next game being the big-time contest against the Islanders in Brooklyn on Thursday — about time, right? — it's now easy to remember Vigneault saying at the beginning of the year they wanted to start Lundqvist less than 60 games in the regular season. With Lundqvist's 34th birthday coming March 2, they are on pace to play 68.
Raanta, 27, dealt with a lower-body injury suffered in the first period of a game in Montreal on Jan. 14, which was their only start in the new calendar year before Monday night. They made 30 saves against Columbus, and scrambled to preserve the win in the final gasping moments of the third period. It helped the Rangers get to 9-2-0 in their previous 11 games, as well as 13-5-0 since a bizarre 7-4 loss to the Wild back on Dec. 23, just before the Christmas break.
“Really, really good feeling,” Raanta said after the game. “When Hanky is playing at that level, it's tough to get games there. It was really fun to just get there and play. It had been a long time when I played last time. I just wanted to get that good feeling going again.”
The victory put the Rangers in a virtual tie for second place in the Metropolitan Division with the Blue Jackets and Penguins before Pittsburgh played host to the Canucks on Tuesday night. Columbus is scuffling since its 16-game winning streak ended Jan. 5, with John Tortorella's club 8-10-1 since then.
If things stay on this trajectory — and who knows what might happen with the March 1 trade deadline still looming large — than the Rangers will be rewarded by entering the side of the playoff bracket with the Penguins and Capitals, a much more difficult route than what would come on the Atlantic Division side.
So, again, with 26 games remaining in the season and a 14-point cushion from falling out of the playoff picture, how is Vigneault going to deploy theirs goalies?
If one thing is clear it's that this has been an unusual season for Lundqvist. They sat as a healthy backup for a career-high four straight games in early December, and then struggled to find any consistency as the schedule went through a handful of stops and starts, with the holiday break, the new “bye week” Jan. 8-12, and then the All-Star break over the final weekend of January.
That's why the four-game set at the Garden against all Western Conference teams proved to be so important, not just for the Rangers to take four in a row, but for Lundqvist to play well in all of them and reestablish a good feeling for himself.
And Raanta, now in their second year on Broadway, has been a valuable resource, able to win games at a clip well above the average understudy. The Blueshirts have a hellish travel schedule in March, and it would do Vigneault loads of good to know that they can — and should — start Raanta in any situation while preserving Lundqvist for when the games matter most.
Which is not to say that it's even possible for Vigneault to think about dropping back into that first wild-card spot. At this point, their main focus is on “getting the checkmark,” their pet phrase for saying they've secured a playoff spot, soon to find its way into every answer they give over the next two months.
But that does not mean they will disregard the value of rest, and that starts with their most important player, who happens to be in goal.
A man who had been deported twice is behind bars after crashing their vehicle into another car while on drugs, killing a Texas teenager who was on their way to the movies with their family.
Edy Lopez-Hernandez, 27, was charged with “murder, intoxication assault and failure to stop and render aid in connection with the crash” after they crashed into the vehicle carrying 17-year-old Britney Baez and their family on Saturday.
Houston Police Department said Lopez-Hernandez fled the scene of the crash with their 2-year-old son, who was in the car. A witness stopped Lopez-Hernandez and told them to return to the crash scene, KTRK reported.
Baez's sister, Nicole Baez, told KTRK that they were in the backseat with their sister when a car slammed into the rear of the vehicle they were traveling in.
“We were on the way and we just stopped at that light,” Nicole Baez recalled.
“I just remember sitting down on the sidewalk, my mom was still screaming my sister's name. I can hear my dad asking for water. I could sort of see people around me, that's when my arm started killing me,” they continued.
Their father was critically injured in the collision and was in a hospital's intensive care unit.
Police said Lopez-Hernandez was detained and transported to a hospital once they returned to the scene of the crash. At the hospital investigators determined they were “under the influence of narcotics.” Their toddler son was also taken to a hospital for treatment.
A law enforcement told KTRK that Lopez-Hernandez appeared to be driving at 70 mph at the time of the crash. Records showed the had been deported two times.
A law enforcement told KTRK that Lopez-Hernandez appeared to be driving at 70 mph at the time of the crash. Records showed the had been deported two times.
Baez's family has set up a GoFundMe to help pay for funeral costs.
“We're going to always think of you and you're going to always be in our hearts,” Baez's cousin, Nancy Gomez, told KTRK.
1:02 This man lovingly cuddles their alligator and brushes its teeth Nobumitsu Murabayashi bought a baby alligator at a festival over 30 years ago, and they're still best friends. They take the gator for walks, brushes its teeth, and even tucks the reptile into bed at night.
1:34 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' A woman took to Twitter to document an unbelievably horrible date they were witnessing in a sushi restaurant. We at The Post enlisted top-notch voiceover actors and stock images to bring this hellish date to life.
1:19 Group drinks 'poison' in mass suicide attempt on Beijing subway A group of alleged fraud victims appear to attempt suicide by drinking poison on a crowded train in a shocking video. According to reports, none of the suicide attempts was successful, but it is the latest in a string of mass suicide attempts as a form of protest in China.
1:14 Trashiest ways to get drunk this New Year's Not that you need any help in this department, but here are some of the trashiest ways to get drunk this New Year's. Try boxed fireball whiskey, your favorite flavored Lime-A-Rita's, and if you don't want to drink at all, just chow down on some alcoholic whipped cream.
:25 Dude getting tossed around by an elliptical is the perfect New Year's inspiration This man's session on the elliptical looked more like a bull ride than a workout, but they are a few steps closer to their gym goals. They just might be the inspiration you need to get your own gym membership in 2017.
1:03 Cops shoot knife-wielding man after they charge them yelling 'Time to die' Disturbing footage has been released by Maryland police showing the moment an officer had to shoot a man armed with a knife who was yelling "Time to die." The police had been responding to a report of a disturbance, and while nobody was killed, the footage shows how quickly the situation escalated.
1:00 Crazy customer gets punched out of Steve Madden store When a Steve Madden store in Florida had to close its doors due to apparent technical difficulties, one angry customer couldn't understand and things escalated into a physical confrontation. Radio host and personality Andy Slater of 940 WINZ was nearby and caught the entire thing on camera.
:42 The breathtaking views from the world's highest bridge China's Yunnan and Guizho provinces are connected by the world's highest bridge. Sitting almost 2,000 feet in the sky, this newly opened structure really tests drivers' abilities to deal with dizzying heights.
:38 Thieves use a giant forklift to steal an ATM Security footage from a Texas credit union shows thieves using a giant forklift to make off with an entire ATM. They allegedly stole the forklift from a nearby construction site.
Nets general manager Sean Marks, whose team finished the season an NBA-worst 20-62, will spend the summer trying to make them better. But from the stars to the coach, the Nets will spend the offseason trying to make themselves better.
“We're obsessed with that as a staff, one-through-15: How can we get those guys better?'' coach Kenny Atkinson said. “I'm sure I have a wish list that's Utopian, but where we are we have to keep taking a lot of pride in developing the players we have. … To me, that's your wish list: Get these guys better that are on your roster.”
An 11-13 finish to the season didn't satisfy the Nets or obscure a 9-49 start.
“We believe we can be so much better than that. It's going to take all of us coming together even more, getting out of our comfort zone, and putting in a lot of work this offseason,'' said Brook Lopez, who also pointed to the sizable performance team, which gives the Nets an edge in training most clubs don't have.
“We need to be better defending the rim, we need to be better shooters, need to be better passers. A lot of that being a better passer falls on me in terms of making better reads in our system,'' said Jeremy Lin, adding the Nets need to rely on work before reinforcements.
“That doesn't necessarily mean we need to go out and get all these things. Will we try and improve the roster? Yeah I'm sure. … But we understand we could create that ourselves. Rim protection or deflections or activity or better shooting, if you work at it, you can get a lot better at these things.”
Defending the rim? The Nets contested the most shots in the league (71.3), but were 18th in blocks (4.7). Better shooters? They attempted the fourth-most 3-pointers (31.6), but had the fifth-worst percentage (33.8). Better passing? They were second-worst in both turnovers (16.5) and assists-per-turnover (1.29).
From Caris LeVert improving their 3-point shooting (“This offseason definitely will be huge for that,” they said) to Rondae Hollis-Jefferson bulking up to play power forward (“It's about getting stronger, and then maintaining that strength throughout the season,'' they said) there will be personal improvements.
That includes Atkinson. Lin gushed over Atkinson's development since the start of the season, but the rookie coach knows they have to raise their game.
“That's a great thing about having this opportunity: You realize how far you are from being really good. Communication to in-game stuff, I can't wait until the offseason to improve. I know I have a long way to go,'' Atkinson said. “There are a lot of areas I can get better at, and looking forward to seeking outside help, because I know there are a lot of great coaches out there.
“There are a lot of different ways of improving, all of us, trying to find ways to get better. I have a list on my phone ‘I've got to [call] this guy, got to go see this team, travel to Europe.' That's always been a great chance for me to get better, watching different types of basketball, being around their coaches, players. So I'm excited for developing my game during the offseason.”
How to tell a girl U like them – NAIJA.NG
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Maduro bans opposition parties not taking part in municipal election
Caracas, Dec 10 (EFE).- After voting in the country's municipal elections on Sunday, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro confirmed the threat already leveled by other government officials that opposition parties refusing to participate in the local elections will be prohibited from fielding candidates in the 2018 presidential vote.
“The other parties, Voluntad Popular and Primero Justicia have disappeared from the Venezuelan political map and today disappear completely because any party not participating today and that has called for boycotting the elections cannot participate any more,” Maduro asserted.
Refusing to participate in the vote were the following opposition parties: Accion Democratica, Venezuela's oldest political grouping; Voluntad Popular, headed by imprisoned opposition figure Leopoldo Lopez; and Primero Justicia, headed by parliamentary chief Julio Borges, all of whom claimed that the election was not an independent manifestation of the popular will.
The parties refused to participate in Sunday's municipal elections after denouncing what they said was fraud and numerous irregularities in the Oct. 15 gubernatorial elections, in which Maduro's PSUV party won 18 of the country's 23 governorships, according to official results.
Low turnout marked the municipal vote along with the abstention of opposition parties that refused to participate due to their lack of trust in the National Electoral Council (CNE).
Chavism, the political force behind Maduro's government, was expected to win the mayoral races in 335 of the country's municipalities.
Despite the low turnout in Caracas, EFE was able to determine, Chavistas appeared jubilant on election day and the president of the government-supporting Constituent National Assembly (ANC), Delcy Rodriguez, declared that the election was a sign of a “vigorous democracy” here.
CNE Vice President Sandra Oblitas said during the day that the voting was proceeding “perfectly” and with “calm and happiness,” a sentiment confirmed by the operational chief of the armed forces, Remigio Ceballos.
A total of 19.7 million citizens were eligible to vote at 14,384 voting precincts around the country.
Maduro called upon Venezuelans early Sunday morning to “vote for the future” in the municipal elections, claiming that Venezuela is the “world champion of freedom and democracy” for having held 24 elections since the socialist Bolivarian Revolution was installed under the late Hugo Chavez in 1999,
Maduro called upon the 335 mayors elected on Sunday to meet with them at the Miraflores presidential palace this coming week to draw up a joint plan for providing services and transportation to the public.
They said they believe in “dialogue, the word, in joint work … Let's make a single plan.”
Meanwhile, opposition leader Maria Corina Machado said Sunday that the elections are “a null event” called by the invalid ANC, organized by electoral authorities that are “fraudulent,” adding that Venezuela is a territory “under military occupation.”
“It's not an election,” the leader of the Vente Venezuela political organization said on their Twitter account. “To have the regime depart, we have to set limits to ITS agenda, full of tricks, deceptions … that only seek to cement it in power at any cost. And move forward on OUR route.”
They added in another tweet that “there's no way out without courage, firmness, coherence and transparency,” reiterating that through “civil disobedience, international pressure and a credible and efficacious plan” a “transition” would be achieved, clearly alluding to an eventual change in government.
Vente Venezuela is one of the organizations belonging to the opposition MUD alliance that has expressed its rejection of participating in any election while the CNE is controlled by officials linked to the Maduro government.
Northwestern Zulia state was also holding another gubernatorial election after the winner of the Oct. 15 vote there, government opponent Juan Pablo Guanipa, refused to take the oath of office before the ANC, an all-powerful political entity made up only of Chavistas and called a sham by the opposition.
Thanks to one smart investor — and bitcoin today cresting $16,000 — a big wedding in Indiana just got even bigger.
Bride-to-be Sierra Linarducci's dad is paying for their knot-tying. Earlier this summer, when one bitcoin was worth $4,000, they purchased $10,000 worth of the hot digital currency as a way to defray the cost of the wedding. Since then, bitcoin's value has quadrupled. Now, it's paying for the whole wedding.
"It's so exciting," mother-of-the-bride Jennifer Linarducci told NBC News. "Without bitcoin, we would have been a little more nervous and think 'Oh my gosh, how are we going to do this?' But with bitcoin we're like 'We can do this! We can handle this!''"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How betting on Bitcoin is turning big profits 1:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Newlyweds-to-be Brad Lee, 32, and Sierra, 24, who met at Indianapolis Motor Speedway where Brad works in IT and Sierra was an intern, can even splurge on a few extras now, like fancier flowers, without worrying as much about the cost. Sierra's father also threw them a surprise bridal shower with 75 guests and a three-course-meal, all paid for in bitcoin. The vendors don't take bitcoin directly, but Linarducci uses a BitPay card that lets customers load bitcoins onto it, then they swipe it at stores just like a credit card.
As bitcoin's price has risen, what was once largely the de facto currency of dark web transactions and those seeking to avoid restrictions and fees on international cash transfers has gone mainstream, including this reporter, who has cryptocurrency investments.
It's also caught the attention of industry leaders who have been sounding the horn that the currency's volatility can burn investors, novice and expert alike, even likening the unregulated virtual money to an investment bubble or Ponzi scheme.
Last week bitcoin dropped 20 percent after hitting $11,000, falling to nearly $9,000. Since then it's recovered and gone on to new heights.
"I could care less what bitcoin trades for, how it trades, why it trades, who trades it. If you're stupid enough to buy it, you'll pay the price for it one day!" JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon told the Institute of International Finance conference in October.
Personal finance experts say that bitcoins are like trading cards or stamps — only worth what the last person will pay for them — and recommend investing no more than you can stand to lose at once, or no more than 5 percent of your portfolio.
Related: What's with all the bitcoin hate?
"It's a gamble. It's a gamble that might give you better upside odds than playing craps in the casino," certified financial planner Ian Weinberg told NBC News.
But some of those who invest in or work with bitcoin technology say the potential of bitcoin, and the transparent, decentralized transaction system underneath, called the blockchain, is only just starting to be tapped.
"We may be witnessing a tipping point where retail and institutional investors have widespread confidence in bitcoin as a store of value similar to gold, art and jewelry," said Salil Pitroda, a senior adviser at private equity firm Francisco Partners and an early investor in Blockchain, a digital asset software company.
"Bitcoin is one application of the blockchain as a trusted, secure, distributed ledger technology that provides many benefits such as greater accessibility, lower cost and increased convenience," wrote Pitroda, who invests in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
For now, regular people are jumping in and cashing out on the wild ride.
"I just feel we're very fortunate and lucky that we're doing it at the right time," bride-to-be Sierra Linarducci told NBC News.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists, but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
The Cavs vowed they would play better after their near-disaster in Game 1 and they backed up their talk, delivering the kind of performance that was routine last season but very rare in 2017.
Love scored 10 straight and drew a charging foul on Lance Stephenson in a span of two minutes as the Cavs opened an 89-70 lead. Irving closed the quarter by draining a 3-pointer over Stephenson and the All-Star made sure Indiana's antagonizing guard knew about it, yapping in their direction long after the horn sounded.
The Cavs still led 109-91 with 6:09 left, but the Pacers ripped off 13 straight points and were within 113-109 when George hit a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left.
It continued a disturbing trend for the Cavs, who have been giving up late, big leads with regularity.
The other hitch for Cleveland was that starting guard J.R. Smith didn't play in the second half because of a left hamstring injury. Iman Shumpert, who sat the opener, replaced Smith and played 20 solid minutes.
Despite losing the opener, Pacers coach Nate McMillian insisted their team hadn't lost any confidence.
“We believe,” they said. “We came in believing, we still believe.”
It just got a lot harder.
TIP-INS
Pacers: Glenn Robinson III returned after missing the past 12 games with a strained left calf. They scored four in nine minutes. … C Al Jefferson was active, but didn't play. He's been out since March 26 with a sprained left ankle. … George has made at least one 3-pointer in 19 consecutive playoff games. … McMillan said the team was told by security officials to stay in their hotel Sunday night while Cleveland police searched for a suspected killer, who randomly murdered an elderly man while posting the shooting on Facebook. … Indiana is 0-9 when dropping the first two games in a series.
Cavaliers: James (357) jumped Magic Johnson (358) for third place in career playoff steals and hopped Robert Parish for eighth in rebounds. … A moment of silence was observed for Robert Godwin Sr., the 73-year-old tragically gunned down by the Facebook assailant. … Stephenson had a strong workout with Cleveland in January before latching on with Indiana, but coach Tyronn Lue said their recent injury issues — groin surgery and an Achilles issue — dissuaded the Cavs from signing him. … James has scored at least 30 points with 10 assists in 13 career playoff games, trailing only Jerry West (14) and Michael Jordan (15).
UP NEXT
After two days off, the series resumes in Indianapolis on Thursday. The Pacers went 29-19 at home during the regular season.
He'll have to face the scales of justice.
A Florida man will go before a judge next month for conking their boyfriend in the noggin with a novelty singing fish, according to a report.
Police on Sunday afternoon responded to the Sebastian home of Gregory Carney and Larry Timmerman after receiving a report of a disturbance, The Smoking Gun reported, citing an arrest affidavit.
The two men were squabbling all day, and Carney decided to “aggravate” their boyfriend by playing with the Big Mouth Billy Bass fish — which belts out tunes such as “Don't Worry, Be Happy” and “I Will Survive,” Timmerman told cops.
They took the bait hook line and sinker, got fed up, and tossed the bass in the trash, according to the report.
Carney fished out the bass, threw it at Timmerman, and struck them in the head, the police report says.
Carney told police that they didn't intend to hit Timmerman, their domestic partner for the past 17 years, the police report said.
Timmerman declined medical attention at the scene and Carney was arrested on a charge of battery domestic violence.
Carney was released on $500 bond and is scheduled for a May 15th court appearance, according to The Smoking Gun.
The Salisbury Police are asking for your help in finding a missing Salisbury teen. 17-year-old David Parker was last seen on April 8 and hasn't been located since. No other details on their whereabouts are known. Parker is white, 6-feet-tall, about 150 pounds, with brown eyes and brown hair. If you have any information on Parker, contact the Salisbury Police or Crime Solvers.
Bond and currency traders on Wall Street are focusing on how the Federal Reserve will factor pending legislative moves, like tax cuts, in their policy measures, according to market participants.
Traders and strategists are expected to keenly watch for references to fiscal stimulus and the threat of market volatility next year in its updated policy statement, which could influence Treasury and dollar-pair trades.
Wall Street is pricing in near certainty of a quarter-percentage point increase to benchmark interest rates at the conclusion of the Fed's meeting on Wednesday, which will be the penultimate one for outgoing Chairwoman Janet Yellen, as Fed Gov. Jerome Powell is set to replace their next year.
Both the U.S. dollar, which has ticked up since hitting a year-to-date low in September, and the flattened Treasury yield curve reflected how widely the move is anticipated.
That said, the unlikely downside risk of a surprisingly dovish Fed, would send the buck and bond yields all swinging wildly, market participants said.
Read: Here's why the Fed will hike interest rates
There was a lot of uncertainty around the U.S. tax reform and its ramifications for monetary policy, as well as the change of the guard at the Fed after Yellen's departure, which could dampen expectations for changes in the so-called “dot plot”, the Fed officials' forecasts for interest rates, said Ward McCarthy, chief financial economist at Jefferies.
“Precedent suggests that FOMC participants will likely update their projections to partially reflect the impact of tax reform, though the full impact—especially on the rate projections—will likely come later,” according to a note from Goldman Sachs published on Friday.
“While we expect four rates hikes next year, we think it's premature to expect the median dot at end-2018 to move up from three,” the note said. Roughly half of the three predicted rate hikes are currently priced in, according to HSBC FX strategists David Bloom and Daragh Maher.
Bond and currency markets could see increased volatility if there were any changes made to the dots. Since the last time the Fed's projections for interest rates were released on Sep. 20, the 2-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD02Y, +0.22% rose more than 50 basis points to 1.81% and the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.02% which measures the buck against a half-dozen major currency rivals, has strengthened somewhat. The move in Treasurys has helped lead to a compression in the yield gap between short-term maturities and long-dated ones, narrowing the gap, or flattening the yield curve, as it is often described.
Given all the unknowns, this could mean a change for the Fed's forward guidance, which has informed trading in the past and has become a de facto policy tool of its own.
One reason the so-called dot plot could shift higher is the recent improvement in readings of inflation. Stubbornly low inflation has been on of the Fed's biggest bugaboos, hovering below its 2% annual target, considered an appropriate level in a healthy U.S. economy. Charged with the mandate of price stability, the Fed tends to move its rate-hike forecasts in line with their expectations for inflation.
A combination of rate hikes and low inflation have stoked worries of a policy misstep by the Fed that could result in further flattening, or an inversion, of the yield curve. An inverted yield curve, where short-dated yields are higher than their longer-dated counterparts, has often been viewed as a precursor to a recession.
Recently, however, core consumer-price data, which strips out the more volatile oil and food prices has improved, leading to some speculation that the Fed might ramp up its pace of rate increases. Core CPI edged higher to 1.8% year-over-year in October after hitting its midsummer lows.
In fact, some analysts are anxious that inflation may accelerate too quickly in 2018, leading the central bank to raise rates more aggressively than it would prefer. Yellen said the Fed should gradually raise rates to avoid rattling markets.
The Fed's efforts to provide guidance has taken some of the drama out of central bank decisions, HSBC's Bloom and Maher said in a note on Monday, adding that it also reduced volatility, for example in the foreign exchange market. Now, however, forward guidance might lose its ability to send a clear message to the market.
“If the internal consensus within the Fed begins to wobble, providing meaningful forward guidance becomes problematic,” Bloom and Maher wrote, saying that this could prevent clarity and cause the Fed-funds rate to move up to a level where there is less consensus that it should rise much further.
“If the Fed, due to the data releases and hike already in place, becomes less confident about the path of future policy then the forward guidance will become either less strident, more opaque, prone to change or less accurate,” they wrote. “This could be one of the catalyst to reintroducing volatility to a low volatility world.”
That could mean the gradual pricing in of policy action could be exchanged for more pronounced reactions by markets.
Image caption Emergency services were called to the field near Boroughbridge at 13:23 BST
A helicopter has crashed in a field in North Yorkshire.
The chopper came down at about 13:20 BST near the town of Boroughbridge.
The area has been cordoned off and police officers are searching the scene. Four fire engines and ambulance crews also attended the crash.
Police said they could not "confirm any information about casualties". The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) said inspectors were on their way to the scene.
Kids' book slammed for featuring Hitler among 'great leaders' An India-based publisher of a children's book has sparked outrage after featuring a book on “Great Leaders” that included a photo of Adolf Hitler on its cover. One outraged organization...
Alaska lawmaker says Jews could've survived Holocaust if they had guns A gun-loving Alaska member of congress suggested that Jews might not have perished in the Holocaust if they had been armed, according to reports. “How many millions of people were shot and...
What moron thought 'Hitler socks' were a good idea? A Polish company is under fire for trying to sell socks that look like Adolf Hitler. The questionable accessories, by socks brand Nanushki, were designed “to bring order in the...
Hitler-worshiping bell to stay fastened atop German church A German village has decided to allow a Nazi-era bell adorned with a swastika and the words “All for the Fatherland — Adolf Hitler” to remain atop a church. In...
How Nazi offspring dealt with their families' hellish histories Imagine discovering that your loving parent is actually a genocidal monster. In the new book “Children of Nazis” (Arcade), out Tuesday, author Tania Crasnianski presents the people who were forced...
Comparing Trump to Hitler will trigger lethal results America is doing OK, isn't it, considering it is run by a Nazi. Considering that for the past year it has been governed by a man who more closely resembles...
Hitler's Mercedes used in Nazi parades up for sale A classic Mercedes once used by Adolf Hitler is about to go up for sale — with proceeds going towards Holocaust education. The 1939 Mercedes-Benz 770K Gross Open Tourer was...
Hitler-themed homework upsets middle school students' parents Parents at a middle school in Gurnee, Illinois, are upset after their kids received a controversial Hitler-themed assignment. One mother said they were “flabbergasted” after they found SpongeBob SquarePants with...
This was Hitler's final meal Hitler had a meager final meal of pasta and tomato sauce before they shot themselves in their Berlin bunker, newly uncovered letters have revealed. The Führer was forced to suffer...
President Donald Trump may soon issue a pardon for former Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
“I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,” Trump said Sunday in an interview with Fox News from their Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where they are on a working vacation.
Trump told Fox News they could issue the pardon - their first as president - in the next few days, if they decide to do so.
Arpaio, the former sheriff of Arizona's Maricopa County and a vocal Trump supporter during the 2016 presidential campaign, spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last summer on Trump's behalf.
Earlier this month they were found guilty of criminal contempt for ignoring a court order to stop detaining suspected illegal immigrants. They face up to six months in prison.
They recently told The Associated Press they aren't seeking a pardon from Trump.
"I was with them since day one, and I am with them until the end. I don't ask them for anything. They can throw me into the swamp and cover me up in garbage, and I'd still support him," Arpaio said in an interview.
Arpaio has been a lightning rod in the national immigration debate for decades and has been praised by immigration hawks for their crackdown on illegal immigration. Activists, however, have criticized Arpaio for conditions in the open-air jail they managed outside of Phoenix known as Tent City.
Should Trump decide to pardon Arpaio in the near future, he'd be exercising their presidential power earlier than their two most recent predecessors. President George W. Bush didn't issue a pardon until December 2002, and President Barack Obama granted their first pardons in December 2010.
If you're looking for a good deal on a convertible Chromebook and you missed the $250 Pixelbook deal, I have a nice alternative for you and it will cost you a lot less money. Best Buy is discounting the 64GB Samsung Chromebook Pro from $599 to $479.99, the lowest price we've seen on a new unit so far.
The original Chromebook Pro's only shortcoming is a terrible non-backlit keyboard that many users have complained about, but if you're not picky or you won't be typing a lot, then the rest of the specs are nice for the price. You'll find a 12.3" 2400 x 1600 touch display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, an Intel Core m3 processor, 2 USB-C ports, a 3.5mm headphone port, and a MicroSD card reader. The laptop flips around and can be used in tent mode or fully folded up in tablet mode, plus there's a built-in pen to draw, annotate, or select things without touching the display with your grubby fingers.
If that sounds good to you, then you can grab one now from Best Buy for $479.99. That's much lower than Amazon, which is asking $597.99 for the smaller 32GB version (that seems to be the first non-backlit version as well). Best Buy says the Pro is on clearance, likely because the new backlit-keyboard version is hitting soon, so I'd keep an eye out on stock if I were you.
BBC Sport follows Wigan fans as they look for another famous FA Cup giant-killing in their quarter-final against Southampton, after knocking out Premier League sides West Ham, Bournemouth and Manchester City in previous rounds.
Available to UK users only.
WATCH MORE: All the goals and all the pain from the FA Cup quarter-finals
Everton boss Sam Allardyce is left feeling "very angry" at their players after they suffered a 5-1 Premier League defeat at Arsenal.
MATCH REPORT: Arsenal 5-1 Everton
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3rd February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The workers were kidnapped in 2014
Indian has confirmed the deaths of 39 construction workers kidnapped by Islamic State militants (IS) in Iraq.
Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj said the DNA of 38 workers matched with bodies found in a mass grave.
Since the kidnapping in Mosul in 2014, the Indian government had always maintained that they were alive.
India was engaged in prolonged efforts for their release and even sought Iraq's help in locating them after Mosul was recaptured last year.
Ms Swaraj added that it was highly likely that the body of the 39th worker had also been found but they said that it was a 70% match.
They confirmed the deaths while speaking in the Rajya Sabha (upper house of parliament) on Tuesday.
Last year, Ms Swaraj had told parliament that there was no evidence that the workers had been killed by IS.
Thirty-one of those abducted were from the northern Indian state of Punjab, while the others came from Himachal Pradesh and Bihar in the north, and West Bengal in the east.
Them announcement immediately caused the hashtag #39Indians to start trending on Twitter and among those who tweeted were Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh and Indian MP Shashi Tharoor.
Skip Twitter post by @capt_amarinder Shattered at the heart-wrenching news from @SushmaSwaraj that the 39 Indians missing in Iraq, most of whom were Punjabis, are dead. My heart goes out to the families who had been living in hope since their reported abduction by ISIS in 2014. Prayers with all of them. — Capt.Amarinder Singh (@capt_amarinder) March 20, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @ShashiTharoor Sad news of the confirmation of the deaths of 39 Indians in Iraq. Thoughts & prayers are w/their families. But why did the Govt give false hope to the nation for three and a half years that the people were still alive? That was disappointing behaviour. — Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) March 20, 2018 Report
In 2014, India had issued a travel advisory telling its citizens to not travel to Iraq, and those already there to leave.
India has been active in negotiating the release of other citizens captured in the Middle East. A group of 46 Indian nurses were freed in July 2014 by IS after being trapped in Iraq for more than a week.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man had their watch stolen in a “frightening” knife-point robbery on board a train near Elmers End.
The reported victim of the shocking on-board incident was sitting watching something on their iPad when they confronted by a man who allegedly flashed a knife.
They handed it over fearing for their safety on the 9.40am train near the south London station.
Detectives are now searching for the suspect and have released an image of a man they want to speak to in relation to the crime on June 14 this year.
Police said the victim, a man in their 30s, was sat watching something on their iPad before another man walked over to them and sat opposite.
The alleged robber then demanded the commuter hand over their watch as they flashed a large knife and threatened the victim.
The victim handed over their watch, fearing for their safety, BTP said.
Detectives have released an image of a man they wish to speak to in relation to the robbery.
They believe the man shown in this CCTV image from a tram may have information which could help them investigate.
DC Richard Osborn from BTP, said: “This was a frightening ordeal for this victim who was forced to hand over their watch after being threatened with a large knife.
“We will never tolerate knife crime on the rail network and are working hard to identify the person responsible.
“I would ask anyone who was on board the train at the time, or recognises the man in this CCTV, to get in touch as soon as possible. You might hold very important information which could help us investigate this robbery.”
Anyone with information should contact BTP by sending a text to 61016 or by calling 198 of 14/06/2018. Or you can ring Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Hey, did you read that story about Monica Lewinsky getting offered a high-level job in the Trump administration? Or that Kanye West is actually a white kid from just outside Boise? It's true. Has to be. Says so right here on my Facebook FB, -1.12% page. Like! Share!
Actually, no. Please don't. Those aren't real news stories. In fact, they're not even real fake news stories. They might as well be, though, because they aren't any more ridiculous than some of the whoppers that went viral in the past 12 months.
Yes, 2016 was the year fake news went mainstream and, as some — particularly in the Hillary Clinton camp — contend, potentially played a part in deciding the presidency for Donald Trump.
According to BuzzFeed, the top-performing fake election news stories in the final three months of the presidential campaign generated more engagement than the top stories from major news outlets like the New York Times and the Washington Post. In at least one case, the danger of fake news turned very real and almost deadly.
Overall, an Ipsos Public Affairs study showed fake headlines fool American adults 75% of the time.
Since the election, fake news has become the talking point of the moment — but were you paying attention all year? Let's find out.
Take this quiz and see if you can separate the faux “breaking news” developments that gained traction among millions of people this year from the ones we just completely made up:
WASHINGTON: Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman arrived in Washington with the broadcast of their first interview with a western television network still being digested in America.CBS anchor Norah O'Donnell had told Arab News beforehand, and with a degree of understatement, that they thought the 60 Minutes interview would be “newsworthy.”The 26-minute segment was seen by about 10 million people on Sunday night and was among one of the most viewed features that the program has published online.The interview was wide-ranging and tackled a number of big and difficult issues, both domestic and geopolitical.From the anti-corruption crackdown, to women's rights in the Kingdom, the war in Yemen and the threat from Iran, the broadcast provided plenty for the American audience to consider ahead of Tuesday's meeting with their president.For analysts and policy experts, the interview offered a window into how the Saudi delegation may be approaching the visit and the discussions that will be held with Donald Trump and their administration.“His interview on 60 Minutes was clearly intended to kick off their US stay and struck many of the themes we expect to hear repeatedly over the course of their visit,” said Gerald Feierstein, the former US Ambassador to Yemen and director for Gulf affairs and government relations at the Middle East Institute.“How Americans respond will help determine the extent to which the US will be a strong partner, especially in investing in a rising Saudi private sector.”During the interview, the crown prince talked openly about the anti-corruption crackdown, in which a number of business people, princes and former government ministers were detained at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Riyadh in November. They said the move was “extremely necessary” because about $20 billion of state funds was “disappearing” every year.On foreign policy, they said Iran was a clear and present danger to the Middle East and that if Tehran acquired a nuclear weapon then Saudi Arabia would too.Iranian ideology had infiltrated parts of Yemen, where the war and the humanitarian situation there were “truly very painful,” the crown prince said.But it is their radical social reforms at home that are expected to attract particular interest during their US trip. In the interview, they talked at length about reinstating a more moderate Islam, allowing women to drive, opening up the entertainment industry and removing extremist influence from the education system.The crown prince showed a willingness to “address rather directly a number of hot-button issues that Americans still have questions about,” including terrorism, women's status and Yemen, Lori Plotkin Boghardt, a scholar with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, told Arab News.“It's important for Americans to hear from them on these issues; he's set to be king for decades of a very close strategic partner of the United States,” they said.“He seemed to be employing the same approach of reaching out to the youth demographic that he's pursued at home when they appealed to TV viewers to check their smartphones for old photos of the ‘real' Saudi Arabia.”The crown prince was referring to the country before 1979, the year of the Iranian revolution, which they said sparked the shift in Saudi Arabia toward the adoption of a hard-line interpretation of Islam.While the meeting with Trump will be regarded as the highlight of the visit, it is already clear that the crown prince and the US president have a strong and growing relationship.What will be equally interesting will be how they are received on the other legs of the tour, which will include meetings with business leaders in New York, technology entrepreneurs on the West Coast, and religious leaders.Feierstein said Crown Prince Mohammed's challenge during their US tour “is convincing Americans that they represent a new, dynamic face of Saudi Arabia that is reforming economically and socially.”
Modern humans evolved much earlier than previously thought, researchers reported Wednesday.
New discoveries at a rich site in Morocco show modern humans were hunting and probably cooking game animals 300,000 years ago — 100,000 years earlier than scientists have believed until now.
The site, near Morocco's coast and the city of Marrakech, has always yielded interesting human remains, but they'd been dated to around 40,000 years ago.
A Homo sapiens skull is reconstructed from multiple scans of the fossils found in Jebel Irhoud in Morocco. Philipp Gunz / MPI EVA LeipzigReuters
New discoveries and new dating methods show that in fact many of the bones belong to modern Homo sapiens, and they lived as far back as 300,000 or 350,000 years.
The earliest previous Homo sapiens bones date back 195,000 years ago and they're from clear across the continent, in modern-day Ethiopia.
Taken together, the findings show modern humans were dispersed across Africa long before anyone ever thought.
“There was no Garden of Eden,” Jean-Jacques Hublin, a researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany who has been working at the site for decades, told reporters.
Related: Mastodon Bone Findings Could Upend Our Understanding of American Pre-History
Instead, they said, modern humans arose across Africa.
Back then, the Sahara desert wasn't such a barrier and people could have crossed north Africa much more easily, Hublin and colleagues argued.
The site has been under excavation since the 1960s, but a team recently found a new layer, along with flint tools that had been heated by fire. Pieces of bone and skull from five different people are among the new finds.
An almost complete adult mandible discovered at the Jebel Irhoud site in Morocco. Jean-Jacques Hublin / MPI EVA via EPA
Writing in the journal Nature, Hublin and colleagues argue the skulls belong to clearly modern humans, even if the head shape is a little longer and narrower than those of modern people. As with all scientific discoveries, they are throwing out the evidence for debate and discussion. No single story is ever the last word on any issue.
The team dated tools and bones to between 300,000 and 350,000 years ago.
Related: Early Homo naledi may have buried dead in caves
“This evidence makes Jebel Irhoud the oldest and richest African Middle Stone Age hominin site that documents early stages of the Homo sapiens clade,” they wrote.
Along with the human remains are bones of gazelles, zebras, wildebeest and other prey animals, as well as leopards and lions.
“Thanks to improvements in dating techniques, particularly in luminescence dating, this layer, from which all the specimens had been excavated, is now revealed to be approximately twice as old as previously thought,” Chris Stringer and Julia Galway-Witham of Britain's Natural History Museum, who were not involved in the research, wrote in a commentary.
Related: Pre-Human Lucy Climbed Trees
“We agree with Hublin and colleagues that the Jebel Irhoud fossils now represent the best-dated evidence of an early ‘pre-modern' phase in H. sapiens evolution.”
Excavations at the Jebel Irhoud site in Morocco. Shannon McPheroon / MPI EVA Leipzig via Reuters
It's not so easy finding ancient human remains. Unless they are preserved somewhere dry — like the deserts of north and east Africa — not much is left of anything after tens of thousands of years. Finds are rare and each one must be studied intensively to provide evidence about the many species of pre-humans and early modern humans that populated the world.
Stringer and Galway-Witham also agree that Homo sapiens probably continued to evolve a bit while remaining the same species. Brains grew and changed and intelligence probably did, too, they said.
It's the latest astonishing find that rewrites the history of early humans. Earlier this year a team argued they had found evidence that either modern humans or pre-humans were in North America 150,000 years ago.
When bureaucrats die and go to heaven, the most favoured few are ushered into the presence of the Almighty, who — as a sign of divine appreciation — bestows a beatific smile and directs them to a cloud marked “Brexit.”
That's because, while normal humans view the whole question of Britain leaving Europe as a big, boring, incomprehensible puzzle, to the bureaucratic mind the megasaurus-sized tangle of impenetrable prose and convoluted regulatory billibumphery is like 365 days of Christmas. They contemplate the decades of torturous decrees imposed on innocent Europeans and weep tears of joy.
To those still labouring away in earthly halls, perhaps the most perplexing challenge among the many puzzles of Brexit is the question of Ireland. The Irish situation stands out because it is the riddle that can't possibly be solved without a bureaucratic fudge of epic proportions. The positions involved are too contradictory to be compromised, and the forces too adamant to be obscured. It begs to be buried beneath a mountain of obfuscation, but such is the extent of the conflict that it's not clear the planet contains the supply needed to do the job.
The Irish situation stands out because it is the riddle that cannot be solved
Ireland, for the uninitiated, is divided in two: the Republic in the south, and Northern Ireland in the North. The Republic is an independent country, part of the European Union. The six counties of the North are part of Britain. The North is subdivided again between Catholics and Protestants, and between those who would like to join the Republic, versus those who are determined to remain with Britain.
Both of those Northern Irelands voted against Brexit. Britain voted in favour. Even though those in favour won, Northern Ireland wants to stick with European rules anyway, because they carry great benefits. But the dominant faction also wants to remain part of Britain. It wants both: to be in Europe but to be out, even though leaving is what the Brexit referendum was all about.
Complicating matters is the fact that Northern Ireland has no government at the moment. A falling out several months back resulted in the collapse of the uneasy alliance of Catholic and Protestant that emerged when 30 years of bloodshed finally ended in the 1990s. Months of negotiations have failed to end the divide. Sinn Fein, the Catholic portion, would be happy to unite with the Republic. The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), headed by First Minister Arlene Foster, is adamantly pro-Britain.
Both of those Northern Irelands voted against Brexit
It's the DUP that agreed to prop up Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservatives when they miscalculated in calling an election and ended up with a minority government. Without DUP support, the government collapses. When May reached an agreement with the EU on the Irish border question just ahead of this week's key Brexit gathering, a quick phone call from the DUP scuttled it. So Foster can't form an administration in Belfast, but they can pull the strings that control events in London.
Foster insists that whatever happens in Britain must also happen in Northern Ireland. Since Brexit decreed that Britain will leave Europe and set its own rules, that would mean an end to EU regulations. But doing so would mean the return of a “hard border” between north and south, with guards and inspections and perhaps a revival of the tensions that caused the bloodshed of “The Troubles.” No one wants that.
May tried to skirt the issue with the EU agreement that the DUP vetoed. On Friday they tried again, reaching a pact that doesn't solve the situation but pledges to settle it later. May guaranteed to avoid a hard border, and pledged that, if no compromise could be found, Britain would take whatever steps are necessary to keep the North and South happy. They just doesn't know what those might be.
The complications do not end there though
That was enough for European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker, a man with a fine understanding of the dark arts needed to keep Europe's capitals from one another's throats. Ireland's Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told an interviewer “we have got a caste-iron guarantee from the British government that under no circumstances will we see a hard border. That was at the core of what we wanted.” Foster grumbled, but agreed, for now.
The complications don't end there, however. In Scotland, separatist leaders who lost a referendum on quitting Britain in 2014 have been following Irish developments with keen eyes. Like the Irish, Scots voted overwhelmingly to stay in Europe. If Ireland gets special treatment, declared Scottish Nationalist Party leader Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland should get some too. “A UK government that is able to say that come what may, it will avoid hard borders with Ireland/NI after Brexit can never again tell Scotland that independence would mean a hard border between Scotland and UK,” they tweeted.
And if Scotland and Ireland both get cushy deals, Wales won't be far behind, raising the prospect of Britain leaving the EU, except for three major regions that don't want to. Even tiny Gibraltar got into the act, reminding London that “We can't forget that thousands of people will need to be able to continue to freely cross the frontier between Gibraltar and Spain after Brexit — it's not all about the border with Eire!”
May is now committed to solving this puzzle, with no real idea how and a shaky hold on their own job. And the clock is ticking, as other EU leaders pointedly reminded them ahead of this week's gathering.
As Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar grumbled: “It's 18 months since the referendum, it's 10 years since people who wanted a referendum started agitating for one, sometimes it doesn't seem like they've thought all this through.”
National Post
Twitter.com/kellymcparland
Follow @insidefutbol
Liverpool winger James Milner has told their team-mates not to let the draw against Everton halt their momentum as they prepare for a busy Christmas schedule.
The Reds were held to a 1-1 draw by their Merseyside rivals on Sunday as a late penalty from Wayne Rooney denied the host the three points that they were looking for.
Liverpool were left disappointed at drawing a game they felt they should have won, but they remain fourth in the Premier League table.
Former Manchester City man Milner insists that while the result on Sunday was less than satisfactory as a whole for the squad, they shouldn't let that affect their momentum as they work through a busy festive period.
“We had enough situations and enough chances to win the game, and other situations where it didn't result in a clear-cut chance but that was down to a wrong decision or quality on the final ball”, Milner told the BBC.
“We're getting into those situations. I thought we played pretty well most of the game.
"One situation went against us, one decision, and we have to bounce back now.
“There are a lot of games coming up so we have to make sure that [result] doesn't halt the momentum.”
The Reds are scheduled to play as many as five games between 13th to 30th Decemberm starting with a Premier League match against West Brom at Anfield.
They then travel to Bournemouth at the weekend.
‘A Million Ways to Die in the West' is a worthy Western sendup How nasty is the 1882 frontier in “A Million Ways to Die in the West”? So brutal that a schoolmarm “got their throat slit by a fast-moving tumbleweed.” So savage...
Seth MacFarlane and their writers name their 5 most offensive jokes The new movie “A Million Ways to Die in the West” promises to be a bit different from the typical Hollywood Western. For one, John Wayne never made shadow puppets...
MacFarlane's bad acting in gory new trailer for 'A Million Ways to Die' There are tons of raunchy humor and more than a little gore in the just-released red band trailer for the R-rated Western spoof “A Million Ways to Die in the West,''...
The biggest blockbusters hitting theaters this summer By Hollywood's reckoning, summer begins in less than a month. Here are trailers for some of the season's biggest movies. ‘The Amazing Spider-Man 2' (May 2) Andrew Garfield's Spidey kicks...
Investors shell out $115M for Hermès building on Madison Ave. The exquisite Madison Avenue building rented by Hermès has a new owner. Ben Ashkenazy and Michael Alpert's Ashkenazy Acquisitions has just paid $115.17 million for the four-story building at Madison...
$290M deal for Marriott East Side in the works A couple of Big Apple real estate investors are checking into an East Side hotel. Ashkenazy Acquisitions is in contract to buy the New York Marriott East Side for roughly...
Stonehenge was built as part of a fertility cult with the stones positioned to cast phallic shadows inside the monument during Midsummer, a new study suggests.
Professor Terence Meaden, an archaeologist, examined nearly 20 stone circles throughout Britain, filming their changing silhouettes during sunrise on ritually significant dates of the year.
Experts already knew that the 6,000-year-old Neolithic monuments were aligned on the solstices, but it is the first time it has been suggested that the orientation of the stones was specifically designed to create a “moving spectacle”.
Meaden said the builders of Stonehenge, in Wilts, and other megalithic circles, had created a “play without words” in which one special stone cast a growing phallic shadow which penetrated the egg-shaped monument before hitting a central “female” stone symbolizing fertility and abundance.
The circular shape of the monuments allowed the same “play” to recur at important dates in the Neolithic farming calendar, they believe. “My basic discovery is that many stone circles were built at a time of a fertility religion, and that stones were positioned such that at sunrise on auspicious dates of the year phallic shadows would be cast from a male-symbolic stone to a waiting female-symbolic stone,” said Meaden.
“At Stonehenge on days of clear sunrise the shadow of the externally sited phallic Heel Stone penetrates the great monument in the week of the summer solstice and finally arrives at the recumbent Altar Stone, which is symbolically female. Devised in the late Neolithic this could be a dramatic visual representation of the cosmic consummation of the gods between a sky father and the earth mother goddess.”
Meaden also discovered that a similar light show happens at Drombeg Stone Circle in County Cork where they spent 120 days photographing sunrise at the site, over five years. They found that the “fertility play” occurs on eight dates throughout the year, starting on the winter solstice.
They believe that those eight dates represent important milestones in the farming calendar, which include the solstices – the longest and shortest days of the year – and the spring and autumn equinoxes, when day and night are the same length.
However other experts were less convinced by the theory. Barney Harris, an archaeology doctoral student from UCL said: “If it was so important to cast shadows back into the henge then why not do it during the midwinter sunset as well as at the midsummer sunrise?”
Professor Mike Paker-Pearson, also of UCL, said: “Why would phalli have lintels on top? It's just bonkers.” The research is published in the Journal of Lithic Studies.
The jewelry designer told us she's "excited for all the new creations and challenges this year is going to bring."
USA's Morgan Hurd wins gold in the women's all-around final at their first World Championships, with Canada's Elsabeth Black claiming silver, Elena Eremina of Russia in bronze and Britain's Olympic floor bronze medallist Amy Tinkler finishing 17th.
WATCH MORE: Drama in all-around final as China beat Russia to gold
President Donald J. Trump is meeting with eight retail CEOs this morning to discuss border taxes, trade, and infrastructure spending.
A prime topic of conversation will be pushing back against controversial plans to raise taxes on imports, according to people with knowledge of the meeting.
"This is a plan that we think is risky and unproven," said David French, senior vice president of government relations at the National Retail Federation, the industry's main trade group. "We would urge them to reconsider this approach."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Pres. Trump Attacks Nordstrom for Dropping Their Daughter's Fashion Line 1:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The meeting which started at 10:15 a.m. included Target CEO Brian Cornell, Best Buy CEO Hubert Joly, Gap CEO Art Peck, Autozone CEO William Rhodes, Walgreens CEO Stefano Pessina, J.C. Penney CEO Marvin Ellison, Jo-Ann Stores CEO Jill Soltau and Tractor Supply Company CEO Gregory Sandfort.
Target's CEO told CNBC they expected a "productive meeting."
The retailers are also on Capitol Hill to press their case with elected representative on other issues, including reducing corporate taxes.
"Retailers are in Washington meeting with both members of Congress and President Trump because they are on the front lines of the consumer-driven U.S. economy," said David French, SVP of government relations for the National Retail Federation, in a statement to NBC News.
"Currently, the House proposal for a border adjustment tax would drive up prices paid by American consumers, significantly impact the consumer spending that makes up two-thirds of our nation's economy and threatens tens of millions of jobs supported by the retail industry."
Trump's relationship with retailers has been on the rocks lately after several have trimmed their Trump product lines for performance concerns.
In particular, the president slammed Nordstrom on Twitter after it announced it wasn't buying their daughter Ivanka Trump's clothing line for the next season.
U.S. retail sales rose more than expected in January and the consumer price index, a key measure of inflation, saw its largest increase in four years, according to government figures.
iOS 11 now lets you review iMessage conversations for oversized, storage-hogging attachments, and to auto-delete old, dead conversations. Here' how to use the new features.
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
In a conservative county, many members of the LGBTQ+ community felt as if they had to relocate to live as their true selves. At 17, Stockton native Jonathan Lopez struggled as they came out to friends and family. Their traditional Catholic mother and their homophobic ex-husband ultimately presented an ultimatum: ‘If you live in our home, you can't be gay.'
With that, Jonathan hit the streets during their senior year at Lincoln High School, couch hopping and staying at safe houses. “When your parents reject you, you rebel against the world,” Jonathan says. And with no local resources to help them navigate, Jonathan spent the next few years in an abusive relationship, practicing self-destructive behaviors.
This lack of local support affected thousands in the community, driving Nicholas Hatten, founder and Executive Director of San Joaquin Pride Center, to return to their hometown of Stockton from the Bay Area. After working as a political consultant for Congressman Jerry McNerney, Nicholas was re-introduced to their roots, and many inspiring, upward-moving LGBT+ individuals.
“I began vocalizing the need for more resources in San Joaquin County,” Nicholas explains. It wasn't until Oprah's last show that they realized this was their fight. “She said, ‘You control your destiny,' and I instantly realized this was something I needed to do myself.” Nicholas connected with Riley JohnDonnell, organizer of Stockton's first Pride Festival in 1992. Together they threw an event that raised $16,000 and ultimately secured the founding of San Joaquin Pride Center (SJPC).
“We decided from the start that this would be a resource for the entire county,” Nicholas explains. “That's why a central Stockton location—with public transportation access throughout San Joaquin—was a necessity.”
In 2011 the center opened its doors on Weber Avenue and Sutter Street, in hopes to create a safe place—offering peer groups, a library, free internet, and like-minded people. However, the need for mental health services quickly became apparent, and Nicholas began chasing funds to create additional programs. “We realized in that first year that we weren't prepared to serve fully.”
As SJPC worked to expand they teamed with Elena Kelly of Transgender Alliance to provide things like name change services and new clothing, and focused on fundraising opportunities like the Stockton Pride Festival that welcomed a whopping 4,000 attendees in its first year.
“One of the Pride Festival's major pulls is the drag show,” Jonathan adds with a smile. And if it weren't for this feature, they most likely wouldn't be sitting in front of me today, representing the center and the festival—as head of the Entertainment Committee, and the Youth Outreach Director.
Jonathan's made quite a name for themselves as Hellen Heels, a Drag Queen performer that dazzles crowds on the weekly, from Sacramento to San Francisco. And during the day, Jonathan visits local public schools and organizations to spread cultural awareness, and share their story.
“When I came out, my mom didn't know or understand. They had no exposure or access to information, and didn't know what to do or think… or how to support me.” And though Jonathan mended their relationship with their mother years ago, they harness their experience to ensure that San Joaquin youth are provided with an outlet, and that families are educated in sensitivity and acceptance.
6th Annual Stockton Pride Festival
Aug. 26, 11 AM – 6 PM
Weber Point, 221 N. Center St., Stockton
Enjoy a family experience that offers outstanding live entertainment, performances, a children's hour, food, shopping, and over 150 exhibitors showcasing community resources!
March for Equality
Aug. 26, 10 AM
*For More Information: StocktonPride.com
*Editor's Note: In April, SJPC was awarded a $1.8 Million grant to fund its LGBT+ Youth Program—Cultivating Acceptance—operating under the California Reducing Disparities Project, funded by the Mental Health Services Act (MHSA) and administered by the California Department of Public Health, Office of Health Equity. This means leaps and bounds for Nicholas, Jonathan, and SJPC. “In the next six months we plan to have our full clinical services up and running, one on one support, counseling services, substance abuse support, a probation program, and counseling for transgender individuals,” Jonathan adds.
Learn More:
San Joaquin Pride Center
109 N. Sutter St., Stockton
(209) 466-7572
SjPrideCenter.org
Naas gardai are investigating the circumstances of a road accident involving a teenage boy yesterday in the Straffan area.
It is understood that the boy, aged sixteen, was cycling and sustained serious injuries at Oughterard when their bicycle was struck by a car.
The boy is being treated at Beaumont Hospital.
Image copyright Flux-Edmonds family Image caption Keziah Flux-Edmonds was found unconscious next to the remains of the family's two dogs
A six-year-old girl who was murdered by their father was "let down" by the ambulance service after its sat-nav system led to a delay in their care, their mother has said.
Keziah Flux-Edmonds was drowned in a bath at their Isle of Wight home by their father Darren, 44, in June last year.
Them mother Nikki said the ambulance sat-nav was not updated and sent the crew to a closed road.
Isle of Wight NHS Trust said its ambulances now had new systems.
Image caption Nikki Flux-Edmonds said they did not hate their husband
Mrs Flux-Edmonds, of East Cowes, said they called emergency services after receiving a text from their husband, who also killed the family dogs before killing himself.
"They were let down by the fact that [the ambulance crew's] satellite navigation couldn't get to me and their central hub sent them down a wrong road that had been closed for over three years," they said.
They added: "Fifteen to 20 minutes makes a big difference in a little girl's life."
Although they praised paramedics, Mrs Flux-Edmonds said: "I'm concerned that this should not happen to anybody else in the country.
"They shouldn't be at risk because they can't be found."
Image copyright Flux-Edmonds family Image caption Mrs Flux-Edmonds said their daughter Keziah had been a "child full of happiness"
Isle of Wight NHS Trust said it had recorded a 12-minute response time.
It added: "There was a small delay due to the new roads not being on the system.
"Since this incident all Isle of Wight Ambulances have been fitted with new satellite navigation systems."
Image copyright Flux-Edmonds family Image caption Darren Flux-Edmonds killed themselves at the family home in Cromwell Avenue, East Cowes
Mrs Flux-Edmonds they did not hate them husband.
"I hate what they did but I don't hate him," they added.
"I hurt every single second of the day that [Keziah's] gone - I miss them beyond words, but no, I have no bad feeling at all because something must have been majorly wrong for it to happen."
A Serious Case Review found Mr Flux-Edmonds had told a therapist they had dreamed of murdering the girl and their wife of 12 years.
It also concluded Keziah's death could not easily have been prevented.
RENTON, Wash. — Before they left town a few weeks ago after working out for the Seahawks, Brandon Marshall picked up a little bit of Seattle-related gear at the airport.
They were that confident an opportunity to continue their career was going to happen with the Seahawks.
“I went in there and bought a couple of things, some shirts, socks because I knew that moment was going to happen. I felt good about the workout,” Marshall said.
Marshall became the latest addition to the Seahawks when they signed a one-year deal Wednesday and was immediately on the field as Seattle continued its second week of OTAs. Marshall displayed some of that gear they bought when they announced on social media their intent to sign with the Seahawks.
Their work was limited in their first day, understandably, but it was a sign of how quickly Marshall wants to get this latest — maybe last — phase of their career started.
Marshall is coming off an abbreviated 2017 season where they were limited to five games with the New York Giants due to an ankle injury that required surgery. They were due to make $5 million this season with New York but was released by the Giants in mid-April. At age 34, Marshall said they didn't have many options after they were released.
“I think the sentiment around the league is that I'm done. And I get it, rightfully so, when you get on the other side of 30 and your production slips and you have a big injury. People count you out,” Marshall said. “It was an interesting process. It was a humbling process.”
While Marshall had their ankle repaired surgically, they also had surgery on their toe for an injury suffered during the 2015 season while with the New York Jets. The combination of procedures extended Marshall's recovery, and it was only just before being released by the Giants that they were able to progress beyond just rehabilitation from the surgeries.
Marshall said they were originally going to wait until they retired to have the toe surgery.
“That's the thing that took the longest. Right when I was released from the Giants, probably a few days later I was able to run pain free. I was able to run routes and do things and train while rehabbing, but it wasn't pain free. … I've been working ever since. I feel good. I don't feel great. Obviously I've got a lot of catching up to do.”
Getting Marshall to Seattle is the fulfilment of a wish coach Pete Carroll had early in their tenure with the Seahawks. At that time, Marshall was in the prime of their career and Seattle wanted to make a show of its lakefront practice facility by bringing them in on a seaplane for the visit.
“We flew them into the dock or something like that. It was crazy,” Carroll recalled. “We went all out. It didn't work out. We've had our eye on them for a long time because of their style of play. Very aggressive. Can be the big receiver in the offence and their playmaking has always been something we've kept our eye on.”
The question for Seattle and Marshall is what kind of role they can play now. Carroll has made it clear this off-season that the team is going to be rededicated to the run, but Marshall could certainly be a desired red zone target thanks to their 6-foot-4 frame and the absence of another player like them on the roster.  They are three years removed from being a second-team All-Pro in 2015, when they caught 109 passes and 14 touchdowns with the Jets.
Marshall said they had a very candid conversation with the Seahawks during their visit.
“The process they take you through in terms of the screening process is worse than the TSA line,” Marshall said. “They did their due diligence to say the least and really broke down everything since I've been in the league and had some great conversations, some transparent conversations, some challenging conversations and I had to answer some tough questions.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
The younger Ball brothers are headed from the bright lights of Los Angeles to a remote village across the Atlantic.
LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball have signed professional contracts with Lithuanian basketball club Prienu Vytautas, The Vertical reported Monday. The brothers will join the club in early January, each on one-year deals.
The Balls entered this unconventional path to the NBA draft, or so their father hopes, after LaVar Ball pulled LiAngelo out of UCLA last Monday because they no longer wanted to wait for the first-year student's indefinite suspension for shoplifting to be lifted. The move meant LiAngelo joined LaMelo under the family roof, after LaVar took the high school junior out of Chino Hills High in October over a disagreement with the basketball coach.
The Vytautas deal comes just a week after the brothers signed with agent Harrison Gaines, who also represents Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball, with the hope of finding a joint playing opportunity overseas. LaVar has made it clear they plan for LiAngelo, 19, to enter the 2018 draft. LaMelo is 16.
Vytautas, which has had just one American on its roster in the past decade, is interested in the marketing advantages of signing LiAngelo and LaMelo, according to ESPN. The brothers, both guards, have become household names because of Lonzo's rise to the NBA and LaVar's loud family promotions. The Lithuanian club, located in a town with a population of about 10,000, has been struggling financially as well as on the court, where it's gone 4-8 in the Lithuanian league so far this season.
The Ball brothers are more likely to play in the less competitive Baltic League with Vytautas and see about 20-to-25 minutes of playing time each game. That team is 4-0 this season.
CTV Ottawa
Registered dietician nutritionist Susan Macfarlane shares recipes for ten things you can do with a can of beans.
Susan Macfarlane at Nepean Sports Medicine & Physiotherapy Centre
Tel: 613-727-5755
Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
STREETSBORO, Ohio — Authorities say a 13-year-old boy has fatally shot their 11-year-old brother in suburban Cleveland, and police are describing the shooting as an apparent “premeditated act.”
Streetsboro police say officers were called to a home around 9:30 p.m. Monday. The 11-year-old died at a hospital.
Police say the 13-year-old has been charged with aggravated murder in Portage County Juvenile Court. Police say the gun used in the slaying was stolen from their grandfather's home.
Police have not said what prompted the teen to shoot their brother.
Streetsboro is roughly 30 miles (48 kilometres) southeast of downtown Cleveland.
Coming-of-age movies have usually been all about boys, even when their main characters were girls: They were either about guys and their problems (“The Outsiders,” “Diner”) or about girls and...
Eric Abidal excited to be re-signing for Barcelona
Tribal Football
Former Barça player Abidal was at the club between 2007 and 2013 and told the Barça TV "it's a joy to return to officially form part of the club. We had been talking for a while and now today it's gone through." Abidal added that "as ambassador I am …
and more »
St George's Cross will be waving in the wind on St Peter's Hill, Grantham, on Sunday as the town marks St George's Day with the traditional family fun day and scouts parade.
Families are invited along to St George on the Green, a family fun day organised by the Grantham Carnival and Events Group.
Scouts parade to mark St George's Day.
It is an annual event – on between 10am and 4pm – which is supported by South Kesteven District Council.
Events group chairperson Roy Wright said: “This Sunday is not just a day of music, dancing, stalls, food, etc, but a day that helps to bring the community together in celebration of our patron saint George.
“It's part of our heritage and a tradition that needs to survive.”
The family fun day, on the green, will feature: live music by Octovox and Craig Martini; dancing displays by the Maids of Clifton clog dancers, Allington Morris, the Beth Cresswell School of Dance and the Grantham School of Dancing; refreshments served in a marquee; fairground rides; and stalls to browse.
St George on the Green: Maids of Clifton
There will also be a craft fair in the Guildhall Arts Centre ballroom.
Further entertainment will be provided by the popular St George on their dragon.
In the afternoon will be the popular St George's Day parade organised by the Grantham and District Scouts, which this year will take an adapted route due to reduced resources provided by Lincolnshire Police as marshals.
Scout groups will gather at the car park behind The Tollemache Inn, in St Catherine's Road.
St George on the Green: Allington Morris Dancers
The parade will form at 2pm, setting off at 2.20pm and travelling along St Peter's Hill in front of the Guildhall. It will make its way down the High Street to St Wulfram's Church. A service will take place at the church at 3pm and then the parade will return via Elmer Street North and South, to be dismissed at about 4.30pm.
The salute will be taken by the Mayor of Grantham and civic dignitaries on St Peter's Hill after the service, on the return to the car park in St Catherine's Road.
** Entertainment programme:
11.30am: Maids of Clifton Clog Dancers
Noon: Beth Cresswell School of Dance
12.40pm: Maids of Clifton Clog Dancers
1pm: Octovox
1.45pm: Grantham School of Dancing
Break for the scouts parade
2.45pm: Allington Morris
3.05pm: Craig Martini
3.25pm: Allington Morris
3.45pm: Craig Martini
Investors are flailing in this stock market environment, and there's a clear reason why.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.74% today fell 1.7%, and the S&P 500 Index SPX, -1.34% declined 1.3%. Industrial, materials and technology shares led the market lower as the 10-year Treasury yield briefly rose to 3% level for the first time in four years.
The combined efforts of global central banks to support asset prices for years on end have been turned on their head. As recently as September, central banks were buying $60 billion of global assets every month. Today, they're effectively selling $30 billion a month. That's a $90 billion differential in seven short months.
The big buyer at the other end of the table is no longer supporting global asset prices with fabricated demand. Instead, central banks are now removing liquidity from the global financial system and, in doing so, wreaking havoc on complacent buy-and-hold investors.
Read: Here's why stock-market investors are focused on a 3% 10-year Treasury yield
No safe havens
What's worse, this is happening on the heels of a global asset bubble in stocks, bonds and real estate. There are no safe havens in any of those asset classes, and everything that benefited from central bank stimulus efforts is subject to a correction.
In every respect, buy-and-hold strategies are dead for the foreseeable future.
Investors should not act like a deer in the headlights. The driving force behind the market today is exactly the same as what it was for years. Liquidity matters most to asset prices — it still does — the only difference is that the amount of liquidity has changed dramatically. This will cause asset prices to correct themselves. The market is absolutely set up for a crash.
Trading, not investing
Where is the opportunity?
Although investors are feeling the pain, this volatility presents exceptional trading opportunities for proactive investors. The markets are moving aggressively in both directions, and when that happens, trading opportunities are ample.
In this type of environment, rules-based strategies are best. However, using a subjective approach is not a good idea because it could cause emotions to run high and mistakes to be made. Investors will need strategies that have been proven to work in volatile conditions.
One such strategy is our Sentiment Table Strategy. (Click here and scroll to the bottom right to see an example.) It is designed to embrace volatility, but it is not without its nuances. The lack of volatility in 2017 was a problem for this strategy. It did not fire a single trading alert during the entire calendar year because there was not enough volatility to cause an overbought or oversold condition to surface.
This year, however, that has changed. Where there were no trading signals last year, there have been eight so far this year. The strategy has identified overbought and oversold market conditions, and the rules associated with the strategy have resulted in a gain of about 15% on those eight trades. It trades only ETFs based on the Nasdaq 100 Index NDX, -2.10% Those are ProShares UltraShort QQQ QID, +4.05% and ProShares Ultra QQQ QLD, -4.25% The rules are fact-based and free of emotion.
Upcoming crash
Investors need to protect their portfolios from what is likely to be a market crash. The crash may not happen today or tomorrow, but without global central bank support, asset prices that have been buoyed by fabricated demand will reprice themselves based on natural supply and demand.
Natural demand levels are defined by The Investment Rate, and in addition to the material shifts we are seeing in global central bank liquidity, The Investment Rate also tells us that we are in the third major down period in U.S. history, just like the Great Depression in the 1930s and stagflation in the 1970s. (Click here for a full definition.) This is based on natural demand, demographics and ingrained societal norms, not on recent economic data. Therefore, not only are we faced with shifts in central bank liquidity, but natural demand levels are far lower.
Either way, the conclusion is the same. Rules-based strategies are best, and investors who cannot be proactive should protect everything they own.
Thomas H. Kee Jr. is a former Morgan Stanley broker and founder of Stock Traders Daily.
Image copyright Google Image caption The fire also caused £25,000 damage at Carmarthenshire council's Ty Elwyn offices
A teenage arsonist who caused a power cut and £100,000 of damage when they set fire to an electricity sub station has been jailed for two years.
Alisha Dan, 18, of Llanelli, and another girl, 16, were arrested near the scene of the blaze on Old Castle Road on 13 November.
Swansea Crown Court heard the fire spread to Carmarthenshire council offices before it was extinguished.
Dan admitted arson being reckless as to whether life would be endangered.
The 16-year-old girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, admitted the same offence and was given a two-year youth rehabilitation order.
Craig Jones, prosecuting, said a man spotted smoke coming from the substation at about 22:00 GMT and saw two girls nearby.
'Feral youths'
They alerted a passing police officer and both tried to put out the flames.
The officer stopped the two girls and a check of the younger girl's phone revealed they had sent a text message saying they were going to cause a fire.
The court heard the blaze destroyed the sub-station, causing £72,101 of damage, and caused an electricity black-out in Llanelli town centre.
The flames also spread to the council's Ty Elwyn offices, where a further £25,000 of damage was caused.
Mr Jones said the 16-year-old girl told officers they had taken "street valium" and collapsed in the back of a police car, where officers resuscitated them
The court heard Dan already had a conviction for arson after they set fire to a flat in 2015.
Defence advocates for both girls said they had particularly tragic upbringings.
Sentencing the pair, Judge Geraint Walters said: "This was a wicked act by two feral youths and there was some planning involved."
All babies in Scotland due from tomorrow (August 15) will be gifted a Box full of essential items aimed at tackling inequality and promoting health.
The boxes are a strong signal of the Scottish Government's determination that every child, regardless of their circumstances should get the best start in life.
Each Baby Box contains a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health. The Box itself also doubles up as a safe sleep space, awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for domestic use.
Mark McDonald Minister for Childcare and Early Years said: “We are committed to doing everything we can to give every baby born in Scotland the best possible start in life and the Baby Box is just one of the range of measures we are using to help babies and parents thrive in the crucial early months.
“The Box includes a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health. It can also be used as a safe sleep space and has been awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for use at home.
“We will continue to listen to feedback as the Baby Box reaches more families and work with parents and healthcare professionals to keep the contents under review.
“The national roll-out is the result of months of hard work and engagement with healthcare professionals, stakeholders and parents and I would like to thank everyone involved in helping us reach this momentous occasion.
“The Baby Box has certainly captured the public's imagination and we are extremely proud to introduce it to Scotland.”
Chief Medical Officer Dr Catherine Calderwood said: “All the evidence shows that the early years are crucial for children's development. What happens then can be linked to outcomes much later in life. So we know that measures undertaken in the 0-3 years age range have the opportunity to make the biggest impact.
“That is why we have been working hard to enhance the existing infrastructure available to support families in these crucial early years from before birth all the way up to school age and beyond.
“Over and above the practical benefits the items within the Baby Box provide, the box itself also offers healthcare professionals a unique opportunity to introduce expectant parents to a wide range of health promotion information.”
All babies due on or after 15 August will be eligible for a Baby Box.
The internet is full of useful information, time-wasting social networks, and cat videos. Alongside all of that are the ads, many of which look a lot less like ads these days. As ad blockers have become increasingly popular, websites have made the ads more integral to the content. Computer scientist Arvind Narayanan, along with their colleagues from Princeton and Stanford have developed a new proof-of-concept ad blocker that spots ads more like a human. They call it the “Perceptual Ad Blocker.”
It was Facebook's changes to ads, making them look like other posts, that spurred Narayanan and their team to action. While the ads are now part of the stream to evade ad blockers, Facebook is required to include certain elements for its human users, like privacy controls and text that makes it clear you're looking at an ad. That's too subtle for your average ad blocker, which looks at the code in search of ads.
When you look at a webpage, you can probably pick out things that are ads even if they're styled to look like the rest of the content on the page. You might notice the tiny “sponsored” text some sites use, or the logo of a sponsored link aggregator. For example, many of Facebook's ads are designed to look and behave just like a regular post from your friends. That makes it difficult, if not impossible, for a traditional ad blocker to spot. Perceptual Ad Blocker looks for the same things you would, and uses them to identify ads.
Perceptual Ad Blocker scans a page, looking for container sizes, specific icon graphics, and text like “sponsored” in order to find the ads on a page. It doesn't bother looking at HTML tags when looking for ads, because those can be obscured by sites attempting to thwart ad-blocking.
If you want to take Perceptual Ad Blocker for a spin, you can do so with a Chrome extension. However, this is only a proof-of-concept. It's not really an ad blocker so much as an ad identifier. It simply overlays ads with text that reads “This is an ad.” The team tested Perceptual Ad Blocker on 50 of the top sites known to engage in anti-blocking, and it successfully found the ads on all of them.
Narayanan stops short of calling Perceptual Ad Blocker “undefeatable,” but acknowledges this could be the end of the ad blocker arms race. There are laws that require companies to label ads as such so they do not mislead consumers. An ad blocker that can identify ads like a human would be nearly impossible to circumvent. The code is available for anyone who wants to check it out.
Now read: Protect your online privacy with the 5 best VPNs
Are you a parent or a guardian? Please participate!
We are looking for a parent or guardian of school-aged children (children should be enrolled in K-12) to participate in a research study on the communication of food safety. You will be asked to view a magazine and then answer a few additional questions about your attitudes. The study should take approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour and will be scheduled on a time that is convenient for you. The study will take place in Texas Tech University's Center for Communication Research in the Media and Communications Building. Participation is confidential and you will receive a $50 visa gift card.
For more information or if you are interested in participating, please contact Laura Gorham at laura.gorham@ttu.edu or by phone at 806-834-4741 or the principal investigator Dr. Courtney Meyers at courtney.meyers@ttu.edu.
This study has been approved by the Human Research Protection Program at Texas Tech University.
Suburban apartments are popping up
11030 David Taylor Drive is currently an undeveloped field off West Mallard Creek Church Road but is one of several locations where developers are planning big new, suburban apartment complexes. Even as attention focuses on the high profile sites next to the light rail and uptown office towers, developers are turning their focus to the suburbs, where there's cheaper land and plenty of demand.
The Video Assistant Referee will be used for the first time at a World Cup during Russia 2018. Find out more about how the decisions will actually work – and why people are still criticising the new system
The 2018 World Cup is the first major international football tournament to use the new video refereeing system VAR.
Advertisement
‘VAR' may be familiar to some fans after it was trialled in England during the FA Cup this season, but there is still plenty of confusion about how the system actually works and what decisions video referees can decide on.
The first game to see a major VAR decision came with France v Australia on Saturday 16th June, with France earning a penalty thanks to a video referee referral.
What World Cup matches are on TV today?
Find out more about how VAR will be used during Russia 2018 below, including expert guidance from former Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg, and why ex-England players including Rio Ferdinand and Frank Lampard are still sceptical…
What does VAR stand for?
Video Assistant Referee. The system is football's first attempt at using video technology to aid in refereeing decisions. The idea is to help the on-field official make the right call – and stop them making a howler that could cost a side the game.
The system was trialled in the FA Cup last season, but this will be the first time the technology has been used at a World Cup.
Former Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg, who officiated at the Euro 2016 final, expects that the VAR at the World Cup will be much better than the early trials in England.
“After what happened in the early rounds of the FA Cup, there's a lot of negativity in England around VAR,” they say. “But Fifa have been doing a lot over the past two years, putting training in place to make sure that it's a success.”
How does VAR work?
Four referees sit in a video operation room in Moscow (in full kit) and follow the action live from the stadium on a series of TV screens. Thirty-three different cameras plus two dedicated offside cameras theoretically give them all the angles they could ever need. The referee can communicate directly with the VAR team via their radio microphone.
When can VAR be used at the World Cup?
VAR can only be used in four “match-changing situations”: goals, penalty decisions, red cards and cases of mistaken identity.
This is very important to remember says Clattenburg: “The mistakes using VAR in England were that they were reviewing too many debatable decisions. That's not what the video assistant referees are for. VAR was brought in to stop the scandalous decisions where everybody in football goes, ‘That's not correct'.”
If the ref makes a clear mistake in any of the four situations above, the VAR team will advise the ref to check the call – you should see the ref point to their earpiece to show that he's receiving advice.
If the ref draws a square in the air with their hands, that means the video team are reviewing the incident. The on-field ref can also watch the same replays as the VAR team on a pitch-side screen.
VAR can only advise on a decision: it's up to the official on the pitch to make the final call.
Goals This includes any offences made in the play building up to a goal. Crucially this includes offside decisions. Referee Clattenburg explains that while in the past the decision would have been debatable, with some wanting to give the “benefit of the doubt” to the attacking player, now with technology there is no wriggle room.
“It's very similar to ball over the line. If the ball is a millimetre over the line, it's a goal. If a player is a millimetre offside then he's offside,” they say. “It's a matter of fact.”
The VAR team will superimpose a – hopefully straight – line over the footage in order to work out whether a player is offside or not.
Penalty decisions Any foul in the box will be checked to confirm whether it is a penalty. If the decision is debatable, the VAR team can advise the referee to check the replays on their own screen. Again, the ref's decision is final.
Red cards If a referee has made a decision on a foul but it appears that the offence could be more serious, then the VAR team could ask the ref to check the call. Similarly, the video referee could get in touch with the referee if they think a red card is unduly harsh, as can be seen in the video below.
Even more intriguingly, if the ref has missed a violent play incident off the ball that should result in a straight red, then the VAR can pick up on that and let the ref know, even as play is continuing. Clattenburg says theoretically a player could even be given a red card at half time for an incident earlier in the half.
“If a player commits a violent act and it gets picked up on the TV cameras, then VAR will get to know about it and it will be dealt with,” says Clattenburg.
“If somebody does something stupid like hitting someone off the ball, then they know that will be dealt with. That's why Gareth Southgate has warned their players to be ‘squeaky clean', because they know that if they do something stupid, VAR will punish them.”
Mistaken identity Remember the time English referee Graham Poll booked the same player three times in one match? VAR could step in to sort out the confusion. Similarly if the ref has penalised the wrong person, VAR will let them know they've made a mistake.
What are the criticisms of VAR?
It's still a new system, so both players and fans could be confused about how it's actually being used. Unlike rugby where you can hear the referee's communications, in football it can be hard to tell when a decision is being reviewed.
The VAR footage is set to be shown on the big screen in the World Cup, but Clattenburg says that viewers at home being able to hear the video referee is the obvious next step in order to make things clearer.
“The video referee should be able to speak and help the people understand the decision-making process,” they say. “There shouldn't be any hiding. It should be transparent.”
Also, different people have different ideas about exactly what is meant by a “clear mistake”. If pundits can argue for hours over whether it should have been a penalty or whether a goal was offside, will four refs in a control booth really be able to make things any clearer? Clattenburg says that the system was used too often in the trials in England on debatable decisions, and that in the World Cup they hope the system is restricted to clear mistakes.
However, with referees under fierce spotlight at the World Cup, there is also the danger they could turn to VAR for every major call, disrupting the flow of the game and meaning even more stoppage time.
Clattenburg says that their one big concern – which can't be fixed by better refereeing – is how the VAR system will affect players and how they celebrate a goal: “The only concern I have as a football fan is that as a player scores a goal, we don't want them to be worrying about VAR. You need to see them celebrate, you need to see them enjoy the moment. What I'm scared of is that players will be worried about celebrating because they're thinking about VAR.”
Is VAR ready for the World Cup?
“The technology is ready,” Clattenburg asserts. “It's how it's implemented that will be the key. What I will say is Fifa have spent a lot of money educating the referees; there have been courses and seminars in the build-up to the World Cup. In the past there have been maybe two meetings before the World Cup of all the referees. I understand this time there have been six.”
Other pundits that Radio Times has spoken to are not so sure. “I always loved the fact that the naked eye gives you an immediate decision and causes a debate,” says BBC pundit Rio Ferdinand. “But now we've got technology causing the debate. What have we gained?”
Frank Lampard agrees: “To me, VAR doesn't bode well because it doesn't feel ready. Referees all over the world have a slightly different interpretation of it and what it should be used for. I get that it's intended to rule out huge errors – and, having been on the end of one [his goal against Germany at the 2010 World Cup was wrongly ruled not to have crossed the line], I agree with that. But it's whether they're going to use it to look at every decision. It'll be terrible if we end up talking about VAR instead of some of the world's greatest players.”
Advertisement
Clattenburg disagrees: “I'm confident that Fifa will get it right,” they say. “What they can't get is a situation in the World Cup where everyone is talking about the refereeing decisions. I don't mind talking about VAR, about whether it should or should not have been used. But what we can't have is a scandal that knocks a team out of the World Cup.”
Watch live coverage of all the action on Centre Court at Wimbledon 2018.
This is a live BBC Sport stream of Centre Court
Available to UK users only.
Prop Ryan Sutton hopes they will enjoy this year even more than their Grand Final-winning 2016, but acknowledged they need to improve.
The 21-year-old came off the bench in October's Super League title decider against Warrington, which resulted in them picking up the first winner's medal of their career.
There were some things I did wrong so I need to look at those and progress Ryan Sutton
But with the lessons they and the squad have learned from the experience, they are aiming to add more to their collection next season.
“We know how to do it this year and we need to go into this year and win the other two trophies as well so it's all about progressing,” they told Wigan Today.
“There's a different kind of pressure this year because we have won it with the squad we did last year. To go this year and do it again is always a focus.”
But as well as eyeing silverware, Sutton is keen to improve on last season, in which they established themselves in the pack.
“I had a good season last year,” they acknowledged.
“But there were some things I did wrong so I need to look at those and progress, right from the friendlies.”
Warriors have their first shot at silverware coming up next month when Cronulla Sharks visit the DW Stadium in the World Club Challenge, and Sutton thinks that working on their attack, which came under criticism from some fans last season, will be Wigan's best shot at winning the title for the first time since 1994.
“The last two years against Brisbane, we haven't really played to the best of our ability but this year it's our first chance of getting some silverware,” they said.
“It's about changing what we did last year.
“Our attack wasn't the best last year, everyone can see that, so we have to focus on our attack. We need to keep our defence the best that we can and take that into the first game, Salford, and then look to take it to the Aussies.”
But given Warriors success last season with a squad heavily depleted by injuries, and with a misfiring attack, Sutton is excited by what the team would be capable of with both of those problems out of the way.
“The possibilities are endless,” they explained.
“Our attack wasn't the best and we won the Grand Final. If we sort that we can aim for all three.
“The morale in the camps is really good and we've got all the confidence in the world that we can go out there and do it again.”
Firearm officers working in the capital will be given head-mounted cameras to boost transparency, more than three years after the plans were first mooted.
The Metropolitan Police said officers working for armed response units will have the devices attached to baseball caps and ballistic helmets.
Cameras have already been given to 17,500 officers in the country's largest police force, with the latest tranche seeing 1,000 members of Firearms Command getting the devices.
The plans were first suggested by previous Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe in 2014 in the wake of the death of 29-year-old Mark Duggan.
Sir Bernard said giving firearms officers cameras would result in speedier justice for victims and help the force "be more accountable" in the wake of the death which sparked riots in 2011.
Commander Matt Twist, in charge of the Firearms Command, said: "Officers who carry an overt firearm as part of their role very much welcome the use of Body Worn Video.
"It provides a documented and accurate account of the threats officers face and the split second decisions they make.
"The cameras also offer greater transparency for those in front of the camera as well as those behind it."
Only those officers who carry a firearm overtly will be given a camera, while other units including Mounted Branch, Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection and Specialist Crime Units to be given the devices by October.
London mayor Sadiq Khan said the technology "will make a real difference to those carrying firearms"
They said: "As we complete the London-wide rollout, the cameras will also provide our officers with confidence in the transparency of their actions, as they continue their great work on the front line fighting crime and keeping our city safe."
By IVAN MORENOAssociated Press
MILWAUKEE (AP) - Jurors in the trial of a Milwaukee police officer charged with killing a black man fleeing a traffic stop were expected Wednesday to see footage of the shooting from an officer's body camera.
An officer who witnessed Dominique Heaggan-Brown shooting 23-year-old Sylville Smith after a foot chase will be taking the stand to testify about the Aug. 13 shooting, which sparked riots in a predominantly black neighborhood where it occurred.
Prosecutors charged Heaggan-Brown with first-degree reckless homicide, saying Smith was unarmed on the ground when Heaggan-Brown shot them in the chest. Heaggan-Brown, who is also black, says they believed Smith may have been reaching for a firearm.
Smith had a gun when they ran from police. But prosecutors say video footage will show they had tossed it when Heaggan-Brown fired the fatal shot.
Heaggan-Brown, who was fired in October after being charged with sexual assault in an unrelated case, faces up to 60 years in prison if convicted for killing Smith. At the time of the shooting, Heaggan-Brown had been an officer for three years - a recruit from the Sherman Park neighborhood where the riots occurred.
During opening statements Tuesday, Milwaukee District Attorney John Chisholm called the body camera footage from Heaggan-Brown and another officer the "most essential evidence" jurors will see. Defense attorneys said that same footage will explain why Heaggan-Brown feared for their life when they shot Smith.
On Wednesday, prosecutors began their case by showing photographs of where the shooting happened in a path between two houses. Jurors saw photos of Smith dead and laying on the grass with a bloodied purple shirt. By their feet was a lottery ticket that crime scene investigators found in one of their pockets.
A special agent with the Wisconsin Department of Justice, which investigated what happened, testified about Heaggan-Brown's demeanor after the shooting.
"He seemed emotionally and cognitively present," special agent Raymond Taylor said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
I was barely 12 when I first saw “Rent,” so many nuances of Jonathan Larson's iconic rock opera flew right over my head. “Was that a man or a woman?”...
‘Motown Mansion' contents being sold in auction The 10,500-square-foot house once owned by Motown Records' founder Berry Gordy Jr. will be cleared of its contents in early October.
How Diana Ross' daughter learned their dad was Berry Gordy Blood will out. Which is why — after their Emmy-nominated turn in the soap “Another World” and launching a real estate firm — Rhonda Ross is singing again. Backed by...
If you plan on trying to view the solar eclipse next week, you need to do so with the proper equipment. A once in a lifetime event isn't worth permanently risking your sight! Some glasses that have been passed off as being “NASA approved” in fact, were not. So here's the scoop from NASA‘s website:
“The only safe way to look directly at the un-eclipsed or partially eclipsed sun is through special-purpose solar filters, such as “eclipse glasses” or hand-held solar viewers. Homemade filters or ordinary sunglasses, even very dark ones, are not safe for looking at the sun.”
“If your eclipse glasses or viewers are compliant with the ISO 12312-2 safety standard, you may look at the uneclipsed or partially eclipsed Sun through them for as long as you wish. Furthermore, if the filters aren't scratched, punctured, or torn, you may reuse them indefinitely. Some glasses/viewers are printed with warnings stating that you shouldn't look through them for more than 3 minutes at a time and that you should discard them if they are more than 3 years old. Such warnings are outdated and do not apply to eclipse viewers compliant with the ISO 12312-2 standard adopted in 2015. To make sure you get (or got) your eclipse glasses/viewers from a supplier of ISO-compliant products, see the American Astronomical Society (AAS) Reputable Vendors of Solar Filters & Viewers page.”
Saying that Thor and Loki have had something of a sibling rivalry is an understatement, but now Thor has another brother to deal with. In this video, Loki introduces Thor to...
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) – During the summer break, many kids enjoy using their cell phones and playing video games – maybe a little too much.
Dr. Cheryl Vincent with Simsbury Chiropractic and Wellness Center warns parents about Nintendo Neck, a condition caused by overuse of electronics.
What exactly do you mean by Nintendo Neck?
Some call it text neck, but it simply refers to the neck pain caused by looking down at video game screens, cell phones and laptops for extended periods of time.
What's worse, most people also slouch and hunch their shoulders while using electronics, putting a great deal of stress on the spine.
I see it in patients as young as elementary school.
So does it just strain on the muscle from bending the neck?
It's actually the added weight of a person's head.
On average, your head weighs about 10 to 12 pounds.
If you lean 15 degrees forward, it's as if your head weighs 27 pounds.
So when you're hunched over at a 60-degree angle, like most of us are many times throughout the day, you're putting a 60 pound strain on your neck.
This weight puts extra pressure on discs in the neck and spine as well.
But pain is only in the neck?
No patients also complain of shoulder pain, headaches, elbow, wrist, and hand pain, and even thumb pain from excessive texting.
Carpal tunnel is a problem for anyone whose work conditions or electronic use calls for repetitive, forceful or awkward hand movements, for example, when typing or using only the thumbs for video controllers.
Do you have any tips to prevent Carpal Tunnel Syndrome?
Keep the wrist as straight as possible when using devices.
Minimize repetitive movements of one's fingers and thumb when using handheld electronic devices, especially for single-hand use.
Take regular rest periods, so as to avoid continuous intensive use.
Allow recovery time to prevent prolonged stress to the muscles.
What can parents and kids do to prevent Nintendo Neck?
Squeeze your shoulder blades together.
Stretch your neck and shoulders in all directions at least every hour if you are working on a computer all day.
Practice keeping your neck back and keeping your ears over your shoulders.
Stand up against the wall and make snow angel wing movements to release your neck and upper back.
How do you treat Nintendo Neck?
A variety of treatments are used.
As a chiropractic office we use spinal manipulation.
It is the best way to affect the nervous system that controls the whole show
We also use joint manipulation for shoulders, elbows, wrists, and hands.
Cold laser therapy speeds up the healing process by increasing circulation, decreasing pain and swelling.
We have massage therapists that work alongside us to provide soft tissue therapy for overused muscles.
What is your definition of “overuse” of electronic devices?
AUSTIN, Texas — Deep into the fourth quarter and leading by 30 points, No. 8 Texas was still applying full-court pressure to No. 22 TCU, turning the ball over for more easy baskets.
Perhaps still stinging from an upset loss at TCU a few weeks ago, the Longhorns seemed to be sending the message that the balance of power in the Big 12 hasn't turned yet.
Ariel Atkins and Brooke McCarty each scored 16 points as Texas cruised to a 92-65 win Saturday. It gave the Longhorns sole possession of second place in the league and kept them within striking distance of conference leader Baylor.
“I thought our team was pretty special today, in a lot of ways. Lots of energy,” Texas coach Karen Aston said.
That energy exploded in the first quarter when Texas raced to a 27-4 lead that swamped the Horned Frogs and never let them back in the game. Atkins made three early 3-pointers and Texas' swarming pressure defence forced seven turnovers in the first period. The Longhorns also blocked seven shots in the first half.
“This is a conference if you aren't ready to go, it can get out of reach really quick,” TCU coach Raegen Pebley said. “The same kind of thing happened to Texas at Baylor where it got out of hand quick. That happened to us today.”
Texas led 50-24 at halftime and stretched the lead as high as 36 in the third quarter, even as Aston emptied their bench and used multiple lineups on the court. McCarty scored in double figures for the fourth time in six games and last season's Big 12 player of the year seems to have fully shaken off a mid-season slump that saw them scoring nearly disappear.
Texas outrebounded TCU 44-28 and scored 21 points off of TCU turnovers. In the first matchup, TCU made 9 of 11 3-pointers, but was 5-of-19 Saturday.
“We knew if we came out and played hard on defence, we would get those stops. We fed off that,” McCarty said.
Lauren Heard scored 18 points for TCU (16-6, 7-4), which hasn't beaten a ranked opponent on the road since 2008.
BIG PICTURE
TCU had been the surprise of the conference with a seven-game win streak that pushed the Horned Frogs toward the top of the Big 12 in a season they're expected to be a contender. A second win over Texas would have put them right behind Baylor, but the moment may have simply been too big. The Horned Frogs were 1 of 13 shooting in the first quarter and never had a chance to make a game of it. TCU hasn't beaten a ranked opponent on the road since 2008.
Texas got some key minutes for some frontcourt players that could prove valuable over the back half of the Big 12 season and into the NCAA tournament. Forward Rella Boothe, who had missed eight games while suspended, scored nine points. Joyner Holmes, who had been suspended and out of school until late December, continues to work themselves into shape and scored 10. Together, they were 8 of 15 shooting.
“What (Boothe) can give you immediately is offensive presence,” Aston said. “That will be helpful to just have somebody who can put the ball in the hole.”
EYE ON THE BIG 12
The earlier loss to TCU still looms big in the Big 12 title chase. Texas has already lost its first matchup with Baylor. Texas gets its home rematch on Feb. 19 but will need Baylor to falter somewhere else if the Longhorns hope to snatch at least a share of first place.
INSIDE THE BOX SCORE
Texas had 13 turnovers Saturday, which tied for its lowest mark of the season. No Longhorn had more than three against the Horned Frogs.
UP NEXT
TCU hosts No. 23 Oklahoma State on Wednesday.
Texas plays at No. 21 West Virginia on Monday.
Northern Ireland teenager Tom McKibbin has returned from Florida after becoming the first winner of the Major Champions Invitational Tournament, headlined by Sir Nick Faldo.
The 15-year-old was representing Rory McIlroy and now heads to France to play for the Ireland under-18 team.
NBA Hall of Famer Walt “Clyde” Frazier hit the court Tuesday — for Manhattan grand-jury duty.
The former Knick and current color commentator arrived in their typical snazzy style, wearing their signature red-and-black plaid pants, a 1960s-style golf shirt and beige dress shoes.
They arrived at around 9 a.m. and left in a yellow cab at 11:20 a.m. — after picking up a metal fork and a pair of scissors that they had checked with security. They posed for photos with fans before heading off.
“I used to see you play all the time! I love you,” gushed a female lawyer.
A court clerk who shook Frazier's hand, added, “I'm still walking on a cloud.”
Broken elevators cause agonizing lines for students at Baruch College They're not lining up to snag the latest iPhone or limited-edition sneakers — these students just want to catch an elevator to class. Constantly broken and overcrowded lifts at one...
Former Baruch College coach admits to embezzling $700K A former Baruch College official pleaded guilty to embezzling nearly $700,000 in payments from rentals of the school's athletic facilities, officials announced Wednesday. Machli Joseph — the former women's basketball...
Frat banned from entire state after pledge's hazing death STROUDSBURG, Pa. — A national fraternity was banned from Pennsylvania for 10 years and ordered to pay a fine of more than $110,000 as it was sentenced Monday for its...
Baruch College frat bros face sentencing in hazing death STROUDSBURG, Pa. — Four New York City men and the fraternity they belonged to face sentencing in the death of a 19-year-old pledge during a 2013 hazing ritual in Pennsylvania....
Baruch College frat bros plead guilty to deadly hazing Four men charged in a brutal fraternity hazing ritual that resulted in the 2013 death of a New York City college student have pleaded guilty in a Pennsylvania court to...
Ex-Baruch coach allegedly pocketed $600K from school A former Baruch College basketball coach and athletic department official was busted Tuesday for pocketing more than half million dollars that should have gone to the college for rentals of...
ISIS recruiter convicted for sending NYC college student to Syria A Manhattan federal jury on Monday convicted an ISIS recruiter who helped send a Baruch College student to Syria — and ultimately their death fighting for the terror group. Ahmed...
Baruch College student takes plea deal in deadly frat hazing The first of 37 Baruch College students indicted in a hazing death three years ago, has been sentenced in a plea deal with Pennsylvania prosecutors. Ka-Wing Yuen, 25, was placed...
Shame made father lie about son ditching college to join ISIS The father of a Baruch College student who joined ISIS told a Manhattan federal jury that shame led them to lie about their son's whereabouts — including telling people that...
Sunday came and went without the NHL issuing any further discipline to Bruins forward Brad Marchand for their high hit on John Tavares on Saturday night.
Marchand was assessed a five-minute major penalty for the hit, after taking a direct route to Tavares and leveling them to the ice with their shoulder, but will not face any other repercussions from the NHL's department of player safety.
Tavares said Monday they aren't worried about the lack of punishment, leaving it simply as, “the video speaks for itself.”
Head coach Doug Weight's reaction was more pointed.
“Things are targeted, things happen spontaneously,” Weight said Monday. “But to me, the ones that are premeditated, it's unfortunate when we only look at results. So if Johnny lies there and they are hurt, there'd probably be something done. I don't know the logic in that.”
That wasn't the only chippy play of the game. David Backes was later ejected in the third period for head-butting Andrew Ladd, but the department of player safety has not announced any fallout from that hit, either, as the Bruins appeared to get away relatively scot-free on both accounts.
see also Belgium terror attack leaves two cops dead A prison inmate on an extremist watchlist was given a...
The prison inmate who murdered two police officers and a bystander in Belgium while on a two-day prison furlough was a “soldier of [ISIS's] caliphate,” the terror group claimed on Wednesday.
ISIS's Aamaq news agency said Benjamin Herman's attack in Liège was an answer to its calls asking followers to target countries fighting against them.
Before Tuesday's attack, Herman, who was gunned down by police, also killed a man with whom they had done time in prison by bashing their head in with a hammer.
The Nets are finished with preseason and preamble.
Now we'll find out just how much grit they really have.
After adding the likes of D'Angelo Russell, DeMarre Carroll and Allen Crabbe, they clearly have more talent than the squad that went an NBA-worst 20-62 last season. But the temperament? The teamwork? They'll have to prove that over the length of a campaign they'll tip off Wednesday in Indiana.
“I think we're definitely more talented, [but] demeanor is too early to tell,” point guard Jeremy Lin said. “I think preseason is in a lot of ways fool's gold. The real character and mindset and demeanor of everybody comes out in the regular season.”
Most have expected the Nets to struggle in that regular season. Las Vegas set their projected win total as the third-worst in the NBA, and while a 3-1 preseason may have buoyed hopes somewhat, the Nets are still perceived as one of the worst teams in basketball.
They claim they're not worried about that perception, but understand if they want it to change, they'll have to earn that change forcibly.
“Honestly, I'm not really paying too much attention. But my evaluation was always we're pretty good. I've never thought anything otherwise, and I've never let anybody's opinion tell me otherwise,” Lin said.
“At the end of the day it's our job to figure things out, and prove that to everybody else. [Wednesday] was not a step in that direction, but hopefully you learn. You win or you learn, and I feel like [Wednesday] we have a great opportunity to learn. We're a young group, we've got to be able to go through certain things like [Wednesday].”
Wednesday was a 133-114 loss to the 76ers at Nassau Coliseum that ended the preseason on a sour note — a note the Nets claim could be a wake-up call.
The game was nowhere near as close as the final score, with the Nets trailing by as many as 36. It was a beating born of overconfidence, Brooklyn getting complacent and practicing poorly after a 3-0 preseason start.
Now we'll see if they learned any lessons that could serve them well Wednesday — and beyond.
“We've just got to figure out a way to stay poised and handle adversity. They went on a big run and we got to find ways to cut that run, slow it a bit,” said Russell, who has showed signs all preseason of emerging as the star talent the Nets so desperately need them to be.
The young guard finished the preseason averaging 17 points, four assists and 2.3 steals — all team-highs for a Nets squad that had a solid training camp and preseason, despite a disappointing finale.
“I think we handled it well,” Russell said. “We came ready to play straight from training camp. Our hard work from training camp led us into the preseason and we played well.”
Coach Kenny Atkinson agreed, saying they and their team have more confidence and experience than a year ago.
“My overall sentiment, training camp, preseason — you have to throw [Wednesday's] game in because it happened — but I think there's a positive feeling in our locker room that we have positive momentum going into the regular season,” Atkinson said. “We're all a little more sure of ourselves.
“I'm a second-year coach, I'm a little more confident in what I do. Guys that've been here, it's the second year. That's big. Continuity is huge, I do feel that. Then, the guys we brought in have a confidence about them. DeMarre and D'Angelo have been in the league. I feel like we're not newbies. We've got some scars under our belt, and that's going to help us.”
They get to show that Wednesday against the Pacers.
The Nets had Thursday off, so there was no update on Rondae Hollis-Jefferson, but their hand injury isn't believed to be serious. If nothing untoward happens, they could have a healthy roster going into the opener. Last year, the Nets didn't have a fully healthy roster until March 1, and that lasted just one game until guard Joe Harris suffered a shoulder injury and concussion that ultimately ended their campaign.
To the surprise of no one, the Nets exercised the 2018-19 options for Hollis-Jefferson, Russell and Caris LeVert.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Lisa Russell, a heart transplant recipient at The Jewish Hospital Trager Transplant Center entered the room wearing a mask that protected their nose and mouth. They had a great laugh and a very gregarious personality. Russell, 56, was happy to be alive after receiving their new heart on January 5th, 2016.
After getting permission to remove their mask, Lisa's beautiful smile shined. They were not only happy to be alive, but also thankful.
”I shouldn't be here,” Russell whispered with their eyes tearing.
Russell had always considered themselves to be leading a healthy lifestyle. As the owner of a farm and their own business, they were very active. They made it a point to walk five miles every day. They then began to notice taking a simple breath took great effort. At night they would wake up struggling for air. They compared it to almost drowning on land. When the struggle became too great, they found themselves in the emergency room gasping for air and asking for help.
The diagnosis was heart failure.
“I could no longer breath and I knew I was close to death,” explained Russell with tears rolling now down their cheek. “Only 10% of my heart was working. I planned my own funeral."
Russell was literally counting their days.
They had reached a stage of advanced heart failure where their heart was no longer able to pump enough blood to meet their body's needs. Them doctors recommended an LVAD (left ventricular assist device) implant surgery. The LVAD is considered a bridge to transplant. It may remain in place for several years until a heart donor becomes available for a transplant. Three months into learning to live with their LVAD, Russell got the call of a lifetime.
“I received a phone call, and I thought they were teasing that they had a heart for me,” Russell remembered.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Near-drowning victim meets 'angel' who saved them
+ Adult swaddling aimed to help new moms recover from child birth
+ Transplant gives hope for women struggling to get pregnant
Twenty-two people die every day waiting for a transplant.
“You're facing death and you're mentally and emotionally preparing for death," Russell explained. "And then, all of a sudden you're told you get to
live. I received my new heart and I was so thankful. I remember going into surgery and I remember thinking about the family, knowing that I was celebrating life. They were also grieving.”
Russell's simultaneous, but opposite emotions of joy and pain are common for transplant recipients. The gift is only possible because of the kindness of families who are willing to say yes to helping others while losing someone of their own. One-hundred-ten incredible organ donors and their families worked with KODA to give the gift of life to 324 people in 2016. Russell was one of them.
“Every day I live so thankful for the life of my donor," they said.
Russell has uttered those words to someone almost every single day since their life-saving surgery, but the words just don't seem to carry the gratitude they have in their heart - their donor heart.
Shaking their head and looking down at the floor, they whispered, “The words never seemed appropriate.”
Russell had written, re-written and written again, a letter of gratitude to their donor's family. They meant every word but felt something was till unsaid. During
one of the many nights they laid counting their blessings, they came up with a plan and a way to say 'thank you.' They personally selected a tiny bear to deliver their letter, with a small voice-sound recorder inside.
“I'm recording the heartbeat and I'm putting it inside of a little bear,” Russell said beaming.
Russell found it hard to lie still on the table as the doctor helped them record ten seconds of their now-strong, healthy, beating heart. The room was silent, other than the loud swishing, thumping sounds of the heart that works to keep them alive and moving.
“Isn't that wonderful,” they laughed.
Then for ten seconds, no one in the room moved as the button on recorder was pushed. The sound recorded will be the first time the donor's loved ones will hear the donor's heart again. The little bear is carrying a big message.
“I'm hoping when they have those difficult days, they can hold on to that bear," Russell passionately explained. "When they hold the Teddy Bear, they'll know that's their loved one's heart.”
The donor family has agreed to accept the bear. Russell hopes in time they will also accept an invitation to meet. They also pray that more families will come to understand the importance of such an important gift.
The easiest way for an individual to document their wish to save lives through organ donation is to join the Kentucky Organ Donor Registry, where one's wishes regarding donation will be carried out as requested. By joining the registry, an individual's wishes are documented electronically in a safe and secure database. Joining the donor registry could potentially save or enhance the lives of up to 50 people.
For Kentuckians, joining the Kentucky Donor Registry is as easy as logging on the secure website or signing up when while renewing a driver's license. Indiana is just as easy. A donor heart symbol must be requested to be placed on the license. Signing the back of the license is no longer accepted. The Donor Registry enables family members to know that you have chosen to save and enhance lives through donation. Kentucky has First Person Consent laws in effect, meaning the wishes of an individual will be carried out as requested.
As many as seven lives can be saved with the donation of the heart, liver, lungs, kidneys and pancreas, and up to fifty lives can be enhanced with tissue donation, including restoring sight, helping burn victims and enhancing mobility through spinal and other surgeries.
Since its beginning in October 1987 the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) has coordinated over 500,000 organ transplants from deceased donors in the United States.
The Jewish Hospital Trager Transplant Center, a joint program with the University of Louisville School of Medicine and part of KentuckyOne Health, is one of the leading providers of organ transplantation in the country with the help of UNOS and the Kentucky Organ Donor Affiliates (KODA). The Trager Center is nationally recognized for performing Kentucky's first adult heart, pancreas, heart-lung and liver transplant, as well as the first minimally invasive kidney donation in Kentucky. Since 1964, the center has transplanted 4,310 organs, thanks to the support and coordination of UNOS and KODA.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
PARIS (AP) — French President Francois Hollande is calling for new security measures around the country's presidential race, notably to protect against hacking.
Hollande's order came after the campaign of centrist Emmanuel Macron accused Russia of trying to sway the April 23-May 7 election.
Hollande asked top security officials Wednesday to present electoral security measures next week "including in the cyber domain."
Mounir Mahjoubi, head of digital campaigning for Macron, told The Associated Press that their team identified thousands of hacking attempts originating from Ukraine in recent weeks.
Mahjoubi says the attempts coincided with what they called a fake news operation targeting Macron in Russia-sponsored media in France.
Macron's leading rivals, Francois Fillon and Marine Le Pen, want to lift sanctions against Russia, while Macron has been less friendly toward Moscow.
Making money doesn't have to end with your regular paycheck. Picking up a side hustle is a great way to pad your income and reach your financial goals faster, whether that's fully funding your emergency account or jetting off to Hawaii this summer.
But here's the challenge: Juggling a demanding full-time job and side gig can be exhausting—and perhaps make you wonder if the extra savings are really worth the crazy schedule.
Enter 25 part-time-job ideas that hardly feel like work because they align with skills and interests you already have. While some offer more earning potential than others, they all share low barriers to entry and the flexibility to work as little—or as many—hours a week as you'd like.
1. Travel consultant
If you love to travel and find yourself frequently searching for airfare sales or browsing sites like Lonely Planet, why not carve out a niche for yourself as a private travel agent? The more specific your expertise, the better. (Looking at you, rewards-booking ninjas and Asian sites and culture gurus.)
Start with word-of-mouth recommendations from friends and family who know they can count on you for cheap flights and amazing activity recommendations. Once you have some satisfied customers—whether they've paid for your services or not—ask for referrals and step into the world of online travel consulting.
Signing up as a Plansify Travel Advisor is a great way to connect with a larger audience of people seeking advice. Plansify says most advisers charge $12 to $30 to answer up to three traveler questions, and $50 to $75 for a one-hour Skype session.
2. Tour guide
Live in a destination where others frequently visit? If you know your city well and enjoy meeting new people, get the best of both perks by opening your own tour business.
Bonus points for unique twists like Erik Hormann's from Vantigo—a company that shows off San Francisco from the back of a VW van. What started as a nights-and-weekends gig eventually turned into a full-time business, where Hormann charges anywhere from $55 to $600, depending on the tour.
3. Online dating consultant
Believe it or not, help to navigate platforms like Tinder, OK Cupid and Match.com MTCH, -0.74% is something many people are willing to pay for. Case in point: Atlanta dating coach Karla S. Moore of NineGPS charges a whopping $190 for a 90-minute client assessment, which includes a “deep dive online dating blueprint.”
If you can write a great profile, select flattering photos and craft messages like a pro, your friends are probably already hitting you up for advice—so try cashing in on your skills.
4. Tutoring
Did you ace your high school standardized tests like the SAT or ACT? If so, you'll likely find that many parents of teenagers are eager to shell out upward of $100 an hour for the right tutor to help their kids gain entrance to the college of their choice. (Be aware that some changes have been made to the test since you probably took it.)
If you prefer homework tutoring, you can expect an hourly rate closer to $17—though that could rise sharply to $75 an hour if you're an experienced certified teacher or specialist.
5. Remote English teacher
Teaching English as a second language is a great way to make a solid side income—and even open doors to travel the world, if you'd like. While full ESL (English as a Second Language) accreditation is recommended, as long as you're a native speaker, there are people in places like Hong Kong or the United Arab Emirates, for instance, willing to pay $25 an hour or more to learn via Skype.
Indeed, Learn4Good and Remote.co often post remote English tutoring jobs, so check back frequently, as opportunities and fees vary.
6. Teaching online courses
If you're an expert at something—coding, online marketing or, ahem, starting side businesses without sacrificing your day job—there's likely an audience of people who want to become experts, too.
Get a quick start by launching on a marketplace like Udemy or Skillshare, where there's already an existing audience of people interested in consuming educational courses. As you build your reputation, aim for being accepted to teach on higher-exposure education platforms like CreativeLive and MasterClass.
7. Instagram marketing
Build up a big Instagram following, and you could be approached by major brands, gear companies and other relevant businesses selling products or services related to the type of content you share. (Fashion, fitness and food are big categories in this space.)
With 100,000-plus followers, Brian DiFeo of The Mobile Media Lab says you could earn between $5,000 to $10,000 a month. With hundreds of thousands? You could charge between $500 to $5,000 (or more) per post.
8. Podcasting
If you can attract a regular audience for your podcast, there's good money to be made from sponsorship deals. At my own day job, I pay $250 to $500 for 30-second advertisements for my employer on relevant podcasts like “The Tim Ferriss Show,” the No. 1 business podcast right now.
(Want more detail? In this episode of the “Conscious Millionaire,” “Entrepreneur on Fire” host John Lee Dumas offers specific tips on how to make money podcasting, including selling online courses, eBooks and coaching sessions.)
9. Brewing your own beer
Like drinking beer? With patience and a bit of skill, brewing it yourself could result in a product others will pay to drink.
Pick up a starter kit from Mr. Beer ($43), then get creative about how to tweak your flavor combos into something unique. Test the market demand and build a rep within your community for your brew on a budget by setting up shop at a local street fair.
Don't miss: How to launch your own beer brand for $5,000
10. Presentation design consultant
Yes, even the lowly PowerPoint requires outside consulting every now and then. Plenty of people would happily outsource the visual layout of presentation decks for work meetings, investor pitches and lectures.
Tobias Schelle of 24Slides is living proof that you can turn your passion for beautiful presentation design into a legitimate business—and potentially rake in $20 a slide for your time and talents.
11. Tax prep
It's not the sort of job that's covered in glory, but someone's got to make sure all the numbers all up—so why not you? The Income Tax School provides an array of training programs that'll certify you in as little as 10 weeks, which makes this a particularly appealing option.
Once tax season rolls around, you could potentially charge $229 per return.
12. Refurbishing used electronics
Many people give up on their faulty laptops, mobile phones or cameras without even looking into the cause of their malfunctions. If you have the skills to fix them, consider starting a side hustle refurbishing and reselling other people's discarded electronics on sites like Glyde or NextWorth.
What's more, most electronics stores toss out everything from unused printer cartridges to tablets, so if you've got the stomach for it, you can make a ton of cash rummaging.
13. Clothing alterations and tailoring
Fashion, style and personal grooming continue to fuel lucrative side opportunities. (Fixing one dress hem can cost nearly $15!) If you know how to mend clothes, then you have a growing market of budget-conscious and/or personalization-obsessed customers at your fingertips.
Entrepreneur.com suggests you may need close to $2,000 to get the necessary equipment to launch this business, but there's no harm in starting smaller and growing from there—as long as you can make magic with needle and thread.
14. Officiating recreational sports
Love sports? Officiating games held at schools, community parks and even college fields can be an exciting way to earn extra dough—anywhere from $7 an hour for intramural sports to about $30 a game for high school or adult-leagues—on nights and weekends.
15. Notary public
Public notaries primarily serve as validators of, and impartial witnesses to, public legal documents—especially those related to affidavits, oaths, deeds, estates, special-powers-of-attorney and business agreements.
Depending on the state, a full-time notary public earns an annual salary of $36,000, according to Indeed.com — so carving out just a slice of that for a part-time gig would offer a nice extra savings. Even better, you can notarize documents from anywhere, so you could advertise your company as a mobile one, like Glenn Turner's of Advanced Mobile Notary in San Francisco, who come notarize your documents with a 24-hour notice.
16. Writing greeting cards
Fancy yourself a poet? You can earn $300 for every poem you write for a greeting card published by Blue Mountain Arts. (Here are 14 more greeting card companies that outsource card-writing to talented freelancers.)
17. Buying and selling domain names
Domain-name trading has been around for decades, and while the slam-dunk names have long been sold off—Insure.com went for $16 Million in 2009—there are plenty of others you can get your hands on for cheap.
Take this real-life example: Just a few months ago, I registered thelaunchformula.com for $11.95 because it was a catchy potential fit for a coming course I'm putting together. Since then, I've received two offers from people wanting to purchase it—both for just under $1,000.
I recommend using a domain broker like Flippa or Sedo to make sure you don't get scammed while making a sale.
18. Housesitting
Housesitting can be a fantastic way to live in your own city—or travel to exotic locales—completely rent-free. For a small annual fee, sites like TrustedHousesitters.com and MindMyHouse.com connect travelers and housesitters (and petsitters, too) who usually agree to swap accommodations for care services.
While certainly not the most consistent of income sources, if you can reclaim your monthly rent payments or even just the hotel bill on your next vacation, then consider this a winning side gig.
19. Virtual assistant
If you're an organized jack of all trades, consider working as a part-time virtual assistant. According to Payscale, the average hourly salary is about $16, but you may be able to find posts advertising higher pay on Elance, Indeed or Upwork.
20. Making money with your car (but not with Uber or Lyft)
Sure, you can try ride-share apps like Uber and Lyft, but there are other ways to convert miles into money—like renting out your car on Turo. (OK, before you freak out, know that there's a $1 million insurance policy on all cars, plus drivers are prescreened.)
Another option: vehicle advertising, which can generate anywhere from $100 to $400 a month, with companies like Wrapify and Carvertise.
21. Stock photography
If you have a fondness for taking pictures of smiling families or laughing children blowing bubbles, consider selling your images to a stock photo company like Shutterstock or iStockphoto. You'll earn a few cents on the dollar or base royalty percentage every time someone licenses an image you've submitted.
AFP/Getty Images Are you good with animals? Try dog walking.
22. Pet sitting, grooming and walking
The prevalence of unattended pets is another side effect of busy life, creating job opportunities for people with time, patience and affection to spare. (Check out DogVacay and Rover for proof.) In fact, one New Yorker earned $8,000 over a holiday season just from dog-sitting.
If that isn't enough, expand your services to include pet grooming or dog walking. To do either, you'll need relevant training, an operating license (depending on your location) and grooming equipment, if you go down that path. But start small with dog walking, since there's already an on-demand app called Wag that links dog walkers and pet owners in L.A., San Francisco, Chicago and Seattle.
23. Editing college admissions essays
Yes, high-school students should write their own essays. But many parents will pay experienced writers or editors to provide writing or editing guidance.
Sites like EssayEdge and CustomWritings offer a range of services, from proofreading to “coaching” students throughout the process from brainstorming to finished essay, for fees ranging from $69 to $529.
24. Taking online surveys
OK, it's not very engaging or mentally stimulating, but online surveys do pay. Earnings will be very small—a couple bucks per survey, on average—but what else are you doing on commercial breaks or lazy Sundays? Try sites like Swagbucks, InboxDollars and OpinionOutpost.
25. Data analysis
Have a knack for numbers? Plenty of companies need to hire someone who's good at both data entry and analysis. Upwork and Indeed are just two of many sites that are great for freelancers with an analytical prowess.
Depending upon your credentials and level of experience, you can easily bring in $50 an hour—or more—if you find the right client.
Humans have wanted to go to Mars for a long time. NASA says it wants to send people there by the 2030s, while private companies like SpaceX have proposed building colonies on the Red Planet.
There are, of course, a lot of kinks that have to be worked out for us to get there. One of them is living in an enclosed space with a few other people for months on end.
Another is the human need for food. Packing all the food and water for a Mars mission would take up a lot of room and would use lots of fuel. Trying to grow food would use up a lot of energy.
Now, scientists at Penn State think they've found a way for astronauts to create food with help from their own human waste.
Lisa Steinberg, a former postdoctoral astrobiology researcher at the school who now works as a science lab supervisor at Delaware County Community College, told NPR's Scott Simon about how the multistep process works.
"We collect the solid and liquid waste from the astronaut and we put it into a reactor where we have a mixed group of bacteria that break that waste down," they say. "And from that they produce methane, which is a gas. And then that methane can be fed to a second type of bacteria — that it grows up and then the cells themselves have a lot of protein, have a lot of fat."
Penn State News described the model they built:
"They created an enclosed, cylindrical system, four feet long by four inches in diameter, in which select microbes came into contact with the waste. The microbes broke down waste using anaerobic digestion, a process similar to the way humans digest food."
The process can grow a bacterium called Methylococcus capsulatus. It's already in use today as an animal feed.
In the case of the Penn State researchers, their end product looks like a type of "microbial goo," as Steinberg's co-author Christopher House describes it. They told Penn State News that it's similar to the Vegemite or Marmite spreads that people put on toast. The goo has a lot of protein and a lot of fat in it.
The substance "can serve as a supplement to the diet of the astronauts and the life support system," Steinberg says.
It's not quite operational yet.
"To put it in a life support system you would definitely need to have a lot of safety precautions in place," they say. "Astronaut protection would be first and foremost. You would need to make sure that there's no potential of pathogens from the waste getting into the food source."
The researchers didn't actually taste it, Steinberg says. They say people who have tasted the stuff in the past "described it as somewhat bland."
Steinberg has a solution for the good of the astronauts' taste buds, however.
"I recommended just bringing some Sriracha on board," they say, "and that'll make anything taste good."
Southwire has begun construction of a 400,000-sq-ft facility in Georgia, a $20 million project that will be in the Douglas County part of Villa Rica, in the same business park as Southwire's current West Georgia and Retail East Customer Service Centers (CSC).
Southwire reported that the project, scheduled for completion by the end of 2018, will result in approximately 60 new jobs. Kurt Hennelly, Southwire's executive vice president of sourcing, distribution and manufacturing strategy, said that the new property is adjacent to the CSC, essentially creating an expansion of the existing Southeast distribution complex. The addition will enable the company “to optimize inbound and outbound freight costs while continuing to improve upon the excellent service levels our customers have come to expect from Southwire,” Hennelly said. More details regarding the facility and the expansion will be released as the development progresses.
Ron Wilson, chairperson of the Douglas County Economic Development Authority board of directors, said the agency is “delighted to have a company like Southwire expand their operations within our county.”
Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist rally spiraled into deadly violence in Charlottesville, Va. Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP Shelby Lum
Queens and guard Jalin Alexander (2) are headed to the NCAA Division II Elite Eight in South Dakota. Jeff Siner jsiner@charlotteobserver.com
Image caption
The Daily Telegraph is less positive than the Metro and the i, saying that Prime Minister Theresa May faces a backlash over a perceived "abject betrayal" of Britain's fisherman as a result of the agreement paper. The paper currently says the UK will still be under the EU's Common Fisheries Policy until the end of 2020. Jacob Rees-Mogg and other Eurosceptic rebels will protest that part of the agreement by throwing fish into the River Thames next to Parliament over the alleged "sell-out".
By Abby Hassler
Ever wanted to hear Justin Bieber singing in Spanish? Fans get their wish in Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's “Despacito” remix, where the singer starts the new track with a verse in English but switches over to Spanish for the chorus.
Related: Ringo Starr Confirms The Beatles are Bigger than Justin Bieber
The “Sorry” singer built up anticipation ahead of the track's release by posting photos from their recording session on social media last week. One of the photos ended up being the cover for the remix.
Listen to the remix below.
Amy Huberman's new drama Striking Out was a roaring success with viewers on New Year's night.
Marking their first foray into drama on RTÉ One since the days of The Clinic, sher stars alongside Neil Morrissey in a tale about solicitor Tara Rafferty, played by Huberman.
The opening episode saw Rafferty's dream-like life fall asunder as they discover on their hen's night that their fiancé cheated on them
The storyline went down well with viewers, many of whom took to Twitter to express their views on the four-part show, which continues next Sunday.
"Totally gripped, Striking Out is a triumph," said style guru Brendan Courtney. "Best thing in ages."
"Striking Out could just be the best thing RTE have done since Love/Hate. Fair play Amy Huberman and Blinder Films," wrote comedian Jarlath Regan.
"I enjoyed Striking Out for what it was," wrote artist Jacke Martin. "Amy huberman & fiona o'shaughnessy particularly strong.. tough gig going up against #sherlock though."
Not everyone loved it, though. Aubrey Fahey wrote: "The mother looks extremely idiotic esp when taking yer man's arm outta the makeshift office. Full of unlikely characters this."
If you missed the first episode of Striking Out, you can catch up on the RTÉ Player.
Amy Schumer splits with boyfriend Ben Hanisch Schumer dated the Chicago furniture designer for almost two years.
Amy Schumer's PMS is directed 'only toward' boyfriend "I feel like I can shine with them and also be nothing and we're good."
Amy Schumer incorporates beau into their stand-up routine The comedian did a surprise stand-up set and included jokes about their new beau, Ben Hanisch.
Here's what Amy Schumer looks like pregnant The "Inside Amy Schumer" star took the snap from their trailer on Tuesday.
Amy Schumer and new beau pack on PDA The comedian walked away with the Best Actress prize for "Trainwreck."
Image copyright Google Image caption A body was discovered in woodland in the Newton Heath area of the city
A man has been charged with murder after a body was found in woodland.
Jiri Ulman, 52, had suffered "multiple serious injuries", before their body was discovered near Ten Acres Lane in Newton Heath, Manchester, on Tuesday.
Josef Janda, 57, of Kenyon Lane, Moston, is due to appear at Manchester and Salford Magistrates' Court later.
A 60-year-old woman held on suspicion of assisting an offender has been released while inquiries continue, police said.
Direct Bluetooth file transfers have been available on Android since time immemorial, but Android P adds a long-overdue related feature. You can finally see a list of all transferred files. The menu is nestled in the connection settings—it's actually been there for a while, and no one noticed.
We've traced the "Received file" menu back to the first developer preview in March. It's still there as of the latest DP4 as well. You'll find it in Settings > Connected devices > Connection preferences. The list shows the file name, originating device ID (if available), size, and date.
You can tap on any of the files in this list to open them, assuming they still exist on your device. The entry in the list will remain there even if you delete the file later. In fact, there does not seem to be any way to clear items from this menu at all. We don't know if this will make it into the final release, but it's already been present throughout most of the preview. It's probably a safe bet.
Red Hot Chili Peppers get naked in new video The band was filming at hip venue Good Room in Brooklyn and, “They're naked!” said a source.
Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis saves a baby's life "I started rubbing the belly, bubbles started coming out of the mouth, the eyes rolled back into place," Kiedis revealed.
Anthony Kiedis expected to make full recovery after hospitalization The Red Hot Chili Peppers cancelled a concert gig this weekend in wake of their lead singer's illness.
Red Hot Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis hospitalized The Red Hot Chili Peppers canceled an appearance after Anthony Kiedis was hospitalized.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man has been charged with theft by deception after taking thousands of dollars from people in online transactions and never delivering the merchandise.
>> MUGSHOTS: May 2018 Roundup
An arrest warrant says Jorge Zayas-Montejo, 29, of Louisville, advertised on eBay that was selling dumpsters. Between Dec. 1 and 31, 2017, Zayas-Montejo accepted a total of $149,000 from three different people, but the customers never got the dumpsters.
Louisville Metro police began investigating after getting complaints from two of Zayas-Montejo's customers. Investigators found the money had been deposited into Zayas-Montejo's bank account through wire transfers.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Multiple people injured in explosion at UPS in Kentucky
+ Sazerac to invest $66M in former Pillsbury plant
+ JCPS will appeal state's recommended takeover
In addition to the theft charge, Zayas-Montejo is being held at Louisville Metro Corrections in a detainer for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
New York City FC coach Patrick Vieira said Tuesday no one at Arsenal has contacted them about replacing longtime coach Arsene Wenger.
“Honestly and seriously, no,” Vieira told reporters at NYCFC's new training facility in Orangeburg, just days after being named a possible successor to Wenger.
Vieira is in their third and final season with NYCFC. With their contract set to expire at the end of the year, they said they could see themselves at NYCFC beyond this season despite the swirling rumors regarding a return to their former club.
“Yeah, why not?” Vieira responded to a question about extending their NYCFC career. “My contract [runs] until at least the end of the season. After that, anything can happen. But I have a contract until the end of the season.”
Vieira captained and starred for nine years at Arsenal. They received Wenger's seal of approval last week when they said their former player “has the potential” to succeed them at Arsenal.
Wenger announced last week they would step down after the Premier League season. They have spent the last 22 years with the club.
“I've followed their managerial career. I think they do very well but overall, this Premier League is special. You have to come in and there are plenty of former players who played here who have potential, the intelligence and knowledge to do it,” Wenger said about Vieira.
see also NYCFC getting a real kick from new training facility New York City FC finally has a home — for...
NYCFC sporting director Claudio Reyna, who has watched Vieira blossom over the three years, applauded their hard-working mentality, saying they get the best and most out of their players every single day.
“He has a humility to listen and learn and reflect after every game and the decisions they made,” said Reyna. “That's why you can see them get better and better with experience and time. He's only gotten better managing situations and the day-to-day of a football club. The players really respond and respect them which is very important to have. At the same time, he's very consistent and creates a level of accountability and high-standard from day one that's never dropped.”
Captain David Villa called Vieira “one of the best” coaches he's worked under.
When asked how he's improved as a coach from Year 1 to now, Vieira pointed to the evolution of their match preparation.
“I think our game plan today is much better than it was in the first year,” they said. “I think having a clear idea about the way we want to play, what I want from players in each position, regarding the formation that I want to use. I am better than I was a few years ago … If the question is if I'm ready — yes, I'm ready”
Pasta maker in hot water for allegedly under-filling boxes The world's leading pasta company has landed in hot water with some of its customers, who are accusing it of cheating them out of their beloved carbs by under-filling its...
Like chief's anti-gay comments, Barilla eatery leaves bad taste Pasta maker Barilla apologized four times for its chairperson's goofy, gay-dissing remarks last fall. But the company's culinary orientation is beyond forgiving, judging by its recently opened, quick-serve Manhattan cafe....
Barilla loses shoppers after anti-gay remarks City macaroni lovers told pasta czar Guido Barilla what they could do with their Bigotoni on Friday after they said gays have no place in the company's “classic family” ads....
PITTSBURGH — Mike Trout didn't hurt the Mets terribly last weekend, when they made their first regular-season appearance at Citi Field. The Mets took two of three from Trout and the Angels, after all, despite Trout putting up a nifty .500/.643/1.000 line over the three days.
Now baseball's best player has been helping the Mets, unknowingly, in absentia. Guess whose video footage Kevin Long has been showing to Lucas Duda recently?
“What they do, they can't stand to get jammed, so they tend to make contact too far out in front, which makes them very susceptible to off-speed stuff,” Long said before Duda hit a solo homer in the Mets' 5-4 10-inning loss to the Pirates on Saturday night at PNC Park. “We were watching some Mike Trout video and watching how deep they let the ball travel. Sometimes a visual of another player can help. It did in this case.”
The Mets pounded the Pirates, 8-1, in Friday night's series opener, and Duda played a critical role in the blowout. The over-hated first baseman doubled twice, driving in a pair of runs, and drew a walk, giving them a Trout-esque .500/.611/.929 slash line before Saturday's loss.
“Like I told him, ‘You've got to keep going,'” Long said. “‘If you have a month like this and just prove to yourself you can do this, you turn into one of the best hitters in baseball.'”
Duda forever has been an enigma, a powerful man with impressive patience at the plate who can be awfully streaky — hence the over-hated status and the Mets' hope that they can be a driving force in a turnaround from this awful start. Concurrently, the fact that such potential has been tapped only occasionally, along with the development of Mets first-base prospect Dominic Smith, makes it likely Duda, drafted and developed by the Mets, will sign elsewhere next offseason when they become a free agent.
“I'm just trying to hit the ball right now,” Duda said Saturday, when asked if their impending freedom
lurked anywhere on their radar. “Coming out of that rough patch, I'm just happy I can contribute. Furthest thing from my head.”
Funny thing about that rough patch to which they referred. That would be their first nine games after returning from the disabled list (hyperextended left elbow), when they registered four hits, two doubles and two singles in 34 at-bats. Brutal, right? Except they drew eight walks over that 34-plate-apperance stretch, meaning that they compiled a more than acceptable .353 on-base percentage.
“I think that was the only thing that saved me, getting the walks,” Duda said.
“That's always been a strength of his,” Long said. “He's always been an on-base guy. Their strike-zone discipline has always been above average.”
In their first professional season, with Class-A Brooklyn in 2007, Duda recorded a .398 OBP. This ability has been with them since before the Mets drafted them with their seventh-round pick in '07.
The skill, Duda said, comes from their father, David, who coached them in Little League in California. David Duda pounded the idea in Lucas' head to “Wait for a pitch you can handle.” Even nowadays, Lucas Duda said their dad “is still on me about swinging at pitches [I shouldn't].”
It is the foundation of Duda's success. It comes from the foundation of their childhood. It could be a key to this Mets season.
And if this can be the springboard to Duda putting up numbers similar to or even better than their successful 2014 and 2015 campaigns, then the Mets should consider sending Trout a thank-you note. From the Mets' standpoint, the lifelong Phillies fan Trout will optimally help the Mets rebound in 2017 and help Duda make some good money elsewhere in 2018 and beyond.
Three-star Springfield (Ohio) defensive tackle Isaiah Gibson knows that Kentucky's coaching staff wants to add them to their commitment list.He knows coaches at other schools want the same thing.And...
An editorial from the Halifax Chronicle Herald, published March 17:
Stupid is as stupid does.
As movie fans know, that's the adage Forrest Gump's mother taught their son to raise when people called them stupid or treated them as an intellectual inferior and unworthy of respect.
Mrs. Gump's comeback is something U.S. President Donald Trump should take to heart (but probably won't) following the release of a recording of their silly performance at a private political fundraiser in Missouri this week.
The president bragged to donors that they made up trade claims in a meeting with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, insisting the U.S. was running a trade deficit with Canada, when “I didn't even know . . . I had no idea.”
They seemed to think this was a bold bluff and their listeners would be impressed with it as a mark of their negotiating prowess and ability to psychologically dominate others to get wins for America.
Of course, they then went on to claim they were intuitively correct. They said an official sent to check the statistics reported back, “Well, sir, you're actually right. We have no deficit, but that doesn't include energy and timber. . . . And when you do, we lose $17 billion a year.”
As has been widely reported, U.S. Commerce Department figures show the U.S. ran a $2.77-billion surplus with Canada for 2017. That figure does include oil and timber, as you would expect. Why would the department leave out these major commodities in its trade-balance figures?
So it appears donors from the so-called “show-me state” were treated to another example of the president making stuff up and thinking themselves clever.
Well, stupid is as stupid does, Mr. Trump.
It's not smart to come to negotiations unprepared and ignorant of basic facts. It's not smart to make nonsense claims that are easily disproved and that everyone else in the room knows are bunk.
It's not much of a bluff when you're holding your cards backwards — with the faces showing to the other players.
It's not smart to brag about making things up, showing that you disseminate what you so often complain about — fake news. And it's not smart to believe or pretend that your fakery is fooling anyone when it isn't.
No one needed this confessional skit to learn that Mr. Trump says what they want, regardless of facts. The Washington Post's Fact-Checker database documents 2,140 false or misleading claims made by the president in their first year in office.
As a matter of simple prudence, no country dealing with the U.S. can afford to accept any Trump statement at face value. And, frankly, people in Canada don't.
How does this behaviour benefit the U.S.? When Mr. Trump invents claims or makes false ones in dealing with allied leaders, they demonstrate unreliability. When they brag about it, they demonstrate untrustworthiness.
And a claim that is transparently false inevitably projects a message of contempt and aggression to the other party.
Vladimir Putin excels in this kind of lying. When they falsely deny acts of Russian aggression abroad, the lie is a weapon intended to add further humiliation. That's surely not an attitude the U.S. wants to convey to its friends and allies.
In dealing with Donald Trump, we're all in a “show me” state. That doesn't make the U.S. stronger.
08:51 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Czech Republic considering moving embassy to J'lem A spokesperson confirms consideration of the move against the backdrop of a report that Israel is pressuring Prague to move the embassy and a disagreement between the Czech president and prime minister on the matter. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Developers have lodged a planning application for a 321-bed student accommodation scheme in place of a Chester bus depot.
Liverpool Road Chester Limited, a subsidiary of Watkin Jones, is behind the plan which is targeting the Stagecoach depot in Liverpool Road.
Watkin Jones recently held a public consultation on the scheme which has been slightly reduced in scale from 351 to 321 units.
A document accompanying the plan states: “The proposal presented in this document is for a development on the site which is currently used by the Stagecoach depot and which bridges Liverpool Road and Victoria Road to the north of Chester city centre .
"The Watkin Jones Group propose to redevelop the site for purpose-built student accommodation in the form of both studio and cluster spaces (circa 322 units) including associated facilities such as reception area, common room, cycle store, refuse store and plant room.
“We envision a new high quality development with improved public realm. The scheme has been developed through several pre-app meetings, a design review panel presentation and a public consultation, all of which have informed the submitted design.”
Stagecoach previously revealed there was a conditional agreement over the sale of its Liverpool Road depot with negotiations ongoing to secure an alternative depot site in Chester.
And the bus company has since lodged planning applications with both Flintshire County Council and Cheshire West and Chester Council for a replacement facility on part of Chester FC's car park, in Sovereign Way, which lies close to the England-Wales border.
There would be a bus maintenance workshop, bus chassis wash and bus wash plus associated parking and infrastructure.
Watkin Jones' proposed 321-bed Liverpool Road complex would be managed by their Fresh Student Living arm which runs the next door 128-bed site in Victoria Road and the company's 400-bed Tramways development near the railway station.
Other student accommodation in the area includes a 117-bed student scheme opened on the opposite side of the road to the bus depot, next to Northgate Church, last autumn.
A 121-bed student accommodation complex in Trafford Street, Newtown , is now open for business. The same developers, Primus Property Group and Property Alliance Group, are currently building a 150-bed scheme just a stone's throw away after gaining permission on appeal.
Jansons Property was turned down over a proposed five-storey 376-bed development on the site of the railway station car park next to Hoole bridge but also looks likely to appeal.
Last October Watkin Jones' plans for a 77-bed six-storey student block in Hunter Street, described as ‘monstrous', were given planning permission on appeal.
And three blocks for 350 students are almost ready next to Telford's Warehouse in the Garden Quarter , which were again given the go-ahead on appeal.
There's still no news on when construction will begin on the massive 544-bed student complex on Linenhall car park but it is expected to commence soon.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Bobby Hurley is no stranger to college basketball lore. So when their Arizona State team travelled to Allen Fieldhouse to face Kansas on Sunday, the former Duke star knew what they were in for.
“No one really wins here,” Hurley said. “You come in here, most of the time you're not leaving real happy.”
Well, the Sun Devils sure did. Tra Holder scored 29 points on 8-for-16 shooting, and No. 16 Arizona State upset No. 2 Kansas 95-85 on Sunday to improve to 9-0.
Shannon Evans II had 22 points, and Remy Martin added 21 for the Sun Devils. Arizona State shot 50 per cent from 3-point range and 50.8 per cent overall to hand Kansas (7-2) its second straight loss. The Jayhawks fell to unranked Washington on Wednesday night.
“I didn't really have to coach a whole lot tonight,” Hurley said. “These guys sitting with me here deserve all the credit.”
After a slow start that forced Hurley to use a timeout less than two minutes into the game, the Sun Devils found themselves down by as much as 13 before making their first field goal. The energy in Allen Fieldhouse was as high as has been all season, as Hurley expected.
Arizona State got back into it, though, trimming the deficit to just three points at halftime and eventually outscoring the Jayhawks 58-42 in the second half. To get over this initial hump, the Sun Devils had to take a breath and tune out the raucous environment.
“The game slowed down for us,” Holder said. “At first it was really rapid, the crowd got into it.”
For Kansas, the difference was defence — or the lack thereof.
“It wasn't our offence,” coach Bill Self said. “Hey, if you score 85 at home, you're supposed to win.”
Lagerald Vick led Kansas with 25 points, their fifth time with 20 or more this season. Devonte' Graham added 19 points and eight assists.
Svi Mykhailiuk had an off day, going 3 for 14 from the field and not registering any of their 14 points until they hit a 3-pointer with 6 minutes left. They had four turnovers and four fouls.
BIG PICTURE
Kansas lost consecutive games for the first time since December 2013. Self will need to diagnose what went wrong in a hurry, with the start of conference play just three games away.
Arizona State picked up another marquee victory after knocking off No. 15 Xavier in late November. The Sun Devils are 9-0 for the first time since 1974-75 and look to be one of the top teams in the Pac-12.
FANTASTIC FRESHMAN
Martin finished with 21 points on a 8-11 shooting and a perfect 2-for-2 from 3-point range. A true first-year student, they didn't seem to be intimidated by the Allen Fieldhouse crowd despite it being just their ninth career game.
“It was a tremendous thing for me to witness and be a part of,” Hurley said.
NEWMAN HURT
Kansas starting guard Malik Newman took a knee to the head late in the game, sending them to the floor for a couple minutes as they were evaluated by medical staff.
After the game, Self said that they were told Newman suffered a concussion, but that they didn't know the severity or much of a concrete timetable for their recovery.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Kansas will tumble after the two losses. With another impressive win, Arizona State should continue its rise toward the top of the poll.
UP NEXT
Kansas heads north to face former Big 12 rival Nebraska on Saturday.
Arizona State hosts Vanderbilt next Sunday.
——
More college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Jim Carrey posted a portrait over the weekend that has gone viral of a woman assumed to be White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Tweeted Carrey with the portrait: “This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!”
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018
The AP reports: “Some Twitter users accused Carrey of shaming because of the unflattering portrait. Others were critical of their use of Christian. A spokesperson for Carrey confirms it is their painting. But they would not confirm it is Sanders.”
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. They joined The Telegraph in 2006.
PARIS — Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to hit the jackpot, as French President Emmanuel Macron prepares to award them multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The “Make Our Planet Great Again” grants are part of Macron's efforts to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a competition for the projects in June, hours after Trump declared they would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
Macron is unveiling the first winners Monday evening at a startup incubator in Paris called Station F, where Microsoft and smaller tech companies are announcing projects to finance activities aimed at reducing emissions.
Monday's event is a prelude to a bigger climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the “One Planet Summit,” co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
Initially aimed at American researchers, the research grants were expanded to other non-French climate scientists, according to organizers. Candidates need to be known for working on climate issues, have completed a thesis and propose a project that would take between three to five years.
The time frame would cover Trump's current presidential term.
The applicant list was whittled down to 90 finalists in September, the majority of them Americans or based in the U.S., according to French national research agency CNRS.
About 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with 60 million euros ($70 million) from the state and French research institutes.
Some French researchers have complained that Macron is showering money on foreign scientists at a time when they have been pleading for more support for domestic higher education.
Matt Moore, Miami Dolphins quarterback, does not ask themselves "why not me", they keep working and plans to compete as a new quarterback arrives in training camp to replace the injured Ryan Tannehill on Monday, Aug. 7, 2017.
Yesterday, OnePlus pushed out new Open Betas for the 2016 and 2017 flagships. While mostly similar, the 3/3T version differs slightly from the 5/5T one. Both, however, improve the OnePlus Switch app and add the ability to manage Parallel Apps files in the File Manager.
Here's the 5/5T changelog:
System Added disable peek notifications option for Do Not Disturb(DND) preferences (Settings - Alert slider - Do not disturb)
Added disable peek notifications option in reading mode (Settings - Display - Reading mode)
Optimized PIN code confirmation process (Settings - Security & lock screen - Screen lock - PIN)
Optimized sleep standby power consumption (Settings - Battery - Battery optimization - Advanced optimization) OnePlus Switch UI improvements
Improved support for application data migration
General bug fixes and stability improvements File Manager Now able to manage Parallel Apps files
And the 3/3T's:
OnePlus Switch UI improvements
Improved support for application data migration
General bug fixes and stability improvements File Manager Now able to manage Parallel Apps files Camera New Camera UI design
All four phones are getting the updates to Switch and the File Manager, with 3/3T getting a new camera UI design. Unfortunately, I don't have a OP3 on hand to see this for myself, but I'm sure it brings it more in line with what we see with the more recent OnePlus phones.
The 5/5T, meanwhile, are getting some optimizations and improvements to the general system UI, from better power consumption in sleep to the option to remove peek notifications while you're in DND or reading mode. The most notable thing is more a convenience/quality-of-life addition; going into the screen lock settings and selecting the PIN option, you'll see a check mark below the new number entry field. Activating this will unlock your phone as soon as you enter the final number of your PIN. By no means new – I remember it from the old CyanogenMod days and it's on Huawei devices – it's definitely something I like to have.
If you haven't received the OTA yet, then you can download and flash the update in recovery. Be sure to go to the correct link below for your phone!
The construction of the first two warehouses at Suffolk Park in Bury St Edmunds is set to start next month, following an agreement between developer Jaynic and PGIM Real Estate.
A £13 million contract has been awarded to Readie Construction Ltd for the two units of 147,241 sq ft and 206,491 sq ft on the 19-acre plot.
Ben Oughton, Jaynic development director, said: “We are delighted to have partnered with PGIM Real Estate for this project. These units will form the only speculative development in this area currently being undertaken.
“It will provide much needed stock that can be delivered before the end of 2018 and setting the scheme apart from other development sites in the vicinity.”
PGIM is providing the majority of the loan finance for the development, which is a multi-partner initiative with St Edmundsbury Borough Council and housebuilder Taylor Wimpey.
John Griffiths, leader of St Edmundsbury Borough Council, said: “These two new units will help provide a range of opportunities both for existing local businesses looking to expand, and for businesses outside of the area wishing to relocate to West Suffolk.
“All of this will of course create new jobs and new opportunities for our residents and continue to ensure that West Suffolk remains a great place both to live and to work.”
The buildings are due to open in November.
The secret to a glowing, youthful complexion may not come from the beauty counter, but from your local farmers market.
At least, according to makeup and beauty expert Wendy Rowe.
“When you eat things that are natural and organic … that shows on the outside, too,” says Rowe, whose clients include such fresh-faced stars as Sienna Miller and Cara Delevingne. Them new lifestyle and beauty book, “Eat Beautiful” (Clarkson Potter, out now), boasts some 70 recipes featuring “nutrient-boosting ingredients” that will, per the author, “nourish your skin from the inside out.”
Could one eat one's way to more beautiful skin? I was willing — OK, desperate — to find out, and turned to Rowe for help.
“The most important thing is to buy fresh produce,” Rowe says, suggesting I make their bone broth and use it for a soup with organic vegetables. They also recommend abstaining from alcohol three days a week, braving the cold to get air and sunshine, exercising 20 minutes a day, and washing and moisturizing morning and night. As for some of the more extreme advice in their book — like chewing each piece of food 40 times and fasting twice a week — they suggest I just do what feels right.
“You don't want to murder anyone,” they say. “It's all about listening to your body — and being mindful of what you eat.”
On Sunday, I start off with hot water with lemon to aid digestion, and visit the farmers market, where I buy leafy greens, root vegetables and a whole chicken. I feel so virtuously “mindful” that I reward myself by eating out at my favorite restaurant and ordering a glass of wine. And then another. But I do dutifully chew each mouthful of food 40 times, which is not as easy as it sounds and makes me look — judging from my dining companion's facial expressions — like I've lost my mind.
I don't know if it's my imagination, but after five days my skin looks better: fewer zits, tighter pores, and a bright and rosy complexion.
Monday, I make myself Rowe's red cabbage salad for lunch, featuring kale, shaved carrots, sliced almonds and a turmeric dressing. The roughage makes me feel more bloated than “beautiful,” plus I then stay up all night to make roast chicken and broth so I can eat “clean” for the rest of the week, which means I end up exhausted.
But the fowl? The stock? Delicious. Most of the recipes I try from “Eat Beautiful” are tasty. The chicken stew with carrots and sweet potato gets unexpected sweetness from sweating “infection fighting” onions and garlic in coconut oil. The pureed kale soup is rich and flavorful. The whitefish with parsley butter is simple and virtuous.
I avoid wine and wind down nights with herbal tea, a surprisingly satisfying ritual I plan to (mostly) keep. I also give myself two “calming” chamomile-mud face masks — which Rowe recommends, although I went for store-bought as opposed to one of their DIY concoctions. I don't know if it's my imagination, but after five days my skin looks better: fewer zits, tighter pores, and a bright and rosy complexion.
On the sixth day of the cleanse, I try to drink only liquids, first a coconut-pineapple-spinach smoothie and then several cups of broth. But I break down at lunch and order lentil soup and practically inhale the complimentary — and “beauty betraying,” as Rowe calls it — white bread that comes with it.
When I get back to the office, a colleague tells me that my skin looks “great” — leaving me guilt-ridden.
“I'm going to do this diet forever,” I tell myself. And by “forever,” I mean until the weekend, when I gorge on Cuban food and red wine — and don't feel bad about it in the least.
It's been called a faulty, error-prone failure. But that might not stop this system for rooting out vote fraud from getting a national debut.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, the vice chair of President Donald Trump's vote fraud commission, is looking to expand the "Interstate Voter Registration Crosscheck Program" that he's developed in their state to sweep possible illegal voters off the rolls.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Calls Out States Withholding Voter Info at Election Integrity Meeting 1:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Crosscheck is a computer system designed to detect fraud by finding matches in voter registration lists shared by dozens of states and thereby detecting suspected double voters.
But experts warn that Kobach could be laying the groundwork for voter suppression by using the presidential panel as a vehicle to push for the creation of a national version of the Crosscheck program. Critics fear that could lead to the widespread purging of eligible voters from the rolls because of false positive matches.
"What Crosscheck does a very bad job of is going from dual registrations to dual voting," said Mark Johnson, an election law professor at the University of Kansas. "We can be registered in two or four states, but that doesn't mean we vote in two or four states."
Mark Johnson, an election law professor at the University of Kansas and attorney. Courtesy Mark Johnson
In 2013, nearly 40,000 people, suspected of being double voters, were purged from the voter rolls in Virginia due to the results of Crosscheck.
Supporters of the system, however, said it's effective for cleaning up voter rolls, particularly removing inactive or dead voters.
"It's one more tool in the toolbox and making sure that voter rolls are kept clean," Kansas Rep. Keith Esau, a Republican who has promoted the system, told NBC News.
Related: Illegal Voting? Not Much in Kobach's Home State
The Crosscheck program was created in 2005 by then-Kansas Secretary of State Ron Thornburgh, along with a group of other bordering Midwestern states.
Kobach took it over when they came into office in 2011 and aggressively expanded Crosscheck. Today, there are 30 states in the program that share tens of millions of pieces of voter data.
How Crosscheck works
The system matches a voter's full name and date of birth in one state with registered voters' names shared by other states in the program and flags "potential matches," or possible double voters. It also uses partial Social Security numbers as an additional authentication step.
However, the program has come under scrutiny for stoking myths about unproven claims of widespread vote fraud because of its statistical matching flaws. Thousands of voters across the country share the same name and even the same birthday.
Related: Trump Administration Stirs Alarm Over Voter Purges
"It is highly likely that there is someone in Virginia that has the same name as I do and is born on the same day as I was," said Johnson, the election law professor. "Crosscheck will pick us up as a match and will tell Virginia, ‘We have a guy who lives in Kansas who is also registered to vote in Virginia.'"
"You'll have thousands of people taken off the voter rolls for no reason for the fact that they have the same name and birthday as someone else," they added.
A detailed study earlier this year by academics from Harvard, Stanford, Yale, the University of Pennsylvania and Microsoft Research found one of the biggest problems with the program — for each alleged case of double voting found, 200 legitimate voters could be tossed from the rolls.
"The necessity of this system is if vote fraud is actually happening, if there's rampant double voting going on," said Marc Meredith, a researcher who worked on the study and teaches at the University of Pennsylvania.
Marc Meredith, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania. Courtesy Marc Meredith
"Given that the amount of double voting that is currently happening is relatively small…you have the possibility of causing more harm than good," they added.
Oregon saw that firsthand and decided to quit Crosscheck.
"The reason they pulled out was because there were far too many false positives," said Al Ippolito, special assistant to the Oregon secretary of state.
Oregon is now a part of the Electronic Registration Information Center, or ERIC, a bi-partisan group of 20 states and the District of Columbia, that also shares voter data. Ippolito said ERIC works "much, much better."
Washington State also dropped out because the data "wasn't useful," said Erich Ebel, a spokesperson for the secretary of state's office said. Florida followed suit.
In the face of the program's flaws, Virginia, also a member of ERIC, continues to use Crosscheck but with caution, said Edgardo Cortés, the commissioner of elections in Virginia.
They said that erroneous purging of tens of thousands of legitimate voters took place under a previous administration because Virginia officials had no verification methods in place to vet Crosscheck's results. Under Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, they said, stricter measures were adopted.
"It helps protect voters from inappropriate removal," Cortes said. "It's really about using data, but it's using data in an appropriate way to conduct (voter) list maintenance."
Some states praise the system
Colorado and Indiana are among the states that have found Crosscheck useful.
Connie Lawson, the Indiana secretary of state who also serves on the vote fraud commission, said local county election officials carefully review each Crosscheck result to ensure accuracy.
"It is rare for an incorrect match to be passed along," said Ian Hauer, a spokesperson for the office.
Colorado also placed safeguards in its Crosscheck process. Once the state receives the matches, it then uses additional data to confirm the findings.
Ben Schler, the legal and policy expert in the Colorado secretary of state's office, said that the Crosscheck system is not used primarily as a tool for prosecuting vote fraud but instead to maintain the accuracy of voter rolls.
"I don't think (vote fraud) happens that much, but it's still something that worth preventing," they said. "Crosscheck is not perfect but as an additional tool this is still something that is a useful tool to identify people that vote in more than one state."
Could Crosscheck go national?
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach on Feb. 17, 2015. The Washington Post / The Washington Post/Getty Images
The 2016 Republican National Committee platform — Kobach served on the party's platform committee — urged "every state to join the Interstate Voter Registration Cross-Check Program to keep voter rolls accurate and to prevent people from voting in more than one state in the same election."
One of Kobach's first moves on the Trump vote fraud panel was to seek massive amounts of voter data from the states, many of which have resisted the request.
"This (Crosscheck) program, hosted by Kansas and in 30 states, illustrates how a successful multi-state effort can be in enhancing the integrity of our elections and in keeping our voter rolls accurate," Kobach said at a meeting of the panel. "I'm confident that this commission will be equally successful on the national level."
That's left some concerned that the vote fraud commission could be heading toward recommending a national Crosscheck-like system.
Connecticut secretary of state-elect Denise Merrill. Jessica Hill / AP file
Connecticut Secretary of State Denise Merrill, a Democrat, said they are worried the commission wants a national database of possible double voters, similar to Crosscheck, which they believe could be used to place political pressure on state election officials to purge their rolls.
"Secretary Kobach has been promoting this idea for many years," they said.
"I think he's envisioning that the state would get the information from this national source and let's say there's a list of 36,000 names that are matched and claimed to be registered in more than one state, they would then send that information to the state and the state would be requested to check it out," they added. "Once that number is out there in the public then there is pressure to do something about it."
Kobach's office did not respond to requests for comment.
Esau, the Kansas lawmaker and fan of Crosscheck, recently gave a presentation touting the benefits of the program to a national conference of state lawmakers. They said he'd like to see Crosscheck go national.
"We want to make sure that our elections are safe and secure and cleaning up the voter rolls is a part of that," Esau said.
NASA astronauts Steven Smith and John Grunsfeld perform a spacewalk during a December 1999 mission of the space shuttle Discovery to service the Hubble Space Telescope.
Hubble flew into orbit on April 24, 1990, aboard Discovery. The first major optical telescope to be placed in space, Hubble has circled Earth more than 163,500 times and traveled even farther than the distance from Earth to Pluto.
Here's a small sampling of some of the dazzling images captured by Hubble that have changed the way we view the universe.
‘Hannibal' fans launch petition to save canceled show After word broke Monday that NBC was canceling “Hannibal” after three seasons, distraught fans wasted no time in launching a campaign to save the show. A petition on change.org has...
Petition under way for Yogi Berra to receive Freedom Medal They deserve America's highest honor for their Yogi-isms alone! Yankees legend and Hall of Fame catcher Yogi Berra should be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, according to an online...
Fans launch petition to block Vick from Jets' training camp The Jets' signing of quarterback Michael Vick remains unpopular with certain segments of their fan base and now a petition has started online in an attempt to keep them off...
Three Arroyo aides charged over forged election petitions Three former campaign workers for Bronx Councilwoman Maria del Carmen Arroyo were charged Wednesday with forgery for submitting election petitions with fake names — including of celebrities such as Derek...
Bookworms: Library misled us in central-library plan petition Angry bookworms say they were duped into signing a petition asking Mayor de Blasio to support the New York Public Library's controversial central-library plan. The top of the NYPL's online...
Prison support group starts petition to free Barbara Sheehan Free Barbara Sheehan! A prison support group has started an online petition calling on Gov. Cuomo to grant clemency to the Queens woman serving a five-year sentence for gun possession...
Already, 2017 has been a big year for solar bankruptcies. Residential solar company Sungevity and commercial solar supplier Beamreach have both filed for bankruptcy, following a year when Verengo Solar and SunEdison went under. And Yingli Green Energy, formerly a world leader on solar panel volume, just lost $267.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 on $294.0 million in revenue, so its days in its current form are likely numbered.
Continue Reading Below
But 2017 won't end without a few more companies going under or devolving into much-weaker financial positions. Here are the trends to look for as the year shakes out.
Solar panels on a residential rooftop. Image source: SunPower.
Low prices and technology
Every part of the solar supply chain has been squeezed over the last few years. Solar module prices fell by about one-third in 2016 alone, and the development business has seen margins evaporate. The result is shrinking earnings, which you can see below (JinkoSolar (NYSE: JKS) reported a one-time gain, without which the company would have been about breakeven for net income in Q4 2016).
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
CSIQ Net Income (Quarterly) data by YCharts.
The challenge for Canadian Solar (NASDAQ: CSIQ), JinkoSolar, JA Solar (NASDAQ: JASO), and Hanwha Q Cells (NASDAQ: HQCL) is that they all have multiple gigawatts of manufacturing capacity. As module prices fall, the effects disproportionately flow to the bottom line, resulting in the net losses you see above. Worse yet, if more efficient cells and modules make capacity obsolete, losses will only grow.
What we've seen in the past year is a renewed focus on efficiency for solar projects large and small. Multi-silicon capacity that once dominated the industry is trending toward mono-silicon, and even more efficient processes, known as mono-PERC, will be next. Manufacturers are chasing the industry trends and it's a tough game just to keep up.
Designing components out of the market
The other big risk for companies is their products becoming commoditized and eventually becoming obsolete. Enphase Energy (NASDAQ: ENPH) was once a fast-growing microinverter suppliers, a valuable position as module-level electronics became an industry standard. ButSolarEdge Technologies (NASDAQ: SEDG) entered the market with power optimizers and soon moved into inverters as well.
The challenge for both companies is that their offerings are becoming irrelevant as new designs incorporate inverters. SunPower (NASDAQ: SPWR) bought a microinverter company and has integrated microinverters into its high-efficiency X-Series product at the factory level. Canadian Solar has also made an AC solar module (meaning it has a microinverter). As cost pressure gets stronger, companies that make components that can be designed out or integrated at the factory by a manufacturer will be in danger. With that in mind, I don't like where Enphase or SolarEdge is positioned in the market.
Weakening residential solar installers
A report out last week showed that national solar installers are pricing their systems higher than local installers. That's not good news for installers and finance companies that grew rapidly over the last five years, especially those with no way to differentiate themselves.
Spruce Finance, a company formed when Clean Power Finance and Kilowatt Financial merged, has gotten over $2 billion of funds to finance residential solar projects, but it's now on the ropes. Power Finance & Risk reports that Goldman Sachs has been hired to find a buyer for the company, but after layoffs earlier this year, selling the company's assets off and shuttering operations seem likely.
The two public companies to watch this year are Vivint Solar (NYSE: VSLR) and Sunrun (NASDAQ: RUN), which are the second- and third-largest residential solar installers in the country but on tenuous financial footing. They need a constant flow of project sales and financing to keep their business afloat, and any slowdown can leave the companies in trouble. The failure of Verengo, Sungevity, and potentially Spruce Solar shows that financing may not be as easy to come by as it once was. And it's now clear that as large installers aren't pricing systems competitively, they could be in financial trouble for the long term.
The winners going forward
Companies that are essential to solar installations and can command a premium for their products will be in the best position in solar going forward. For example, SunPower's X-Series solar panels are seeing strong demand and margins, despite the pricing pressure that hit the industry in 2016. As they are a premium, critical component, high-efficiency solar panels should be well-positioned in 2017. Commodity modules, on the other hand, have seen margins shrink, which you can see in the chart above.
A strong balance sheet will also be a differentiator in the months ahead. Customers will want to work with companies that have a solid enough balance sheet to live up to supply agreements and warranties. And with a very small cost difference between one commodity panel and another, customers will trend to the stronger company (see Yingli's loss of customers in the last two years). Below is a look at where debt on the balance sheet stands for the companies I highlighted above.
CSIQ Total Long Term Debt (Quarterly) data by YCharts.
Enphase Energy will probably find itself in trouble this year if it can't turn its business around. I wouldn't be surprised to see SolarEdge face similar challenges as the residential market struggles and module makers design the company out of the system.
Hanwha Q Cells is probably the weakest of the solar module manufacturers I highlighted above. It has $1.3 billion in debt and is losing money. But it may survive with the backing of parent Hanwha.
In the residential space, it will be interesting to see if Vivint Solar and Sunrun can post profits, or whether they face similar financial pressure that has collapsed rivals.
It's difficult to say exactly which solar companies are going to end up bankruptcy court in 2017, but if history is any guide, there will be another shake-up that will end with weak players being pushed out of the market.
10 stocks we like better thanWal-Mart
When investing geniuses David and TomGardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter theyhave run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tomjust revealed what they believe are theten best stocksfor investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn't one of them! That's right — theythink these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click hereto learn about these picks!
*StockAdvisor returns as of April 3, 2017
The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned.
Travis Hoium owns shares of SunPower. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
On a mobile device? Click here to watch LIVE.
The last of the area sprinkles ended Monday afternoon, but we are still waiting for cooler, drier air to roll in from the west and northwest. That will occur Monday night and very early Tuesday morning as the second of a pair of cold fronts sweeps east of the viewing area.
Expect a Tuesday morning start for the Red Stick around 50° to the lower 50s under generally fair skies. You'll notice a nice drop in the humidity too. We may not have entirely clear skies for Tuesday as wraparound flow brings clouds from the north, but you can look forward to fair skies through most of the day. Tuesday will be cooler in the afternoon too, with highs topping out in the 60s for most WAFB neighborhoods. And don't forget Tuesday is the official first day of spring (astronomical spring - Spring Equinox). The official time for the change in seasons is 11:15 a.m. CDT.
The First Alert Forecast into the weekend looks like a great one! A warming trend will begin on Wednesday and continue into the weekend. The warm up will be accompanied by lots of sunshine for the work week with a mainly dry weekend on the way as well. Our forecast calls for highs in the Capital region around 70° for Wednesday, in the 70s for Thursday and Friday, and into the 80s for the weekend.
In the extended outlook, we are posting spotty showers for Sunday afternoon with a 30 percent chance of rain on Monday. Don't let that ever so slight rain chance on Sunday change any weekend plans!
The Mississippi River is cresting along its stretch through the WAFB area, but we can expect extra high water to persist for Ole' Man River for the next five to seven days before we start to see river levels fall. There's still a bit of a rise to come for the lower Atchafalaya (Morgan City), but the upper and middle stretches of that river are at/near crest and should show slow falls this week.
CLICK HERE for more weather news.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
It's not easy to follow Rihanna, but Maxwell Coombs-Esmail and Adam Thomison are up for the challenge.
On Feb. 6, the two designers behind local streetwear label Control Sector will launch their first women's line at Six:02, Foot Locker's more upscale Herald Square boutique, a space previously occupied by Bad Girl RiRi's Fenty Puma wares.
“They're having us do an entire store takeover,” says Thomison, a 38-year-old native Californian, about Control Sector's collection of leather crop tops, silky gold “joggers” and a Rihanna-worthy “hoodie dress” with slits up the leg. “We're superexcited.”
The pair met about five years ago, when they — along with Thomison's younger brother, Luke — were studying fashion design and merchandising at the Fashion Institute of Technology in the Garment District. Coombs-Esmail, a 27-year-old former competitive snowboarder, had several design classes with Luke, a West Coast skater, and they clicked immediately. “We did all our homework together, hung out together . . . and that's how I met this guy,” they say, pointing to Thomison.
The three started Control Sector shortly after graduating in 2013, just as the fashion world began to go crazy over the skater-inspired look.
“We wanted to create clothing you can just throw on, run out the door and look awesome [in],” Coombs-Esmail says. But it wasn't easy for three novices to put together a collection on a shoestring budget; two weeks before one of their first Fashion Week presentations, they realized they had never gotten samples back from the factory.
“Luke and I essentially handmade the entire collection in two weeks, just sewing day to night,” says Coombs-Esmail. “Some of my final projects from FIT ended up in there, because we just needed to show something! But people actually ended up really liking it.” (Luke had to later leave the label due to health issues.)
A sales associate for Foot Locker, who had been at one of Control Sector's early shows, actually approached the designers at a trade fair in August, asking if they were ever going to release clothing for women. “Then they said, ‘How would you feel about releasing it exclusively with Six:02?' ” says Coombs-Esmail. “I was like, ‘I would feel pretty good about that.' ”
The resulting collection — which will also be available on Six:02's Web site — contains some 20 pieces, ranging from $45 for a cotton tank dress to $595 for an embroidered leather bomber.
It's just the first of a series of big launches for the duo. In February, Control Sector will debut its Spring 2017 collection at New York Fashion Week. And in March, the designers will unveil a new collaboration with Fetty Wap called By Order Of . . . , filled with camo puffer jackets and screen-printed hoodies.
“It's been a long road, but this year is already really starting to feel like there's a big shift in energy behind the brand,” says Thomison. “Maybe soon we can hire someone to answer e-mails.”
No more waiting for the weekends: Berg'n, the new food hall from the creators of the Brooklyn Flea and Smorgasburg, is now open. The 9,000-square-foot hall at 899 Bergen St....
Knicks owner James Dolan has no plans of butting into the Phil Jackson-Carmelo Anthony feud.
Before being a central figure in Wednesday night's Garden ejection and subsequent arrest of ex-Knick Charles Oakley, Dolan had stayed behind the scenes, remained out of the limelight, content to let Phil be Phil.
Maybe Dolan didn't know everything they were getting into when they hired Jackson, the eccentric and legendary coach, nearly three years ago as team president, but they intend to keep their vow not to stick themselves in the middle of the feud brewing between two of their most important assets.
Oakley was kicked out of the Garden on Wednesday after they bought a ticket behind Dolan's baseline seat near the Knicks bench. A source told The Post Oakley was “rambling and vulgar” to several people in the area, including Dolan himself, which brought Knicks and Garden security to the ex-player's seat where things escalated.
Dolan had been enjoying not being the target of the slings and arrows that come with yet another losing season. Jackson has taken the hit for the Knicks' recent annual free falls, and Dolan feels that alone has been worth the Zen Master's $60 million contract.
Three years ago, Dolan said at the introductory press conference they would “willingly and gratefully” give up all basketball power to Jackson, and so far they have.
WASHINGTON — Just days before the Super Bowl, 48 percent of Americans say they'd encourage a child who wanted to play football to play a different sport due to concerns about concussions — up 8 points since the same question was asked four years ago, according to the latest national NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll.
That includes 46 percent of parents with a child in the household (up 9 points since 2014), 53 percent of mothers (up 13 points) and 39 percent of fathers (up 6 points).
Overall, 49 percent of Americans disagree, saying they wouldn't encourage a child to play another sport due to concerns about concussions.
In addition, the NBC/WSJ poll found that 33 percent of Americans believe the National Football League has taken meaningful action to reduce and prevent concussions — down from 41 percent in 2014. (Twenty-eight percent said the NFL had not taken meaningful action, up 8 points since 2014.)
The poll — which was taken after findings of brain disease in deceased NFL football players, as well as after some players began protesting during the national anthem — shows a decline in those who say they closely follow professional football.
According to the survey, 49 percent say they follow the NFL closely, down 9 points since 2014.
By contrast, 51 percent say they don't follow it closely, which is up 9 points from four years ago.
The biggest declines in close followers have come from demographic groups making up key parts of President Donald Trump's political base; Trump has criticized NFL players for taking a knee in protest at racial inequality before games.
Those demographic groups include men ages 18-49 (a drop of 24 points), men without college degrees (-23 points) and white men (-22 points).
By contrast, there has been almost no change among African-Americans (59 percent of whom say they closely follow pro football, versus 58 percent in 2014); Latinos (53 percent are close followers now, versus 51 percent four years ago); or women (47 percent now, same as in 2014).
The NBC/WSJ poll was conducted Jan. 13-17 with 900 adults — including nearly half reached by cellphone — and has an overall margin of error of plus-minus 3.3 percentage points.
FILE - In this Wednesday, May 3, 2017, file photo, Sudan, the world's last male northern white rhino, is photographed at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia county in Kenya. Researchers say Sudan has died after "age-related complications." A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized Monday, March 19, 2018, after their condition "worsened significantly" and they were no longer able to stand. File AP Photo
By Zolzaya Erdenebileg
According to a notice released by the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), all mobile application (“app”) stores in the country are required to register with the government. Effective since January 16, 2017, the notice cites the dangers of illegal information, user rights violation, and security risks that can be spread through mobile apps. By requiring app stores to register with the government, the notice clarifies that legal responsibility for content lies with the app store. This latest attempt by the Chinese government to increase regulatory control over mobile information and services underscores the growing importance of the industry.
‘Appification', or the process whereby web pages are translated into mobile operating systems for ease of access and use on smartphones, has gained momentum in China. As a result , mobile apps have become the main user interface, and have changed the ways in which people consume and businesses sell.
The growth of mobile apps
In 2016, total worldwide downloads from the iOS App Store and Google Play increased by 15 percent, exceeding 90 billion downloads. This same year, smartphone users spent almost 900 billion hours on apps, an increase of 25 percent from 2015. China was largely responsible for this rapid growth, contributing almost 50 percent to the iOS App Store's annual growth. In the third quarter of 2016 alone, the Chinese market created over US$1.7 billion in iOS revenue. China now leads the market by more than 15 percent over the next largest market, the United States. This command is only expected to widen as internet penetration increases and the Chinese app market continues to mature.
The mobile app market in China is highly conducive for growth. Compared to the US or UK, Chinese consumers on average use more apps . According to App Annie, an app intelligence firm, the average Chinese consumer uses an average of almost 40 apps per month, while the average American consumer uses about 35. Chinese consumers now spend five times more in the App Store than they did two years earlier.
A burgeoning Chinese mobile app market
App Annie predicts that China will have the largest revenue growth of any country by 2020. Games were the most popular downloads in the third quarter of 2016, making up 75 percent of all revenue. However, entertainment and video streaming apps have gained popularity, and mobile shopping apps show great promise. Social networking apps such as Tencent's QQ messaging app, which saw its largest increase in revenue thus far, also performed well this past year.
Android is increasing its share of sales in the Chinese market, while iOS has had a harder time. However, Google Play is blocked in China, allowing for the growth of several domestic firms. There are over 200 app stores in China, and about 54 percent of all app users go through third party app stores. Large domestic companies, like Tencent, Qihoo 360, and Baidu, have created their own stores, which have performed well.
The top five android app stores in China, ranked by coverage, are the following:
Regulating the market
Fragmentation of the market makes government regulation difficult , and leaves the market susceptible to a proliferation of viruses. China is one of the markets most affected by malware infection. According to Cheetah Mobile Security, more than 1.4 million mobile devices were contaminated by viruses as of January 2016. With the CAC notice, the government is signaling its intent to crack down on this issue, but whether it will have much effect still remains to be seen.
Key takeaways
The growth of China's mobile app usage and the bright future of the market is attracting app developers from around the world. However, industry competition is fierce, with top international companies targeting the market, and strong performance from local teams as well. Government regulatory oversight is likely to expand and influence the development of the industry, making a clear understanding of China's idiosyncratic cybersecurity laws all the more important for foreign entrants.
About the author: This article first appeared in China Briefing by Dezan Shira & Associates, a specialist foreign direct investment practice, providing corporate establishment, business advisory, tax advisory, and compliance, accounting, payroll, due diligence, and financial review services to multinationals investing in China, Hong Kong, India, Vietnam, Singapore and the rest of ASEAN. For further information, please email [email protected] or visit www.dezshira.com.
Chris Noble, who grew up in the Florida Keys, will be one of the 20 castaways competing on ‘Survivor' this season. The CBS show marks its 36th season with the theme of ‘Ghost Island,' premiering at 8 p.m. Feb. 28. Robert Voets CBS
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The Senate rejected a ban on late-term abortions late Monday. It was an unsurprising outcome, but such a ban is a big priority for anti-abortion-rights politicians in Congress.
The bill would have banned all abortions after 20 weeks on the grounds that the fetus would feel pain and suffer during the procedure.
Abortion is legal in the U.S. and protected as a right to privacy. But why would any woman want such a late-term abortion, anyway? And can a fetus really feel pain?
Dr. Daniel Grossman of the University of California San Francisco boiled it down to a series of tweets.
“Research has shown a fetus does not yet have the capacity to experience pain until at least the third trimester, and unlikely until birth,” they said in one tweet addressed to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican.
.@SenateMajLdr, you noted that “fetal pain” is your main reason for banning abortion at 20 weeks, and I'd like to take the opportunity to share some evidence-based medical information on this with you, as well. https://t.co/PsoxO8nrsj — Dr. Daniel Grossman (@DrDGrossman) January 26, 2018
“This has become such a highly politicized topic that the facts really get lost,” Grossman told NBC News.
Scientific studies indicate it's not biologically possible for a fetus to feel pain, they said.
“The nerve fibers that connect the pain receptors to the cerebral cortex, where they would be able to perceive the pain, those fibers aren't even present until the third trimester of pregnancy – after 26 or 28 weeks,” they said.
Related: Ireland weighs change in abortion laws
“So the connections just aren't there. All the best evidence by researchers in this area indicate that if the fetus can feel pain at all while in the womb, it's really later, in the third trimester,” they added.
“There is some data to suggest that the fetus is kind of in a semi-anesthesized state throughout all of the pregnancy and that all of the perceptions are blunted.”
Women seek abortions after 20 weeks for many reasons, Grossman said, including a late diagnosis of a severe fetal abnormality that means it would not survive after birth, or be in severe pain.
Women may also need an abortion to save their lives. “Sometimes the patient may develop complications of the pregnancy and the treatment is delivery and when that is at 20 or 21 weeks, that means terminating the pregnancy,” Grossman said.
Related: Trump decision to protect anti-abortion doctors draws criticism
“I really feel like it's important for policymakers, legislators, to use the best available scientific evidence when they are making policy related to health. I also think it's important for them to listen to the patients that are affected by this healthcare and neither of those things were done related to this recent bill.”
Similar to the fight to pass the Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act, it's only a matter of time until we secure the votes to pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. — Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) January 29, 2018
And, Grossman asserted, state laws aimed at protecting unborn babies are in fact forcing women to have later and later abortions.
“It's also important to recognize that women have to jump through more and more hoops to access abortion care here in the U.S. even though it's still legal. And those obstacles that are put in their way are creating delays before they can access care,” they said.
Restrictive laws in Texas, for example, led to clinic closures that meant longer waits for abortions. “There was a 27 percent increase in second-trimester abortions,” they said.
Image copyright Getty Images
People who are overweight or obese are at increased risk of heart disease even if they appear medically healthy, experts are warning.
The work, in the European Heart Journal, is further evidence against the idea people can be "fat but fit".
The researchers studied health data on more than half a million people in 10 European countries, including the UK.
Normal blood pressure, cholesterol and blood sugar levels were no assurance of good heart health among obese people.
After a follow-up period of more than 12 years, 7,637 of the people in the study had developed heart disease.
Weight appeared to be a risk factor.
In the study, people who were overweight or obese but had healthy blood pressure, blood sugar and cholesterol readings were about 28% more likely to develop heart disease than individuals with similar readings and a healthy bodyweight.
Being fat and "metabolically unhealthy" - having high blood pressure, cholesterol and blood sugar - was riskier still.
Are you a healthy weight for your height?
The researchers at Imperial College London and the University of Cambridge say the findings are a reminder that carrying too much fat can store up health problems for the future.
Dr Ioanna Tzoulaki, from Imperial's School of Public Health, said: "I think there is no longer this concept of healthy obese.
"If anything, our study shows that people with excess weight who might be classed as 'healthy' haven't yet developed an unhealthy metabolic profile.
"That comes later in the timeline, then they have an event, such as a heart attack."
Image copyright Getty Images
According to the researchers, the excess weight itself may not be increasing the risk of heart disease directly, but rather over time through mechanisms such as increased blood pressure and high glucose.
Prof Metin Avkiran, from the British Heart Foundation, which part-funded the research, said: "The take-home message here is that maintaining a healthy body weight is a key step towards maintaining a healthy heart."
These babies were more or less conceived on TV Late nights shooting scenes, secluded filming locations, hands touching while reaching for a bagel at the craft services table — it makes sense that co-stars can't help but get it...
What will 'Gotham' do without Fish Mooney? In Monday's episode of “Gotham,” “Beasts of Prey,” campy femme fatale Fish Mooney (Jada Pinkett Smith) took a bullet to the gut. Though she's certain to hang on for the...
5 reasons why Fish Mooney is still the best character on 'Gotham' Warning: This article contains spoilers. “Gotham” fans are buzzing about Monday night's episode, “Red Hood,” which left the show's breakout character, Fish Mooney (Jada Pinkett-Smith), seeing things from a new...
10 TV stars to watch for this fall We are a little over a month away from the end of the broadcast television season, and we'd rather not talk about it — since so much of it was...
UKTV recently announced that it's commissioned four more seasons of Taskmaster at once, and as season six of the comedy game show gets underway, it's easy to see why.
Advertisement
Here's everything you need to know about series six of Dave's hit oddball show Taskmaster.
When is Taskmaster back on TV?
Season six airs on Wednesdays at 9pm on Dave, and will run for 10 hour-long episodes, finishing on Wednesday 4th July.
What's it about?
The brainchild of comedian Alex Horne, Taskmaster has a fairly simple premise. Inbetweeners' star Greg Davies is the omnipotent Taskmaster, with Horne as their assistant. Horne sets a comedy panel a series of wacky challenges – making a tower of lemons, performing a stunt in a wheelbarrow – which results in a spectacle that resembles, as panellist Russell Howard puts it, “watching someone have a breakdown during their Blue peter audition tape”. Davies then scores each contestant's efforts.
The panel changes each series, with previous alumni including Bake Off's Noel Fielding and Your Face or Mine's Katherine Ryan. This season the comedians attempting to impress Davies with their antics are Alice Levine, Asim Chaudry, Russell Howard, Tim Vine (in a snazzy safari suit) and Liza Tarbuck.
Advertisement
The show has been a huge success for Dave and UKTV, nominated for Bafta and an Emmy, with last year's Christmas episode drawing in almost a million viewers. In a statement following a four-series renewal in February 2018, executive producer Jon Thoday said: “We are delighted by Dave's ongoing commitment and support for Taskmaster. It's great to know the exceptionally creative team behind it will continue to surprise and entertain viewers with this hugely popular and original show.”
Baltimore's new police commissioner has downplayed concerns that there might be rampant corruption in the city's police force despite testimony in a criminal trial against Gun Trace Task Force members.
Mayor Catherine Pugh introduced police Commissioner Darryl D. De Sousa to the city's delegates and most of its Senators at a Friday meeting, The Baltimore Sun reported .
When Del. Mary Washington asked De Sousa how they planned to change the Police Department's culture, they started off by emphasizing what has been a frequent refrain from Pugh: “It's very few bad apples that spoil the entire barrel.”
Detectives Daniel Hersl and Marcus Taylor of the gun unit are currently on trial. More than two dozen witnesses have testified in recent weeks that the officers were detaining people without cause and pocketing thousands of dollars in cash they recovered, the newspaper reported.
Six officers have pleaded guilty in the case and four of them are testifying for the government.
De Sousa said he's working with the FBI to synthesize lessons from the case that will be “immediately implemented in our trainings.”
They said he's building what they called a “constitutional and impartial policing unit” and mentioned plans to bring a police/community engagement program from Howard University to three local colleges.
De Sousa replaced Commissioner Kevin Davis, who Mayor Pugh fired last month after a record year in per-capita homicides.
De Sousa also said elements of their forthcoming plans to reorganize police department staff “are going to specifically address corruption and overtime within the police department.”
Earlier testimony suggested that officers had been paid overtime for hours they did not work.
——
Information from: The Baltimore Sun, http://www.baltimoresun.com
Despite protests across the country over the weekend demanding the release of President Donald Trump's tax returns, the White House is still citing an ongoing audit to explain why the documents can't be made public.
"It's the same thing that was discussed during the campaign: The president is under audit," White House Press Secretary Spicer said Monday when asked if Trump would release their 2016 returns. The IRS deadline for Americans to file is Tuesday.
Spicer didn't comment on whether Trump would authorize the IRS to confirm that he's under audit, and what years that audit pertains to.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House on 2016 Tax Returns: Trump Still Under Audit 1:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
As far as Trump's 2016 returns, they will be audited. Presidents and vice presidents are automatically audited, according to an IRS rule.
The IRS said last year that an audit does not prevent individuals from releasing their returns.
Trump broke with decades of precedent when they declined to release their returns as a candidate for the Oval Office. Then, their campaign cited ongoing audits of their taxes from 2009 to 2015 and they even quietly released a letter last March from Trump's lawyers to bolstering the audit claim.
"We'll have to get back to you on that," Spicer told a reporter Monday who asked if the time had come to say that Trump would never release their returns.
The lingering tax return questions are just one of the transparency conflicts facing the administration.
On Friday, the White House said it would not release visitor logs — a departure from the Obama administration's policy of releasing over 6 million names. Spicer attacked the prior administration for "faux" transparency, noting that the White House redacted some names as it saw fit before the documents were made public.
The Trump White House also had privacy concerns, Spicer said Monday, a key reason for the discontinuation of the voluntary visitor log release.
Spicer said the administration has been "fairly transparent" with press and public regarding the president's business meetings and schedule. However, White House aides have not provided reporters with names of President Trump's golf partners — a game they plays often and often conducts business during.
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's brief tenure in the White House may be ending abruptly, but the story is nowhere near over.
Questions linger over Flynn's contact with Russia's ambassador to the US during the US presidential transition period; and Democratic senators want answers about Flynn's misrepresentations to Vice President Mike Pence regarding their telephone conversations (that were recorded) with the ambassador, which may have focused on US sanctions against Russia.
Washington's not the only world capital abuzz because of the ongoing Flynn story. Russian lawmaker Konstantin Kosachev, who leads the upper house of parliament's international affairs committee, speculated online that the resignation shows a White House that's increasingly anti-Russian.
"Either Trump has not gained the requisite independence, and they are gradually being backed into a corner, or Russophobia has already infected the new administration also from top to bottom."
As for the response from the Kremlin? “It has been very restrained. I believe they're trying to play it down right now,” says Moscow-based journalist Natalia Antonova. They point out that the Kremlin has denied that Flynn discussed lifting sanctions with the Russian envoy, and today it only added that the resignation was an internal matter for the US to deal with.
"We've said everything we want to say," said Russian President Vladimir Putin's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov.
Peskov: There have been no talks between #Russia and the #UnitedStates about the lifting of sanctions https://t.co/KWhjB3UMj1 pic.twitter.com/IUTlmXMTEL — Russia in the USA (@RusEmbUSA) February 13, 2017
Here's why the Kremlin is mostly mum on the story, according to Antonova: “I think they're playing this down because Flynn really did discuss sanctions with the Russian ambassador, so it would definitely not be in their interest, in the Kremlin's interest in particular, to dwell on this issue, because then of course they are going to push their agenda, and they do want to work with a Trump White House on ending sanctions, and this would actually be a setback for them.”
Another reaction coming from Moscow, says Antonova, is based on the fact that Russian politics are typically much more informal than American politics. “Officials bend the rules all the time,” they say, “as long as they don't run afoul of Putin or their own immediate boss, they're OK. So to a lot of the laypeople in Russia, a simple conversation between Flynn and the Russian ambassador seems just fine. It's like, "But why wouldn't they discuss sanctions?"
Here's what's bothering me:
Flynn's lie about Russia didn't bring them down. Exposure of lie did. WH knew weeks ago & did nothing. Why? — Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) February 14, 2017
But put yourself in Russian President Putin's shoes? What are they thinking when they look at the chaos in Washington over President Donald Trump's now dismissed national security adviser?
On the surface at least, a chaotic White House is a big boon to Russia for several reasons. “Russians love sowing doubt in the American population … and obviously, the initial instinct is to be happy when things go wrong,” says Antonova, “but at the same time, if I was Putin, if I was sitting there in the Kremlin, I would be worried about a chaotic White House with its finger on the nuclear launch codes and everything else in a worst-case scenario.
“There are so many other areas in which an unpredictable White House is actually bad for Russia especially because Russia shares a border with China, and the relationship between the Trump White House and the Chinese is so murky and unpredictable right now, as well. If I was Putin, I might be happy on the outside, but sort of doubtful and possibly a little bit upset underneath.”
From PRI's The World ©2016 PRI
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Some residents in Douglaston, Queens, say a new bike lane is an accident waiting to happen.
Last week, the city installed the bike lane on heavily traveled Northern Boulevard between Douglaston Parkway and the Cross Island Parkway. It's protected by a concrete divider, which some some say has led to accidents, including one Thursday.
“This is like a highway,” Lawrence Glynn told CBS2's Scott Rapoport. “You might as well put a bike lane of the Long Island Expressway if you're going to do this.”
The problem, opponents say, is that some motorists traveling along Northern Boulevard don't know there's a bike lane ahead, as the road narrows from three lanes to two. The bike lane and concrete divider appear to come out of nowhere, critics say.
There are no warning signs posted.
State Sen. Tony Avella said the bike lane is dangerous and needs to be scrapped.
“I think this is a nightmare,” they said.
Avella said the city Department of Transportation installed bright orange cones in front of the concrete barriers just Friday morning.
The senator said their office has received reports of four accidents there since the lane was installed, reports they are still trying to confirm. They said you can see scrape marks on the divider from where cars have apparently hit it.
“All of a sudden, you're coming around a curve, and you're hitting a concrete barrier,” they said.
DOT Commissioner Polly Trottenberg defended the project, saying it's a work in progress.
CBS2 showed them a video taken from the perspective of a driver coming down Northern Boulevard and approaching the bike line, and asked them if they thought it looked safe.
“I can't really tell from your video, but in general, as I say, these projects have really enhanced safety everywhere we've done them in the city,” they said.
Cyclists, for their part, told CBS2 they love the new bike lane.
“It's fantastic,” said Richard Ammirati. “Whoever thought of it, congratulations.”
Avella said the community board in the area wants the bike lane replaced with a lane built onto an expanded sidewalk off the road. Trottenberg said that would take too much time and money and that the current bike lane provides safety for cyclists now.
Avella has written to Mayor Bill de Blasio and Trottenberg voicing their concerns and urging them to build what they call a safer bicycle lane.
'Buttcrack babe' busted for cheating the claw machine That's one tight squeeze. A slender crook managed to slip their body into the slim opening of a claw machine arcade game in Western Taiwan in order to steal stuffed...
Boy gets stuck in arcade claw machine A Florida boy was so determined to win a prize from an arcade claw machine that they climbed inside to grab a stuffed animal – but got stuck with the plush...
Arcade company accused of selling fake Pac-Man games Game over! The family behind a California arcade machine company was charged with a trio of associates with forging video games, officials said. The owner and employees of CoinOpStore, a...
Arcade games will no longer be rigged against you Seaside claw games will no longer be “rigged” and will be won purely by “the application of skill.” That's according to a major industry trade group which is trying to...
Arcade games are creating a California crime explosion In Southern California, video games are not just for kids. Typical-looking homes there have been jerry-rigged into gambling dens and feature six-seat video consoles where obsessive players wager big money....
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Milwaukee Brewers' Ryan Braun rounds the bases after hitting a two-run home run off Chicago Cubs starting pitcher John Lackey, also scoring Eric Thames, during the first inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 17, 2017...
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Milwaukee Brewers' Eric Thames, right, celebrates their home run off Chicago Cubs starting pitcher John Lackey, with Ryan Braun, during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Chicago.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Milwaukee Brewers' Ryan Braun (8) celebrates their two-run home run with Eric Thames (7) as Domingo Santana (16) and Travis Shaw watch during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs, Monday, April 17,...
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). Milwaukee Brewers' Eric Thames celebrates their home run off Chicago Cubs starting pitcher John Lackey, during the third inning of a baseball game Monday, April 17, 2017, in Chicago.
CHICAGO (AP) - Milwaukee Brewers first baseman Eric Thames has tied a franchise record by homering in five straight games.
The former Korean baseball star hit a solo shot off Chicago Cubs right-hander John Lackey in the third inning Monday night. Thames' streak ties them with Jeromy Burnitz in August 1997 for the franchise mark.
Thames has seven homers in 14 games this year and six over their past five games.
"Stuff like that just happens," Thames said after homering Sunday against Cincinnati. "You can't control it. When I hit it, I was like, 'Did I just hit another one? Oh, man. OK.'"
The 30-year-old returned to the majors this season after hitting 124 homers over three years in the Korean major leagues.
Thames has gotten a hit in all 11 of their starts and has a 10-game hitting streak with Milwaukee.
Prior to this year, Thames last played in the majors in 2012 with Seattle and Toronto.
The record for consecutive games with a homer is eight, achieved by Ken Griffey Jr., Don Mattingly and Dale Long.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Follow @insidefutbol
The draw for the Champions League Round of 16 has been held and a series of thrilling ties are in prospect as the competition enters its business end.
Tottenham Hotspur, who topped a group which also contained Real Madrid and Borussia Dortmund, will lock horns with Italian champions Juventus over two legs.
Manchester City meanwhile, who saw off Manchester United in league action on Sunday, will play Swiss side FC Basel; Basel were in Manchester United's group.
Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool have been handed a tricky two-legged tie against Portuguese outfit FC Porto, while Real Madrid will take on French heavyweights Paris Saint-Germain.
Spanish La Liga side Sevilla are due to come up against Jose Mourinho's Manchester United.
Elsewhere, Ukrainian outfit Shakhtar Donetsk are set to lock horns with Italian club Roma.
And Antonio Conte's Chelsea side will play Barcelona in a mouth-watering contest which will test two teams with ambitions of winning the tournament.
Bayern Munich meanwhile take on Besiktas in a tie they will fancy their chances of progressing from.
UEFA Champions League Round of 16 Draws
Juventus vs Tottenham Hotspur
FC Basel vs Manchester City
FC Porto vs Liverpool
Real Madrid vs Paris Saint-Germain
Shakhtar Donetsk vs Roma
Sevilla vs Manchester United
Chelsea vs Barcelona
Bayern Munich vs Besiktas
A slow, creaky elevator descends to an industrial basement lair in Midtown. It opens to a sparse, cement-floored hallway lined with large rooms. One is filled with discarded electronics and furniture, from scanners and fax machines to chairs and desks.
They are all destined for total annihilation. And I am the annihilator.
This is the Wrecking Club, a 4-month-old venue that allows patrons to smash and shatter secondhand furnishings and office equipment with a metal baseball bat or crowbar. The aim, says Wrecking Club creator Tom Daly, is to help New Yorkers de-stress in a safe and fun setting. (Better to unleash pent-up anger in a concrete-walled room than onto unsuspecting passengers on a subway car, right?)
I feel energized, powerful, even liberated while wreaking havoc.
Daly, a 29-year-old Greenwich, Conn., native who left a lucrative finance job last year to start the Wrecking Club, helps me select a high-back chair, a bulky printer, a clunky laptop and some glassware. A petite writing desk completes the mock-office setup.
“I wanted to leave the corporate world,” they tell me as I suit up into a jumpsuit and don the required safety goggles and hard hat. “I wanted it to be something fun and different and wild and sort of outside the norm. It's my break-out-of-the-system business.”
To help get me in the mood, Daly plugs in their phone, places it in a protective box by the door and blasts a soundtrack that includes Nirvana's “Smells Like Teen Spirit” and Weezer's “Hash Pipe.”
Ready to rumble, I heave a heavy crowbar above my head and, letting out a primal scream, slam it down. Shards fly off the printer; wood splinters off the chair and the desk. I give the bat a try with a few hard swings. The laptop becomes mangled and unrecognizable after several hits.
I feel energized, powerful, even liberated while wreaking havoc.
There's also some happiness creeping in, and I'm more than a little concerned about the endorphin-fueled high I'm feeling after my 30-minute session.
Later, after calming down, I talk with Elaine Ducharme, a clinical psychologist in Glastonbury, Conn. who specializes in trauma and abuse.
They reassure me that the Wrecking Club's controlled destruction could be truly cathartic, just like other forms of exercise.
“For some people, when they're really angry and frustrated, doing something angry and physical makes them feel better,” they say. “Other people, who have real anger problems, get this good feeling when they're punching. They may not limit it, and when they get home, they may be more likely to smack their kid or smack their wife … I think we have to be careful that fun violence can beget real violence.”
The basement, whose exact address Daly e-mails to customers once appointments are confirmed — to maintain a speakeasy-like vibe, they say, currently accommodates about 100 customers per week.
They say wreckers are equally divided between men and women, and they see a lot of couples trying it out for a date.
“I don't think you'd forget the guy or the girl who brought you to Wrecking Club,” Daly says. “It snaps you out of your routine real quick.”
The experience costs $20 for the first half-hour for two people, and each item Daly — or one of the “destruction waiters” on staff — adds to the room costs $10 and up (cheaper for small items like wine goblets, more expensive for big ones like a baby grand piano). An average experience runs between $80 and $100 total for two people.
On my way out, feeling embarrassingly gleeful, I pass one of the basement's few pieces of décor that doesn't get ravaged on a daily basis: a poster from the 1999 film “Office Space,” in which three protagonists take out their rage on a printer.
The Wrecking Club is on West 38th Street between Eighth and Ninth avenues. Book appointments at 212-933-0929 or WreckingClub.com.
For all you Carpool Karaoke fans out there, did you see the short trailer during The Grammy's?
The full one is finally here and it looks like a joyride!
This is the deal: every week, new episodes, new stars!
Apple Music is giving you weekly content of our favorite James Corden bit and thank goodness for that!
In the series, James gives the wheel to other celebrities and artists. We'll be seeing Alicia Keys singing with John Legend, Ariana Grande with Seth McFarlane and Blake Shelton and Chelsea Handler.
And not to mention Metallica singing Rihanna's “Diamonds.”
Check out the trailer in the player above!
Relations between North and South Korea continued to rebound on Wednesday as the ​two longtime foes engaged in some basketball diplomacy for the first time in 15 years, according to a report.
Teams named Peace and Prosperity made up of a mix of North and South Korean athletes played at a 12,000-seat gymnasium in the North's capital, Pyongyang.
The women's Prosperity team managed to pull out a 103-102 win while the men's teams ended up even at 102-102 after a last-second game-tying 3-pointer, the South Korean Yonhap news agency said.
A capacity crowd cheered the teams and waved signs that said “Welcome” and “We are passionately rooting for you,” the report said.
More games are scheduled Thursday​ before the South Koreans return home Friday​.
​While basketball is North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's favorite sport — he's invited former ​NBA star Dennis Rodman to the country several times — they aren't seen at the games and it was unclear if they would attend Thursday's games.
It's the fourth time the two countries have met on the basketball court and the first since October 2003.
The games were arranged after ​Kim suggested them to South Korean President Moon Jae-in during their summit in April on the demilitarized zone separating the two countries.
The North also sent athletes and a delegation led by Kim's sister to the Winter Olympics held in February in South Korea.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Formula 1 could introduce standard parts to address the huge spending disparity across the grid, CEO Chase Carey has confirmed.
The budgets of F1 teams vary wildly, with Ferrari spending an estimated £330million last year as the likes of Force India and Sauber spent £90m and £95m respectively.
McLaren executive director Zak Brown has backed a budget cap in the past, and also claimed "there are some that think we should standardise some parts".
Carey has now confirmed that standard parts is an option F1 has considered cutting costs, as they reiterated Liberty's sporting chief Ross Brawn's claim that technology should not be "dumbed down".
"There are many paths to get there, whether it's cost caps, or other ways to address key components of the car," said Carey.
"We're not looking to standardise the car - we think it is very important to continue to have a sport that is competition married to state of the art technologies.
"We're not looking to dumb the cars down, but I think we can standardise components of it.
"We are certainly looking for ways to address what some of the teams in particular spend.
"That would improve the overall economics of the business and enable everybody in it to benefit, as well as improving the competition."
It is not known what F1 would seek to standardise, although Brown suggested it should be parts that "don't improve the show and the fans don't recognise the difference", like suspension components.
Carey has also revealed "preliminary meetings" have been held with teams regarding cost cutting, although the objective was not to make everybody's budget the same.
"One of the challenges we have today is there are a handful of teams that clearly spend at a level that's much different from the others, and you can see the results on the track," said Carey.
"So if we can bring the costs into an area where they are more comparable - not equal - to each other, it can enhance competition and would make the economics of the business much better.
"We've begun that process with the teams, so we've had some preliminary meetings.
"There are some big components to it, like addressing the engine, which is probably the most complicated part of the car as a whole.
"It is certainly our goal to address those costs, and we think the sport will on many levels benefit from that."
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
States continue to battle budget-busting prices of prescription drugs. But a federal court decision could limit the weapons available to them — underscoring the challenge states face as they, in the absence of federal action, go one-on-one against the powerful drug industry.
The 2-to-1 ruling Friday by the U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals invalidated a Maryland law meant to limit “price-gouging” by makers of generic drugs. The measure was inspired by cases such as that of former Turing Pharmaceutical CEO Martin Shkreli, who raised one generic's price 5,000 percent after buying the company.
The law, which had been hailed as a model for other states, is one of a number of state initiatives designed to combat rapidly rising drug prices. It gave the state attorney general power to intervene if a generic or off-patent drug's price increased by 50 percent or more in a single year.
If dissatisfied with the company's justification, the attorney general could have filed suit in state court. Manufacturers would have faced a fine of up to $10,000 and potentially have to reverse the price hike. The generics industry was fiercely critical of the law.
“We are evaluating all options with regard to next steps,” said Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh in a statement. Their office would not elaborate further.
The state could appeal to have the case heard “en banc,” meaning by the full 4th Circuit, with jurisdiction over five states.
Such appeals aren't commonly granted, but this law could be a strong candidate, suggested Aaron Kesselheim, an associate professor at Harvard Medical School who researches drug-price regulation.
The Friday ruling looms large as other state legislatures grapple with ever-climbing drug prices.
Similar price-gouging legislation has been introduced in at least 13 states this year, though none of those measures became law, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures (NCSL). Three other bills failed to gain passage.
The NCSL also cited the law in a March advisory for states seeking new approaches to regulating drug prices.
The court's finding could have a chilling effect on such efforts, especially as more state legislatures wrap up business for 2018.
“A negative court ruling will put a damper or a pause on state activities,” said Richard Cauchi, NCSL's health program director. “Unless this topic is your No. 1 priority of the year, your legislators are juggling multiple bills, multiple strategies. When bill three gets in trouble, they move to bill four.”
The appeals court held that Maryland's law overstepped limits on how states can regulate commerce — specifically, a constitutional ban on states controlling business that takes place outside their borders. The majority ruling argues that since most generics manufacturers and drug wholesalers engage in trade outside Maryland, the state cannot control what prices they charge.
In a dissenting opinion, the panel's third judge argued Maryland can regulate the drug prices charged within the state since the law is meant to affect only medications being sold to its own residents.
Kesselheim, in an article published last month in the journal JAMA, argued a similar point.
Regardless, striking down a law on constitutional grounds can be particularly discouraging, suggested Rachel Sachs, an associate law professor at Washington University in St. Louis who researches drug regulations.
“If it had been a rejection on vagueness grounds, that's something you can cure with a more specific statute,” they said. “But the fact that they said this is unconstitutional poses real concern for other states.”
That's important. While the federal government has talked a big game on bringing down drug prices, it has done little. Instead, states have taken the lead — spurred by the budget squeeze pricey prescriptions impose on their Medicaid programs and on state employee benefits packages.
But states have far fewer tools at their disposal than does Congress. Most state laws so far tackle only pieces of the problem — targeting a specific drug or particular practice, experts said.
“We'll get more broad and better evolution on this issue if the federal government decides to take it seriously — which it hasn't so far,” Kesselheim said.
To be fair, Maryland's law is only one of a bevy of approaches.
Other states have focused on price transparency laws. In California, drug companies must disclose in advance if a price might increase by more than a set percent and that they justify the increase. Industry has sued to block the California law.
New York has limited what the state will pay for drugs, establishing a process to review if expensive drugs are priced out of step with their medical value.
“Unless this topic is your No. 1 priority of the year, your legislators are juggling multiple bills, multiple strategies. When bill three gets in trouble, they move to bill four.” “Unless this topic is your No. 1 priority of the year, your legislators are juggling multiple bills, multiple strategies. When bill three gets in trouble, they move to bill four.”
A number of states have since 2017 passed laws regulating pharmacy benefit managers — the contractors who negotiate discounted drug coverage for insurance plans, but who rarely reveal what level of discount they actually pass on to consumers.
Experts expect that activity to continue, especially as escalating drug prices show little sign of letting up.
“The states are going to keep trying and experimenting,” Sachs added. “This is a problem that isn't going away.”
Even efforts such as Maryland's — which targeted price-gouging — will likely remain at the forefront.
“I don't think this is the end of states trying to do something on price-gouging,” said Ellen Albritton, a senior policy analyst at the left-leaning advocacy group Families USA who consults with states on drug-pricing policy. “It's such an issue that offends people's sensibilities. It's crazy people can do this.”
This story was written by Shefali Luthra and contributed by Kaiser Health News, a national health policy news service that is an editorially independent part of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
