Some within the Patriots are calling them “Yoko Guerrero.” The Boston Sports Journal reported on the details of the rift between Patriots coach Bill Belichick and Tom Brady's guru, Alex Guerrero,...
Facebook has come under fire after Cambridge Analytica, a voter profiling company that worked on President Trump's campaign, allegedly improperly collected and misused the data of up to 50 million users. It has prompted a big investigation in the UK and lots of scrutiny in the US. Initially, people voluntarily handed over their personal information and friends data — they thought they were participating in a survey conducted by a Russian-American academic. What they unwittingly did was give their data to Cambridge Analytica. But that's the point — people give away a lot of very personal information to Facebook. Then they just as quickly give it away to third parties without really knowing what in heaven's name they're doing with the information. Here are the three basic ways we're handing over very personal information — our birthday, our “likes,” our preferences, who we're friends with online — and how quickly it can be taken from us. 1. The simple act of signing up for Facebook
It's that simple. Some people think Facebook doesn't have all that much information on them because they rarely use it. You may be a lurker. How much data can Facebook really have on you? A lot! If you're curious about what kind of data Facebook has about you, you can follow these steps to download your personal Facebook history. In these archives you'll find fun things you probably never thought were stored on a server somewhere about you. The archive contains a list of IP addresses that you've used to logged into your Facebook account, ads that you clicked on, and cell phone numbers associated with your account. Facebook also tracks this type of data you entered onto the platform: A facial recognition ID that is associated with your photo and is used to identify images of you
Your maiden name
Credit card information
Your hometown
Your political views
Your addresses
Any networks you're associated with — like colleges or companies you belonged to 2. The even simpler act of using Facebook
Advertisement
Facebook keeps detailed data of all your preferences and every one of your “likes” — and it leverages that information for super-precise ad targeting. By reacting to Facebook posts, it's kind of like you're participating in an ongoing consumer survey exclusively for Facebook.
Your activity log can give you a pretty good idea of your Facebook behavior over time. It's a record of all your activities from today all the way back to the day you signed up for your account. Here, you'll find every like, :haha:, :wow:, :angry:, :love:, and :sad: reaction you've ever made to a Facebook post; every video, song, and photo you've looked at, listened to, posted, and been tagged in. It also keeps every change to your profile you've ever made. Oh, and don't forget your search history — including every ex you've ever looked up. Facebook also stores: Every friend you deleted :eyes emoji: Every status update you've ever posted
Every Facebook Messenger chat
Every place you've checked in
Friends you hid from your News Feed
Stuff you've searched for It's all very personal and it's all right there! 3. Signing in to third-party apps through Facebook
Here's where it really gets hairy.
You know that convenient option of logging into a third-party app with your Facebook credentials? Once you click “continue,” you're allowing this app — it could be Spotify, Farmville, or, say, a survey being conducted by a Russian-American academic connected to Cambridge Analytica — to access a ton of the precious personal data that Facebook has on you. For example, if you use Tinder via Facebook, you have to hand over at least some basic information about your public profile, which includes your name, your gender, and anything else you posted publicly about yourself. By default, the app also asks for access to a complete list of your friends, what genders you are interested in, your birthday, your work and educational history, any photo you've ever uploaded or are tagged in, any pages and groups you like, and your email address.
Unless you edit the default settings upon your first Tinder login — and you probably don't — you automatically give the dating app all this data.
These are only a few of the data points that apps may ask for. Here's a complete list. Back in 2014 — when the academic linked to Cambridge Analytica, Aleksandr Kogan, used their app to collect data — Facebook users were also able to give third-party apps permission to gather not just personal information but also the information of their friends. At the time, this data included things like the check-ins, locations, and interests of a user's friend. “The news about Facebook and Cambridge Analytica should serve as a reminder of the inevitable privacy risks in a world where a near-endless stream of personal information is collected indefinitely stored, analyzed, and re-used by marketers, identity thieves, and professional government snoops,” Corynne McSherry, legal director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, told BuzzFeed News through a spokesperson. If you're looking to update your app settings, here are some helpful tips.
Lam Thuy Vo is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Lam Thuy Vo at lam.vo@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
“A lot is going on in the newsroom at The Democrat,” said news editor Sinclaire Sparkman. “We will soon change our focus in print to three days a week instead of five, and that allows us to not only make our print product better, but also serve readers more online. We're also saying goodbye to our lead reporter, Xavier Smith, who has served tirelessly here for the past three years.”
Sparkman said the shift comes with ample opportunity to serve readers more each day. While a lot will happen with the print paper, plenty of new things will show up online, as well. Some additions to The Democrat's online efforts include:
• more video, including coverage of weekend events, interviews with important local people, accounts of local happenings and a couple of surprises are in store for online viewers.
• more on-the-scene coverage of emergency situations like fires and wrecks from police reporter Jacob Smith.
• more live coverage of important community meetings.
• more live coverage of special events.
• interviews with members who win contests and more about businesses involved in the community.
• more social media interaction, which means more connections with online readers through Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Readers may have already noticed some new video series like Holman's Horticulture and Wilson County Weekend, along with more video from events like graduation and local presentations.
“We want to be the go-to spot for news as it happens in Wilson County, and we hope these additional efforts will provide that for our readers,” said editor Jared Felkins. “We believe a resource like lebanondemocrat.com is infinite in its capacity to deliver news and information, and we want to use it, along with our social media and YouTube channel, to its fullest. We believe we owe that to our readers.”
The new print schedule will begin June 1 with papers available Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. The Democrat also hopes to have its new revamped website, lebanondemocrat.com, unveiled by the end of the year.
Claire's pulls products after asbestos found in makeup Teen retailer Claire's pulled products from its shelves after a Rhode Island mom said they found asbestos in their daughter's makeup set. Barrington mom Kristie Warner was concerned about the...
Asbestos forced couple out of apartment for two years: suit An Upper East Side couple has had to live apart for two years after creeping toxic dust from a neighbor's gut renovation forced them out of their $2 million apartment,...
New York's never-ending asbestos racket A year after their corruption conviction, ex-Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver's influence is still harming our courts. The American Tort Reform Foundation now ranks New York City's Asbestos Litigation court as...
Sheldon Silver left legacy of high awards in asbestos suits against city New York has cut a worm out of the Big Apple with the conviction of corrupt former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, but its courts are still rotten to the core...
Smoker dies of lung cancer, family wins $12.5M after blaming asbestos The family of a man who claimed their lung-cancer death was caused by asbestos exposure was awarded $12.5 million by a Manhattan jury — despite the fact that they smoked...
Asbestos court gets a boost thanks to Silver conviction Ex-Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver's corruption conviction has helped pull New York City's “asbestos court,” where they held influence, up from its spot as the nation's worst “judicial hellhole.” The American...
Lawyers ordered to create new rules for asbestos-litigation cases A Manhattan judge ordered an overhaul of the rules that govern asbestos-litigation cases — which have been a multimillion-dollar spigot for Assemblyman Sheldon Silver's old law firm and many others....
Asbestos discovered in Gracie Mansion roof Asbestos has been discovered in the roof at Gracie Mansion and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from New York City's mayoral residence will begin this month, city officials...
Asbestos firms ready to fight Silver's 'slanted legal system' Now that disgraced former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver is out of power, asbestos defense lawyers are revolting against what they say is a slanted legal system. Silver, who had ties...
More single-family homes and a pair of commercial developments were on the docket for a meeting of the city of Apopka's Development Review Committee (DRC) on Wednesday, October 4.
Two residential developments, one planned for Lester Road and the other for an area just west of the recently opened portion of the Wekiva Parkway south of Yothers Road, came before the DRC.
The DRC, made up of representatives from various city departments, also saw a commercial proposal that would be off Rock Springs Road and Lester Road. Developers want to demolish a current convenience store on a commercial parcel that also has gas pumps in order to build a larger store.
Lester Road development
The DRC heard the initial plans for a planned 52-home development at 359 W. Lester Rd., which is where the current Errol Equestrian Center is located.
The 20-acre site is wedged between the Avian Reconditioning Center and Ambs Foliage on the north side of Lester Road between Rock Springs Road and Vick Road.
Most of the 52 lots will be 75 feet wide with some 85-foot wide lots. All the lots will be 135 feet deep and be about a quarter-acre in size.
The concept plan also called for a small pocket park of about a half-acre on the northeast side of the proposed development.
David Moon, the city's planning manager, said that while city code calls for a brick wall to be built along the west side of the development adjacent to the foliage nursery, the developer wants to put up a vinyl fence as there will likely be other development on the adjacent property in the future.
Appian Engineering of Winter Park provided the concept plans.
To learn more about what happened at the October 4 DRC meeting, read the full story in the Friday, October 6, issue of The Apopka Chief.
People on the Internet always find weird coincidences, like this one that has everyone a little spooked.
LeBron James just lost the 2017 NBA Finals to the Golden State Warriors, the same year Alabama lost in the college football title game. That's the sixth time in the past six years that Alabama's postseason result has lined up exactly with James's, per Reddit, which was picked up by various outlets:
LeBron has still never won a title in a year that Alabama didn't win one too. pic.twitter.com/NwgzcQWfsU — RedditCFB (@RedditCFB) June 13, 2017
Makes you want to put on a tin foil hat, doesn't it?
Alabama projects to be a top contender again next year, as does James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, so we'll see if we can make it seven in a row in 2017-18.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victims of domestic abuse are being urged to lift the lid on their suffering and change their lives for the better.
As people make their New Year's resolutions, Cheshire Constabulary is urging those affected by emotional, psychological and physical abuse to seek support and speak to those who can provide help.
Over the festive and New Year period, officers often see an increase in domestic related abuse. More than 800 crimes were dealt with in December of last year and in January 2016.
Domestic abuse affects people regardless of gender, social group, class, age, race, religion, disability, sexuality or lifestyle and can begin at any time whether in a new relationship or after many years together.
Detective Chief Inspector Gareth Lee, of the Constabulary's Public Protection Unit, said: “This time of year can be one of the hardest for those suffering from domestic abuse. We know that victims often suffer in silence for the sake of their families so that they don't ‘ruin Christmas'. But now is the time to be brave, have a fresh start and begin the year by having the courage to put a stop to it.
“We want people to know that 2017 can be the year they no longer have to suffer at the hands of their abuser. We have specialist officers available to listen, provide support and help victims move away from the situation they're in.”
Police and crime commissioner David Keane said: “I want anyone who is suffering from domestic abuse to know that if you come forward and speak to the Constabulary you will be taken seriously. There are specialist services across the county to make sure that you can get the support you need and you have a police service who are committed to help.”
As part of the campaign, the force has released an impactful video which it hopes will help victims recognise the words and tone of the voices and have the bravery to come forward.
In the video lies a leftover Christmas present in the home of someone experiencing domestic abuse. When the victim takes the lid off the box, angry, loud and frightening voices can be heard. When the lid is put back on, the voices disappear and it goes silent.
If you are worried about your behaviour support is available from Respect on 0808 802 4040
If you are a victim of domestic abuse or if you have a family member or friend who suffers and would like to talk to someone there are several places you can go to get support:
National Domestic Violence Helpline - 0808 2000 247
The freephone 24-hour helpline is run in partnership between Women′s Aid and Refuge.
Cheshire Police website http://www.cheshire.police.uk/advice--information/domestic-abuse.aspx
Local support:
Cheshire West and Chester Domestic Abuse Family Safety Unit − 01606 351375
Cheshire East Domestic Abuse Family Safety Unit − 01606 363532
Cheshire East Domestic Abuse Hub 0300 123 5101
Refuge Warrington Independent Domestic Abuse Service − 01925 243359
Halton Domestic Abuse Service − 0300 11 11 247
In an emergency dial 999, in a non-emergency situation- dial 101 to speak to the police.
For more information about Domestic Violence Protection Orders visit http://www.cheshire.police.uk/advice--information/domestic-abuse/dv-protection-orders.aspx
PESHAWAR, Pakistan - At least three soldiers were killed and seven wounded on Saturday in a suicide attack on an army base camp in northern Pakistan, officials said, in a region that was once controlled by a local faction of the Taliban.
Attacks have decreased sharply in the picturesque Swat Valley but can cause alarm in a region where Pakistani Taliban insurgents took partial control in 2007, before being ousted two years later in a major military operation hailed as an important blow against Islamist violence.
Swat was the first sizeable region outside Pakistan's lawless tribal regions bordering Afghanistan to fall to the militants. More than 2,000 Taliban fighters have been driven out of the region, government officials say.
The Pakistan Army's public relations wing said in a statement that the "suicide attack" in the Swat Valley took place at the "army unit sports area."
A security official who asked not to be identified said the suicide bomber blew themselves up as soldiers were playing a volleyball match that was being watched by a number of local civilians.
They added that the casualty count could rise as a large number of people had gathered in the area.
The attack was claimed by the Tehreek-e-Taliban, also known as the Pakistani Taliban, in a statement sent to the media.
"God willing Tehreek-e-Taliban has started the process of revenge attacks," Taliban spokesperson Mohammad Khurasani said in the statement. "Wait for more (attacks) to follow."
The military has been on alert for signs of a Taliban resurgence as it seeks to rebuild civilian institutions and win over the local population as a bulwark against radical ideology.
Since being chased out the region, the Taliban have carried out revenge attacks against anti-militancy activists and attempted to extort money from business owners in a region where Pakistan has stationed more than 4,000 soldiers.
Pakistan's Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi condemned the attack in a region that has also increasingly become an important part of the country's domestic tourism industry, with ski resorts popping up along the hills of the Swat Valley.
"No cowardly attack can deter us in pursuing our struggle against the menace of terrorism to its logical conclusion. We will continue our fight till the last trace is rooted out," the prime minister said in a statement.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Student-athletes must be a junior or senior and maintain a 3.50 grade-point-average to be eligible for the award. Stuckey holds a 3.94 GPA in Accounting and Strode posts a 3.60 in Nursing.
A total of 156 student-athletes from 85 institutions were honored by the NAIA.
EastEnders star Jake Wood has said they are in need of a “lie down” after being named the nation's “weirdest crush” for a third year in a row.
They beat the likes of Alan Carr, Ricky Gervais and Eamonn Holmes to the top of the Heat magazine list, which includes recent reality show favourites Ed Balls and James Cosmo.
Jake, who plays London bad boy Max Branning in the BBC soap, joked that they had already started working on their campaign to hold the position for a fourth year.
Jake stole hearts in Strictly 2014 (Guy Levy/BBC/PA)
After knocking comedian Matt Richardson from the throne in 2015, they said: “To win one was amazing, two was unbelievable, and I think I'm going to have to go have a lie down for a bit with this one.
“I don't think it'll ever be topped by anyone ever again… I'm definitely not resting on my laurels, though.”
Jake, 44, is followed in the 25-strong list by EastEnders' Ben Champniss in second place and singer Ed Sheeran holding third position for another year.
Good Morning Britain's Piers Morgan dropped three places to the bottom of the list.
On the list! (Ian West/PA)
Heat editor Suzy Cox said that the award, which has previously been won by celebrity illusionist Derren Brown, Karl Pilkington and Jeremy Clarkson, celebrates “unconventional objects of affection” and champions “cheeky eye twinkles and receding hairlines” as much as “well-crafted physiques”.
The full list of Heat's weird crushes for 2017 includes:
1. Jake Wood
2. Ben Champniss
3. Ed Sheeran
4. Phillip Schofield
5. Rylan Neal-Clark
6. Julien Baptiste (The Missing)
7. Romesh Ranganathan
Comedian Romesh Ranganathan (Ian West/PA)
8. Michael Whitehall
9. Martin Compston
10. K-2SO (Star Wars)
11. Ed Balls
12. Diags (Towie)
13. Phil Lester (Youtube star)
14. Charlie Heaton (Stranger Things)
15. Simon Cowell
We know who Dec voted for! (Joe Giddens/PA)
16. Dean Gaffney
17. Alan Carr
18. Ricky Gervais
19. Aziz Ansari
20. Eamonn Holmes
21. James Cosmo (Celebrity Big Brother)
CBB housemate of the year (Ian West/PA)
22. Chief Bogo (Zootopia)
23. Russell Howard
24. Hodor (Game Of Thrones)
25. Piers Morgan
CLARK COUNTY, Ohio (WDTN) – A criminal investigation unit in Clark County seized at least 52 pounds of marijuana and around $10,000 in cash Sunday.
Kristopher Shultz, Divisions Commander for Criminal Investigations Unit for the Clark County Sheriff's Office, said the investigators were able to stop the marijuana from spreading across the Miami Valley.
Shultz said four suspects were arrested at a traffic stop in the northeast part of the city in Clark County and the investigation led the officials to believe the marijuana came from Northern California or Oregon.
The Clark County Sheriff's Office says this is an ongoing investigation.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Former President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili wrote on their official Facebook page today that they will announce their plans concerning their return to Ukraine - and regarding ‘the return of Ukraine to the Ukrainian people' - on August 16 at 19:30 via Facebook Live.
On July 26, Saakashvili was stripped of their Ukrainian passport by President Poroshenko, under violation of Article 17 and 19 of Ukrainian Law, “Concerning Ukrainian Citizenship,” and article 106 §26 of the Constitution of Ukraine, which forbids the use of false documents to gain citizenship.
Saakashvili was in the United States when they were stripped of their Ukrainian citizenship, but then they visited Poland, Lithuania, and Hungary.
Ashley Dupre The ex-call girl, now 32, is a stay-at-home mom, posting sweet pictures of their three young children on Twitter. In 2013, they eloped to Paris with them construction...
Duson - Funeral services will be held on Thursday, Oct. 5, at a 10:30 a.m. Mass of Christian Burial at St. Joseph Catholic Church in Rayne for Nabbie Broussard Brown, 81, who died Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017, at Carpenter House in Lafayette.
Interment will be in the Lafayette Memorial Park in Lafayette.
Rev. Clint Trahan of Immaculate Conception Catholic Church in Morse will be the celebrant of the Funeral Mass and will conduct the funeral services.
Survivors include three daughters, Reata Lang of Youngsville, Brenda Brown of Houston, Texas and Cheryl Vallot and husband Patrick of Broussard; four sons, Eric Von Brown and wife Rhonda of Lafayette, Ted James Brown and wife Emily of Duson, Darrell Cormier and wife Tina of Corpus Christi, Texas, and Randy Cormier and wife Marsha of Hiram, Ohio; 15 grandchildren, 13 great-grandchildren, three great-great-grandchildren; three brothers, Nicolas Broussard and wife Mary of Orange, Texas, Dupre Broussard and wife Eva Dell of Walker, and Eddie Broussard of Beaumont, Texas; and two sisters, Barbara Broussard Meche of Rayne, and Renola Broussard and husband Thomas of Church Point.
They were preceded in death by their first husband, Moise Elton Comier; second husband, Ted Brown; father, Dupre Broussard Sr.; mother, Edith Leger Broussard; and brother, Gilford Broussard.
Pallbearers will be Eric Brown, Ted Brown, Darrell Cormier, Randy Cormier, Patrick Vallot and Brandon Vallot.
A Rosary was prayed Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Gossen Funeral Home in Rayne.
The family requested that visitation be observed in Gossen Funeral Home in Rayne on Wednesday, Oct. 4, from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. and on Thursday, Oct. 5, from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m.
In lieu of flowers memorial contribution can be made in Nabbie Broussard Brown's name to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, 501 St. Jude Place, Memphis, TN 38105-9959; or St. Joseph Hospice Foundation, 17732 Highland Road, Suite G, Box 241, Baton Rouge, LA 70810.
Friends may view the obituary and guestbook online at www.gossenfuneralhome.net.
Arrangements have been entrusted to Gossen Funeral Home, Inc., of Rayne, (337) 334-3141.
By Elliot Spagat and Emily Schmall | Associated Press
LOS FRESNOS, Texas — Gabriel Canas, a bus driver from El Salvador who fled their homeland after members of MS-13 stormed their bus, did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances.
They hadn't spoken to their 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier. And in that time, they had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another.
“The day I had my interview, I wasn't well because they'd taken my daughter away. I was worried sick. I didn't know where they are. I hadn't spoken to her,” Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas, where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration's “zero tolerance” policy await their fate.
Their case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations: Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children. The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families cannot return home safely.
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to their child. The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order. On Monday, an immigration judge upheld it.
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum. But Canas blames their poor interview and plans to seek another one.
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite, putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service.
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each, according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin. Getting an answer can take a week.
To clear the initial hurdle, asylum seekers must demonstrate a “significant possibility” that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home.
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest. Attorneys say many asylum seekers, usually speaking through translators, fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases.
The risks of the interviews don't trouble immigration hard-liners. Many of them see the asylum process as a joke, saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S. When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process, hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script.
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel, including Canas.
“The first thing they said to the asylum officer was: Do you know where my daughter is?” said Sepulveda, who found the girl in Arizona after they were transferred there from Chicago.
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20, border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution. But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated. A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days, or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old.
Many of the parents have already been interviewed. Goodwin, who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers, estimates that their attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June. Most of them — about 150 — had already been through initial interviews.
Among those parents, more than half had talked to their children by phone. But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was.
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January, according to the latest published statistics. That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum.
In Canas' case, the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions.
“It's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate,” Judge Morris Onyewuchi said. “But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion, gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum.”
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and, if not, the interview is rescheduled.
“All applicants are asked about their health, to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer. Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have,” the agency said in a statement.
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening.
“We are talking to people who are distraught because they don't know where their children are and they're facing a complex, potentially life-or-death interview,” said Wendy Young, president of the group. “To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you're so focused on the safety of your child, I can't imagine what that feels like.”
Related Articles Bay Area residents arrested while bringing toys to migrant children
White House trains Twitter account on ICE-opposing Democrats
Letter: Democrats back humane policy, not open borders
The story of Donald Trump's grandfather, who came to the US as an unaccompanied minor
Judge: US needs to release or grant hearings to 1,000 asylum seekers Canas, who was separated from their daughter at the Texas border, hopes to be reunited with them and to join their legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. Their chances are poor, Sepulveda said, but they will seek a fresh asylum review.
“The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter's life,” they said. “That's all.”
What to Know Daniel Rendon Herrera, arrested in Colombia in 2009 and held there until Monday, faces narco-terrorism and int'l cocaine trafficking charges
Herrera's organization was responsible for multi-ton shipments of cocaine from Colombia through Central America and Mexico and to U.S.
The federal charges facing Herrera are the result of an investigation by the DEA's New York Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Strike Force
One of Colombia's most notorious drug kingpins was extradited to New York from Colombia late Monday and is expected to appear in federal court in Brooklyn later Tuesday, law enforcement sources with knowledge of the case tell News 4.
Daniel Rendon Herrera, arrested in Colombia in 2009 and held there until Monday, faces federal narco-terrorism and international cocaine trafficking charges, the sources said.
In 2009, the U.S. government declared Herrera a “Special Designated Narcotics Trafficker.” Herrera's organization was responsible for multi-ton shipments of cocaine from Colombia through Central America and Mexico and, ultimately, to America, law enforcement sources say.
The federal charges facing Herrera are the result of an investigation by the DEA's New York Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Strike Force.
Details regarding the investigation and charges are expected to be released by the U.S. attorney's office in Brooklyn later Tuesday.
J.J. Watt became Dr. Watt on Tuesday thanks to the Baylor College of Medicine. The Texans defensive end received an honorary doctorate degree during the commencement ceremony in Houston, and they followed the honor with an inspirational speech for the graduates.
In their speech, Watt shared what they learned throughout Hurricane Harvey and challenged the grads to be a “positive light” to make the world an even better place. You can watch the speech above or read it below.
I've had a lot of big dreams in my life, but not even I dreamt that I could one day become a Doctor. I am truly humbled and honored to receive the degree of Doctor of Humanities in Medicine from the Baylor College of Medicine! #CanTheyPutMDonMyJersey pic.twitter.com/7TyNKrvhh7
Watt says:
“I've had a lot of big dreams in my life, but not even I ever dreamt I'd become a doctor one day.
“There's one thing that I learned throughout everything that happened throughout Hurricane Harvey, and that's the power of tapping into the inherent good that lies within humanity.
“There's a lot of negativity out in the world, whether it's on the news, whether it's day-to-day, whether it's an attitude when you wake up in the morning, but the one thing that I know — I've seen it firsthand — is that there's also a whole lot of good. There's a whole lot of positivity, and there's a lot of people out there who truly care about their fellow human. And to me, that's gives me hope. That gives me excitement. Because if we can tap into that, there are so many beautiful things we can do with this world. And that's my challenge to you.
“You guys have all done incredible things, and you're gonna go on to do even more incredible things. What I challenge you to do is help bring out that inherent good in everyone around you, help be that positive light, help be that person that everybody else wants to be around and help be that energy that takes this world into an even better place. Because if we'd all do a little bit, we all do our part, we can truly change the world one person at a time.”
"Information about the fingerprints and basic appearance of the terrorist have been found. In the process after this, work to identify them swiftly will be carried out," Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told a news conference.
They said it was clear that Turkey's military incursion into Syria, launched in August, had annoyed terror groups and those behind them, but said the offensive would continue until all threats to Turkey were removed.
Turkey sent tanks and special forces into Syria just over four months ago to push back Islamic State militants from its border and prevent Kurdish militia fighters from taking ground in their wake.
Kurtulmus also said Sunday's attack bore significant differences to previous attacks in Turkey and that it had been carried out to create divisions within Turkish society.
Bread knives often have a long blade and serrated edges to help slice bread. If you've ever tried to cut bread using a knife without a serrated edge, the loaf may have collapsed or fallen apart as you tried to cut off a slice. The long, serrated edges of a bread knife are specifically designed for effectively cutting through hard exteriors and softer surfaces while keeping the bread intact. Most bread knives can also be used to cut through tomatoes, which have a similarly tough exterior and softer interior.
While there generally isn't a whole lot of diversity among bread knives on the market today, you will find some that cost much more than others. Such knives may offer features such as a precision-forged stainless steel blade and a molded handle for a comfortable, secure grip. However, keep in mind that regardless of how much it costs, any knife with a serrated blade can be tough to sharper once it's dull.
Browse our picks for the best bread knives below. If you're looking for something else, shop a wider selection of bread knives on Amazon for more options.
1. J.A. Henckels 8-Inch Bread Knife
The J.A. Henckels 8-Inch Bread Knife offers high-quality construction and user-friendly features at an affordable price. For starters, it's equipped with a durable stainless steel blade that's made in Germany. It also has a full-tang riveted handles for added stability as you slice.
This 8-inch knife is designed to handle the tougher exteriors and softer interiors of tomatoes and bread loaves. Although it's technically dishwasher safe, handwashing is recommended for longevity.
Price: $12.95 (41 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Stainless steel blade made in Germany
Full-tang riveted handles
Ideal for slicing tomatoes and bread
Cons:
Some wish the blade was sharper
Only comes in one size
Harder crusts may require a bit more wrist power
2. Tojiro 10-Inch Bread Slicer
In terms of cost, the Tojiro Bread Slicer is more of a mid-range option. The knife, made in Japan, features a 10-inch blade and a molybdenum-vanadium steel blade. The handle is made from reinforced wood with a laminated surface. Its scalloped edge allows the knife to securely cut into tougher surfaces while keeping softer surfaces intact.
Price: $53.69
Pros:
Made in Japan
Scalloped edges
Durable steel blade
Cons:
Several notes the poor quality stock handle
Some find the handle awkward
A few mention the blade flexes too much when slicing harder crusts
3. Global G-9 8.75-Inch Bread Knife
This bread knife is also available with a 10-inch blade. Its serrated edge is particularly well suited for cutting through French loaves and other harder types of bread. The knife also features a sharp yet lightweight blade. The blade is made with durable molybdenum-vanadium stainless steel and comes with a scalloped edge for harder crusts.
Another distinctive feature is its handle. As with other Global knives, this one started out with a hollow handle, which was then filled with sand to achieve a more precise balance. It also has a dimpled handle for a more secure grip.
Price: $114.95
Pros:
Ideal for cutting through harder crusts
Scalloped edges
Sand-filled handles for precise weight
Cons:
Some find the 9.75-inch blade a bit too short
A few cautions it can shred softer breads
Those with larger hands may find the handle a bit small
4. OXO Good Grips 8-Inch Bread Knife
Don't be fooled by its affordable price tag, as this bread knife has a lot to offer for the price. For starters, its scalloped edge lets the knife effortlessly slice through harder exteriors and softer interiors. A contoured handle keeps your hand secure as you slice. This bread knife also has dedicated thumb and forefinger support. There's also a German stainless steel blade that's engineered with longevity in mind.
Price: $21.99
Pros:
German stainless steel blade
Scalloped edge
Contoured handle
Cons:
Bolster may impede slicing ability
Only available in one size
Handle may be too large for smaller hands
5. Orblue 8-Inch Bread Knife
The Orblue 8-Inch Bread Knife offers a sharp serrated edge and speedy slicing without tearing softer pieces of bread in the process. For less than $15, you're also getting a knife with a thin blade for a more uniform slice. In addition to bread, you can use this knife for slicing bagels, tomatoes, cake, and various pastries. This knife isn't weighed down by a bulky handle. Instead, it features a sleek and modern uniform design. If you're really pressed for time, just toss the knife in the dishwasher for cleaning.
Price: $12.87 (35 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Sharp serrated edge
Affordable
Sleek, uniform body
Cons:
A handful caution that the blade may rust over time
Some wish it was sturdier
Only comes in one size
6. KitchenAid 8-Inch Bread Knife
The KitchenAid 8-Inch Bread Knife is an affordable alternative to some of the pricier options on this list. Highlights include a durable high carbon German stainless steel blade and an ergonomic handle. The knife also has a full tang and bolster. Full tang means that the tang extends the full width of the knife handle. Two handle pieces are then fastened to the blade on either side for added stability. The handle is triple riveted.
While the knife can go in the dishwasher, KitchenAid recommends washing it by hand to keep it looking its best.
Price: $19.99
Pros:
High carbon German stainless steel blade
Full tang
Triple riveted handle
Cons:
Only available in one size
Those with larger hands may find the handle a bit small
Some mention the handles can get slippery with wet hands
7. Mercer Culinary Millennia 10-Inch Bread Knife
You'll find this Mercer Culinary knife available in multiple colors and variations. For example, blade sizes range from 8 to 10 inches. You can also find this knife with a wide or offset handle. An offset handle sits above the blade, and is designed to reduce strain on the wrist when slicing.
This knife comes with reverse scallops along the edge and a high carbon stainless steel blade. The blade is sharp and thin enough to cleanly slice through bread, tomatoes, and other types of food with tough exteriors and softer interiors.
Price: $17.54
Pros:
Comes in many colors and variations
Available with wide or offset handles
High carbon stainless steel blade
Cons:
A few mentions they thought it would be heavier
Some wish the blade was stiffer when cutting
Bulky base handle may impede slicing
8. Victorinox 10.25-Inch Bread Knife
If you're looking for something a bit smaller, the Victorinox Bread Knife is also available in an 8-inch variation. It's part of the Victorinox Fibrox line, which features professional-level quality for the home chef. The knife, made in Switzerland, has user-friendly features such as ample knuckle clearance, and a curved blade for precise cuts. This knife is dishwasher safe.
Price: $39.75 (40 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Comes in two sizes
Made with plenty of knuckle clearance
Non-slip handle
Cons:
Some wish the handle was thicker
A few mention wavy blade can take some getting used to
Can require a bit of wrist work to cut thicker crusts
9. Shun Classic 9-Inch Bread Knife
This Shun bread knife features a 9-inch precision-forged stainless steel blade. The knife, made in Japan, is ideal for cutting through the tougher exterior of baguettes and various artisan breads. As with others in the Shun Classic line, this bread knife has a comfortable Pakkawood handle and a layered steel blade that's sharp and corrosion-resistant.
A 16-degree cutting angle on both sides makes the blade sharper than most European knives. Shun recommends washing and drying this knife by hand to ensure its longevity.
Price: $144.95 (20 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Precision-forged stainless steel blade
Sharp 16-degree cutting angle
Layered steel blade
Cons:
Those with larger hands might find the handle too small
Can be tough to sharpen
Pricey
10. Wusthof Classic 10-Inch Bread Knife
The Wusthof Classic Bread Knife, made in Germany, is also available with 8-inch and 9-inch blades. Each knife is precision forged and features a high-carbon stainless steel blade. As with other Wusthof Classic knives, this one has a handle made with a durable synthetic material for added durability and longevity. A triple riveted full tang provides complete control when slicing through thicker crusts. Hands stay comfortable during use thanks to a full bolster and finger guard.
Price: $129.95
Pros:
Comes in several sizes
Durable synthetic handle material
Finger guard
Cons:
A few think it's hefty
Handle may be a bit small for larger hands
Some find the handle slippery with wet hands
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
An elderly female motorist who had been reported as a reckless driver collided with another vehicle across from the Choctaw Casino Resort.
Drew Hagen led the Spuds with 29 points, breaking a school record for three-point shots made with nine.
Detroit Lakes improves to 11-8 overall, while Moorhead falls to 3-18.
Fargo Shanley 73, Fargo South 66
FARGO—Jacob Reinholz scored 19 points to lead Fargo Shanley over Fargo South 73-66 on Tuesday.
Siadu Conteh dropped 33 points for the Bruins.
Shanley, which defeated South 87-81 in overtime on Jan. 6, improves to 10-9 overall, while South falls to 6-12 overall.
Fargo Davies 71, Wahpeton 33
FARGO—Jake Paper recorded a double-double with 22 points and 11 rebounds to lead Fargo Davies to a 71-33 victory over Wahpeton on Tuesday.
Joshua Darwin scored 12 points for Wahpeton.
Davies, which defeated Wahpeton 77-39 on Jan. 6, improves to 18-0 overall, while Wahpeton falls to 1-17 overall.
Pelican Rapids 65, Dilworth-Glyndon-Felton 63
GLYNDON, Minn.—Oakley Kress tallied 28 points to lead Pelican Rapids to a 65-63 victory over Dilworth-Glyndon-Felton on Tuesday.
Ethan Edeen scored 20 points for D-G-F.
Pelican Rapids, which lost to D-G-F 67-53 on Jan. 6, improves to 7-15 overall, while D-G-F falls to 8-13 overall.
WASHINGTON (AP) – President Donald Trump wants to send man back to the moon – and on to Mars.
Trump signed a policy directive Monday instructing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to “refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery.”
The move, Trump said, “marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-time exploration.”
“This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint,” they said, “we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars, and perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond.”
Past presidents, including George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, have also proposed returning to the moon and missions to Mars, Budget constraints derailed their plans.
Trump was joined at the White House by several current and former astronauts, including Buzz Aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, and former U.S. Sen. and Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison “Jack” Schmitt, the next-to-last person on the moon.
“Today we pledge that they will not be the last, and I suspect we'll be finding other places to land in addition to the moon,” Trump said.
No human has been on the moon since Apollo 17 in December 1972. Only 12 men have set foot on the moon, all have been Americans.
Under the directive, the government is also expected to work closely with other nations and private industry.
Even though there was some mysterious Tom Brady MVP acceptance speech floating around this week, Brady was not there to accept their third MVP award the night before the Patriots play against the Eagles in Super Bowl 52.
Instead, Brady's good friend and teammate Julian Edelman, who's out injured, went up on stage to accept the award. Edelman also relayed a message from the Pats QB. Per USA TODAY Sports:
“He said one thing for me to say, they said, ‘LFG,'” Edelman said. “I don't what it means, but they said, ‘LFG.'” Edelman was surely lying. The L stands for “let's” and the G for “go.” The expletive in the middle is a phrase that shouldn't surprise anyone who has played with the fiery quarterback.
Julian Edelman accepted the NFL MVP Award on behalf of Tom Brady tonight. ❤ pic.twitter.com/k0BVCaoDRG — Only In Boston (@OnlyInBOS) February 4, 2018
You can watch some of Brady's best plays from the 2017 season here, thanks to the NFL:
The Super Bowl is on Sunday and starts airing at 6:30 p.m. ET on NBC.
Glasstown Players is looking for four males for a production that they're hosting in May.
The local theatre company will present Norm Fosters' The Foursome on May 10-12 at Jeanne Gordon Theatre. The play will be directed by Dan White.
They're casting four males, age range mid 20's to early 40's. Audition dates will take place Feb. 3 and 4, at the Jeanne Gordon Theatre, second floor Wallaceburg Museum, 1-4 p.m.
No acting experience necessary. Audition scenes are now available at the museum.
White has been directing for about 35 years and close to 100 productions for various theatre companies in the Sarnia area. They recently retired from a 31-year career, teaching mostly theatre arts at Sarnia Collegiate.
This past summer they got married and moved to Wallaceburg, their wife's hometown.
White directed The Foursome for Theatre Sarnia a few years ago and said they loved the play.
“It is an excellent launch point to gauge the interest in local theatre.The show is being presented as golf season opens,” White said.
For further information contact Dan White at dwwallaceburgtheatre@gmail.com.
Video
Thousands of demonstrators, including actor Ralf Little, have been marching through central London calling for more government support for the NHS.
The event, called "NHS in crisis - fix it now" was organised by the People's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together.
In response to the rally, the Department of Health and Social Care said: "We know the NHS is extremely busy, which is why the government supported it this winter with an additional £437 million of funding, and why it was given top priority in the recent Budget with an extra £2.8bn allocated over the next two years. "
Oscar-winner Sam Smith has written a song for X Factor champ Matt Terry who has hailed the track as "absolutely incredible".
Terry was crowned the winner of the singing competition last year, but missed out on a number one with their Ed Sheeran-penned debut track When Christmas Comes Around.
They have confirmed that Sam Smith has written them a track, telling ITV's Good Morning Britain: "I did get a song sent written by Sam and it's absolutely incredible."
They appeared on the morning show with runner-up Saara Aalto, who also confirmed they had received a song from chart-topping star Sia.
They said: "For me it feels so surreal that I'm a girl from Finland and these people like Sia are sending songs."
They also revealed they will headline a huge concert when they return home and Terry will be joining them on stage, saying: "After The X Factor tour I'm going to have my own arena concert in Helsinki on April 15 and 13,000 people are coming and I really wanted to bring a part of X Factor with me to Finland so Matt is coming to sing with me, which is really great."
Hit-make Sia has written a song for X Factor runner-up Saara Alto
The pair will first reunite with their fellow X Factor contestants for the tour but Terry said it feels like no time has passed since they were on the show.
They said: " Sometimes it does feel like yesterday but then I look back and I think oh my god we did that.
"Sometimes I do have to pinch myself to think what I've done.
"We both love it, we've been in the studio, we've been rehearsing for the tour, we have got to do so many cool things like the red carpets and go to these amazing awards."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ELKHART, Ind. -- It's something no one wants to come across: a 6-inch spider.
An employee at Godfrey Marine encountered it while building a boat at work. Jacob Collins, who shared photos of the spider on Facebook, didn't know what to think at first.
They later found out it was a fishing spider—something the Indiana Department of Natural Resources said is relatively harmless despite its terrifying look. The spider's three-inch leg span allows it to walk on water. It's often mistaken for a wolf spider, one of the most common large spiders found in Indiana.
Collins and their co-workers caught the fishing spider and snapped a few photos of the impressive specimen. They then released it back into the wild.
"They found this giant beast on a boat at work today," Collins wrote in their post. "Beware all Elkhart [County] residents. They are out there and they are real."
As of Thursday morning, their Facebook post about the spider had more than 8,100 shares and hundreds of comments.
Republicans are hopeful about avoiding another special election upset in Arizona on Tuesday.
The race in the conservative 8th Congressional District northwest of Phoenix is being looked at closely, after special election shockers in Pennsylvania and Alabama in recent months, where Democrats won a House seat and a Senate seat in territory where Republicans have been in control for years.
The race is between Republican Debbie Lesko, a former state senator, and Democrat Hiral Tipirneni, a physician new to politics.
Early voting numbers show Republicans have turned in almost 49 percent of the ballots, Democrats about 28 percent and independents 23 percent. The candidate who actually received all those votes will not be known until Tuesday evening. Polls close at 10 p.m. ET, but results are not expected until after 11 p.m. ET.
The Maricopa County Recorder's office estimates the vast majority of the votes will have already been cast before Tuesday's in-person voting.
Despite those promising numbers, Republican Debbie Lesko was taking no chances as they told their supporters on Saturday that "we are in the fight of our lives."
"This isn't like the normal, everyday elections that happen in November, where Trent Franks had won by a whole bunch because nobody really challenged him," Lesko said, referring to the former occupant of the seat who resigned in December after discussing surrogacy with two female staffers. "The entire nation is looking at Arizona, because it's the only game in town right now."
President Trump won the district in 2016 by 21 points. In 2016, Franks won the seat with more than 68 percent of the vote.
The Republican National Committee and the National Republican Congressional Committee have together spent over $900,000 on the race. The Congressional Leadership Fund, a Republican superPAC aligned with House Speaker Paul Ryan, has spent about $100,000. That's far below the approximately $10.6 million conservative groups spent on Pennsylvania's 18th Congressional District, which Democrats flipped in March.
Democratic groups have spent far less on the Arizona race. The Democratic National Committee, like the RNC, has sent in staff. The Working Families Party's superPAC spent $100,000 to support Tipirneni. Liberal groups spent $1.8 million in Pennsylvania.
As a candidate, Democrat Hiral Tipirneni has outraised Lesko by almost $200,000.
Lesko, a former state lawmaker, is well-known in the district for their work on laws allowing golf carts to be driven on the side of the road, expanding the state's school voucher program, and reforming public safety pensions.
Tipirneni is hoping for an election night upset.
"There should be no foregone conclusion," they told their volunteers and staff at a high school auditorium over the weekend. "Nobody should be getting into office to represent hundreds of thousands of people by default. And that is what has been happening in this district for much too long."
Even if Tipirneni is unsuccessful, they have said they will run again in November.
Candidates in other Arizona races are watching this result. Rep. Martha McSally, a Republican running for the U.S. Senate in what's expected to be a tight general election race, joined Lesko at their pre-canvassing pep rally.
"They'll be analyzing," McSally said, referring to pundits. "And then that's all gonna be about like, 'Ooh, this is an indication for November.' Okay? So, they have got to crush this."
Something, once again, is rotten in the state of Denmark.
In what appears to be taking form as a murder mystery gripping the entirety of Scandinavia, and beyond, a Danish submarine hobbyist was taken into custody over the weekend after they allegedly sank the vessel that is now at the heart of an investigation into a missing Swedish journalist.
Danish police believe 46-year-old inventor Peter Madsen — locally known as Rocket Madsen — killed 30-year-old Kim Wall after the two left shore aboard their submarine, called the UC3 Nautilus, said to the be world's largest privately built submarine. Wall, a freelance journalist, was supposed to write a story about Madsen and their Nautilus, according to Danish media.
The mystery began Thursday evening, when the pair boarded the submarine at about 7 p.m. and set forth into the waters between Denmark and Sweden. Several witnesses saw the vessel leave Copenhagen Harbor, with both Madsen and Wall reportedly spotted in the conning tower. But when Wall hadn't returned later in the evening, as expected, their boyfriend raised the alarm.
The Danish coastal radio communication service unsuccessfully tried to contact the submarine early Friday, and at around 3:40 a.m. the Joint Rescue Coordination Center called the Copenhagen Police, saying the vessel hadn't returned from what was described as a trial run. It wasn't until almost seven hours later that Nautilus was spotted in a bay south of Copenhagen, with Madsen yelling to a rescue helicopter that they were heading back to port.
Scanpix Denmark/Bax Lindhardt/via Reuters Submarine owner and inventor Peter Madsen lands with Danish military assistance at Dragor Harbor, south of Copenhagen, on Friday morning.
But they never made it that far. Around 11 a.m., a witness saw the inventor in the tower of their vessel, before they briefly disappeared into the hold. Immediately after, the submarine suddenly started to descend and had completely sunk within 30 seconds. Madsen managed to escape the sinking vessel and was picked up by a boat that ferried them back to shore.
There were still no signs of the missing reporter.
In custody
The mysterious disappearance sparked an hourslong air and naval search for the missing sub amid a flurry of speculation. What had happened to Wall? Why did the Nautilus sink? And why was it out of reach for so many hours?
Madsen reportedly explained that they had dropped off the reporter on a small island about 10:30 p.m. that night and had no idea what happened to them afterward. They also said “a minor problem with a ballast tank ... turned into a major issue,” which ultimately claimed their sub.
Danish police, however, appear disinclined to believe him. By Friday afternoon, Madsen had been taken into custody pending manslaughter charges. When investigators on Saturday succeeded in resurfacing the submarine, they found the vessel unoccupied and called its sinking “allegedly a consequence of a deliberate act.”
“The search for missing Kim Wall continues today as an air operation using airplanes from the Home Guard. Furthermore, Copenhagen Police have initiated dialogue with Swedish Police regarding support for a search of Swedish waters,” according to a statement from the police on Monday.
A judge on Saturday ordered that Madsen be held in pretrial detention for 24 days while the investigation continues, and Madsen chose not to appeal as of Monday, according to Denmark's TV 2.
Madsen has maintained their innocence. “I am fine, but sad because Nautilus went down,” they told TV 2 on Friday. “It took about 30 seconds for Nautilus to sink, and I couldn't close any hatches or anything. But I guess that was pretty good because I otherwise still would have been down there.”
Technology to be rolled out across the company's international businesses
A hackathon run by carsales.com last November has resulted in what the global online business claims is a ‘world-first' piece of image recognition software.
The event was a three-day forum where carsales' tech teams worked alongside employees from other departments in small teams to think laterally and generate technical, creative and innovative ideas.
The ‘Cyclops Image Recognition Software' – which the company claims has a 97.2 per cent accuracy rate – automatically selects and assigns angles to each image uploaded by photographers directly onto the carsales platform. This helps showcase various aspects of the vehicles on sale.
It also includes an AI feedback mechanism so it automatically learns from mistakes it makes to improve its performance over time.
During the hackathon, teams created a working prototype and demonstrated it to an internal marketplace of employees, senior exec judges and people external to the organisation. Participants then voted for a number of awards.
Carsales said more than half of the ideas generated by the program since 2013 have been implemented.
Agustinus Nalwan, who invented the idea and lead the winning team during the hackathon said that prior to the implementation of the software, every image of a car uploaded into the media library was manually categorised according to the angle featured in the image. With Cyclops, each image is automatically assigned an angle, they said.
Over the next two months, the AI team will further integrate the technology for photos uploaded by users and will notify users to upload additional images if necessary. They will also create an image comparison tool that lets users visually compare the backseat photos of multiple vehicles.
“For example, a user who is selling an SUV and has uploaded images of the front exterior, side exterior front seats and dashboard will be prompted to upload an image of the backseat too,” said Nalwan.
“This is because Cyclops knows this is one of the most common features people research when purchasing an SUV.”
Carsales said it will soon deploy the technology across its international businesses.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Ondo: 110,000 pupils to benefit from Homegrown School Programme
The Ondo State Government says over 110, 000 pupils will benefit from the Homegrown School Feeding Programme which took off on Monday.
Mrs Olubunmi Ademosun, Special Adviser to Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu on Multilateral and Inter Governmental Affairs, made the disclosure in an interview with the newsmen on Tuesday in Akure.
They revealed that 1,500 cooks had been mobilised across the 18 local government areas of the state for the programme.
“Environmentalists have also been trained and mobilised to ensure that the food are prepared in hygienic way.
“110,000 Primary 1-3 pupils across the three senatorial districts of the state will enjoy the free daily feeding.
“I must commend President Buhari for this initiative that will not only alleviate the burden of parents, but also increase the nutritional status of children.
“We pledge one hundred percent support for the success of this programme,” the governor's aide said.
Ademosun assured that all government machinery have been mobilised to ensure the success of the programme.
The newsmen report that a technical team from the Office of Vice President Yemi Osibajo had held a two-day strategic stakeholders' meeting on the project in June 2017, preparatory to its take off in the state.
NAN
The post Ondo: 110,000 pupils to benefit from Homegrown School Programme appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Each chip is designed to mimic the natural physiology of an organ. Courtesy of Emulate Inc.
Tiny replicas of organs, shrunk down to fit onto computer chips the size of AA batteries, could help doctors and scientists learn about how certain foods, chemicals, and dietary supplements affect the human body, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) says.
These "organ chips" have been in the works since 2012, the FDA said today (April 11) in a post on its blog. Other institutions, including the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), are also involved in the project.
Related: 5 Amazing Technologies That Are Revolutionizing Biotech
Now, researchers at the FDA's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition are studying the chips, which are made by a company called Emulate Inc., according to the post.
Initially, researchers thought that the chips would be particularly helpful in research into how well drugs work in certain organs, Suzanne Fitzpatrick, senior adviser for toxicology in the FDA's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, wrote in the blog post. But the FDA also hopes to use the organ chips to study the safety of foods, cosmetics, and dietary supplements, the agency said.
The information from these chips — which could show "how the body processes an ingredient in a dietary supplement or a chemical in a cosmetic, and how a toxin or a combination of toxins affects cells" — could help researchers assess whether the compounds pose a risk to human health, Fitzpatrick wrote.
What's in a Chip?
Each chip will represent one organ, according to the FDA, and the agency will begin its research using the "liver chip." In the future, the FDA and Emulate hope to develop kidney chips, lung chips, and intestine chips. Because the chips are translucent, researchers will be able to observe what's going on inside them.
The chips are made from a flexible polymer material that's filled with tiny channels, according to the FDA. These channels are lined with living human cells from the organ being studied. For example, the liver chip contains liver cells.
Related: 11 Body Parts Grown in the Lab
Each chip is designed to mimic the natural physiology of the organ. In other words, the tiny channels in the liver chip could replicate blood flowing through the liver, and a lung chip would be designed to replicate breathing motions and muscle contractions, according to Emulate.
The chips can also be placed into a large instrument that helps re-create the environment inside the human body, according to Emulate. This way, scientists will be able to feed specific compounds, such as a chemical found in a food or a cosmetic product, into the chip, and see how the organ responds in the "human body," the company says. It may also be possible to connect several organ chips together, to study how chemicals affect multiple organ systems in the body, the company says.
But this is not the first time scientists have tried to replicate how organs work and react in the lab. In March, researchers at Northwestern University designed a device that can mimic a woman's menstrual cycle in the lab. They hope to use the device to learn more about conditions that affect women's health, such as fibroids, polycystic ovary syndrome, and endometriosis.
Originally published on Live Science.
Editor's Recommendations
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
(Family Features) A dazzling fireworks display may be the grand finale for your celebration, but you can make your mouthwatering menu a close second with these ideas to light up your Fourth of July. From bold burgers to crisp salads and sweet sides, give your guests plenty of reason to feel festive all day long. And don't forget to add a little indulgence for all ages with a DIY dessert bar.
Find more recipes perfect for the Fourth of July at culinary.net.
Serve Up a Sundae Bar
The only thing better than a dish of cold ice cream on a hot summer day is the chance to make it all your own. Let guests create their own dishes of deliciousness with a DIY sundae bar. Start with a healthy supply of cups, spoons and towels to mop up inevitable drips then fill the bar with irresistible options like these:
A sampling of ice creams, like vanilla, chocolate and strawberry
Fresh sliced fruit
Crushed candies and cookies
Sauces (chocolate, caramel and something fruity, too)
Assorted nuts
Crunchy favorites like crumbled cones or salty pretzels
Coconut (raw and toasted)
Whipped cream
Sprinkles
A Bold Take on an American Classic
When it comes to feeding family and friends on the Fourth of July, nothing pleases guests more than fan-favorite American bites fresh off the grill. Cheeseburgers are a tried-and-true classic for summer grilling season. Give your burger recipe a bold, sweet kick this Fourth of July with honey barbecue sauce and the finishing touch of delicious, smooth-melting Borden Cheese. Find more summer recipes to transform mealtime into memorable family time at bordencheese.com.
Bold Honey Barbecue Burger
Total time: 35 minutes
Servings: 4
1 pound ground beef
1/2 cup chopped green onions
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
3-4 tablespoons steak seasoning
4 hamburger buns
1/2 stick melted butter
3/4 cup barbecue sauce
1 tablespoon honey
4 slices Borden Cheese American Singles
8 slices thick bacon, cooked until crispy
8 frozen onion rings
4 slices tomato
fresh lettuce
Combine ground beef, green onions, garlic powder and cayenne pepper; form into four patties. Sprinkle both sides of each patty with steak seasoning. Cover and chill. (Patties can be made several hours in advance.) Brush buns with melted butter; set aside. In small bowl, mix barbecue sauce with honey; set aside. Heat grill to medium-high heat. Grill burgers to internal temperature of 160° F, about 4-6 minutes per side. Two minutes before burgers are finished, grill buns, butter-side down, until golden brown. Place cheese slices on burgers to melt. Serve each burger on buttered bun topped with two slices bacon, two onion rings, honey barbecue sauce, lettuce and tomato.
A Tropical Summer Twist
If you find yourself hosting a last-minute barbecue without time to plan an extensive menu, don't panic. Simply add a twist to traditional summer staples, like mixing one bag of cabbage with one jar of coleslaw dressing for a classic coleslaw side dish or incorporating coleslaw into your main course. This spin on a classic barbecue meal, Grilled Hawaiian Chicken and Tropical Coleslaw, can take your entertaining to the next level. For more recipes, visit litehousefoods.com.
Grilled Hawaiian Chicken and Tropical Coleslaw
Total time: 1 hour, 25 minutes
Serves: 6
1/3 cup ketchup
1/3 cup packed dark brown sugar
1/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce
1/4 cup pineapple juice
4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus additional for brushing grill
1 1/2 tablespoons rice vinegar
4 teaspoons Litehouse Instantly Fresh Garlic
1 tablespoon Litehouse Instantly Fresh Ginger
1/2 teaspoon sesame oil
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus additional, to taste
salt, to taste
1 3/4 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, chopped into 1 1/4-inch cubes
1 large red onion, diced into 1 1/4-inch pieces
1 1/2 large green peppers, diced into 1 1/4-inch pieces
3 cups fresh cubed pineapple
Coleslaw:
1 package (14 ounces) coleslaw mix
1 cup diced red pepper
1 cup diced pineapple
1/2 cup slivered almonds
1/2 cup Litehouse Coleslaw dressing
In mixing bowl, whisk together ketchup, brown sugar, soy sauce, pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, rice vinegar, garlic, ginger and sesame oil. Stir in pepper and season with salt, if desired. Place chicken in gallon-sized re-sealable bag. Reserve 1/2 cup marinade in refrigerator then pour remaining marinade over chicken. Seal bag and refrigerate 1-2 hours. Soak 10 wooden skewer sticks in water 1 hour. While chicken marinates, prepare coleslaw. In medium bowl, toss together coleslaw mix, red pepper, pineapple, almonds and coleslaw dressing. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Heat grill to 400° F. Drizzle remaining olive oil over red onion, bell pepper and pineapple; toss. Season red onion and bell pepper with salt and pepper then thread red onion, bell pepper, pineapple and chicken onto skewers until all chicken is used. Brush grill grates with olive oil then place skewers on grill. Grill 5 minutes then brush along tops with 1/4 cup marinade. Rotate to opposite side and brush remaining marinade on opposite side; grill about 4 minutes, or until chicken registers 165° F in center on instant read thermometer. Serve skewers warm with coleslaw.
A Honey of a Side
No summer picnic or grilling spread is complete without an array of mouthwatering sides. When planning your menu, go for variety with dishes ranging from rich and savory to light and refreshing. If you want to mix things up a bit, look for ways to dress up timeless favorites, like this take on baked beans that gets its sweetness from honey instead of sugar. Find more ways to sweeten up your celebration at honey.com.
Honey Baked Beans
Recipe courtesy of the National Honey Board
Servings: 4-6
4 slices bacon, diced
1/2 cup chopped onion
4 1/2 cups cooked navy beans (or 3 cans, 15 ounces each)
1/2 cup honey
1/2 cup ketchup
1 tablespoon prepared mustard
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
Heat oven to 350° F. Saute bacon and onion until onion is tender; combine with remaining ingredients in shallow 2-quart, oven-safe baking dish. Cover with lid or aluminum foil and bake 30 minutes. Uncover and bake 45 minutes longer.
Photo courtesy of Getty Images (berry sundaes)
Photo courtesy of Getty Images (baked beans)
SOURCE:
Litehouse
Borden Cheese
The IHOP in Hot Springs, Arkansas is promising to retrain its employees after a mother said the manager discriminated against their son, who was born without arms. (Published 2 hours ago)
Little Boy With No Arms Told Not to Touch Things at IHOP
A little boy who was born with no arms was told not to sit on the table or touch the syrup at IHOP -- even though the only way they have to eat is with their feet.
Now the IHOP in Hot Springs, Arkansas has promised to retrain its employees after a mother said the manager discriminated against their son, who was born without arms.
Alexis Bancoft says when they went to the diner Saturday the general manager told them their 3-year-old son, William, could could not sit on the table and touch the syrup containers because it was a health department issue.
"When we got there, I carried them in, took them to the bathroom and washed their feet so they could eat," Bancroft said. "I asked her, 'Do you ask all of your customers if they washed their hands before they touch them?'."
Bancroft said the manager later apologized, but the damage was already done.
The family got up and left without paying for their drinks.
Bancroft then took to Facebook to explain the situation. Them post has since gone viral.
Several servers messaged them that they were "deeply ashamed" of what happened and "completely shocked" that their manager did that.
The manager even messaged her, saying in part, "I really think this was all a misunderstanding. I would never do that to your son intentionally or otherwise. That's not what I was trying to do."
Read more here.
Starbucks Closing Shops Tuesday for Bias Training
Harry Kane scored in second half stoppage time to clinch a 1-0 victory for England over Slovenia at Wembley and book their country's berth at the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Moments after the victory, England manager Gareth Southgate conceded that their team were a work in progress.
The home faithful appeared to have settled for a 0-0 draw and were entertaining themselves by launching paper aeroplanes towards the pitch by the time Kane stabbed in the winner.
The strike was a brief moment of joy in a general drama of pain.
With two 23-year-olds, 22-year-old Raheem Sterling and 19-year-old Marcus Rashford in their starting eleven, Southgate believes the team will have to endure more suffering.
"What the team have been through over 18 months and as a young team what they're having to deal with in terms of expectation and criticism of their performances, it's tough for them," Southgate said.
"They're young players that we have to try and get behind. They're giving absolutely everything they've got. They don't have Champions League or league championship winning medals throughout this group.
"They're a work in progress. But they will give everything they've got for the shirt and they are going to improve over the next few years.
"They're suffering the consequences of 25 years, 30 years, 40 years of underachievement. That isn't their fault. We have to give them the belief and the backing to go and achieve."
England have won seven and drawn two of their games in Group F. They advance with one game to spare.
After the victory, the English game's ruling body, the Football Association, announced England will play friendlies against Brazil and world champions Germany at Wembley in November.
Their next point of focus is a trip to Vilnius to play Lithuania on Sunday. Although there is nothing at stake, Southgate said they would not release any players from their squad.
"We're a squad. We stay together as a squad. There will be England supporters going to Lithuania and we have a duty to put in a performance. We want to stay unbeaten and win the game.
"There are one or two players we're definitely going to have a look at and it's one of few games we have now to build towards the World Cup."
WASHINGTON — Just days before the Super Bowl, 48 percent of Americans say they'd encourage a child who wanted to play football to play a different sport due to concerns about concussions — up 8 points since the same question was asked four years ago, according to the latest national NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll.
That includes 46 percent of parents with a child in the household (up 9 points since 2014), 53 percent of mothers (up 13 points) and 39 percent of fathers (up 6 points).
Overall, 49 percent of Americans disagree, saying they wouldn't encourage a child to play another sport due to concerns about concussions.
In addition, the NBC/WSJ poll found that 33 percent of Americans believe the National Football League has taken meaningful action to reduce and prevent concussions — down from 41 percent in 2014. (Twenty-eight percent said the NFL had not taken meaningful action, up 8 points since 2014.)
The poll — which was taken after findings of brain disease in deceased NFL football players, as well as after some players began protesting during the national anthem — shows a decline in those who say they closely follow professional football.
According to the survey, 49 percent say they follow the NFL closely, down 9 points since 2014.
By contrast, 51 percent say they don't follow it closely, which is up 9 points from four years ago.
The biggest declines in close followers have come from demographic groups making up key parts of President Donald Trump's political base; Trump has criticized NFL players for taking a knee in protest at racial inequality before games.
Those demographic groups include men ages 18-49 (a drop of 24 points), men without college degrees (-23 points) and white men (-22 points).
By contrast, there has been almost no change among African-Americans (59 percent of whom say they closely follow pro football, versus 58 percent in 2014); Latinos (53 percent are close followers now, versus 51 percent four years ago); or women (47 percent now, same as in 2014).
The NBC/WSJ poll was conducted Jan. 13-17 with 900 adults — including nearly half reached by cellphone — and has an overall margin of error of plus-minus 3.3 percentage points.
Scammers are counting on your typos — and are ready to pounce if you slip up when entering a web address into your browser. Just one wrong keystroke could send you to a typosquatter's look-alike site that can install malware, steal sensitive personal and financial information, or even lock up your computer.
And don't assume that an incorrect URL will result in an error message — because that's the evil genius of typosquatting. Since these malicious sites are registered, your browser doesn't see the typo as an error, so it makes the connection.
Although we rarely hear about it, typosquatting has been around for years. The scam is "definitely getting worse," according to John Breyault, who runs the National Consumers League's Fraud.org website, which recently issued a fraud alert about the scam.
"You may go to a site that looks totally legitimate, but when you enter your Social Security number, bank account number or passwords, you're giving scammers access to those websites where they can transfer funds, set up lines of credit or access your email and start using it for phishing attacks," Breyault told NBC News.
Researchers recently documented a "vast network of potentially malicious websites … that mimic some of the world's most popular destinations," according to the website KrebsOnSecurity.com, which investigates cybercrime. Many of these domains — about 1,500 — appear to be tied to a Colorado-based marketing company whose CEO is a convicted felon, Krebs reports.
"I bet there are a dozen or more operators like this out there bringing millions of people into their typosquatting domains," Brian Krebs told NBC News.
Matthew Chambers, a security expert in Atlanta, discovered and documented a typosquatting network, estimating that these sites were visited nearly 12 million times during the first three months of 2018. That would be almost 50 million hits for the entire year.
And while everyone who lands on such sites won't have a problem, many visitors do get burned by getting lured into a tech support scam, Chambers told NBC News.
"In my testing, a good amount of the time you're redirected to web pages that lock up your computer, display messages that say there's a problem with your computer, and then lead you into this cycle of fraud," they said.
Don't forget the 'o' in .com
Chambers started their investigation when some of their clients had problems — endless pop-up ads, including bogus security alerts about malware — after they went to various well-known websites. It turns out that they had forgotten the "o" in .com and had typed .cm, landing on sites such as espn.cm, chase.cm, turbotax.cm, and Walmart.cm. The .cm domain is actually for Cameroon.
"This is just hiding in plain sight," Chambers said. "I don't think anybody would care much if they were just asking you to take an innocuous survey. But what I've seen is a pattern of malicious websites being served up this way."
Chambers was able to determine who visited these .cm sites in the first three months of 2018 and they found various government agencies, including NASA, the Department of Justice, and the Central Intelligence Agency. In many cases, a mistyped domain address took these users to porn sites, Chambers noted.
All URL typos can be dangerous
Typosquatting is not limited to omitting the "o" in .com. All sorts of mistakes can send you in the wrong direction. Forgetting the "c" in .com and typing .om can take you to typosquatting sites that use the domain for Oman.
A recent blog post by MacAfee warning about the dangers of typosquatting explained how scammers used the .om domain several years ago to hijack Netflix users. Those who typed in Netflix.om instead of Netflix.com were infected with malware.
"People suck at typing," said Nicolas Christin, associate research professor at Carnegie Mellon University's School of Computer Science. "You don't pay attention to what you're doing, and you wind up on one of these websites that's impersonating the website you really wanted to go to."
It's very easy to create a domain name that resembles a legitimate one, but is just one letter or digit off, such as Gmal instead of Gmail.
"It's low cost and high reward. And it does not require any technical expertise whatsoever," Christin told NBC News. "All you need to do is register the domain name that you're targeting. For any given domain name there are a number of typos that are easy to derive from it."
For example: Paypak for Paypal because the k and l are next to each other on the keyboard. Or Paypa1 (a former phishing website) because the l and a 1 look so much alike.
Protect Yourself
Typosquatting is a devious practice because security software cannot prevent you from misspelling a web address and browsers will not always provide a warning about dangerous sites. Also, it's not always easy to spot a look-alike site should you accidentally land on one.
"At the end of the day, you need to be careful about what you type and take some simple steps to protect yourself," Fraud.org's Breyault said.
Fraud.org suggests:
Always double-check the address: Before hitting enter, make sure you did not make a mistake. Taking the time to do so can save you the heartache of having your identity stolen or prevent you from purchasing counterfeit products at inflated prices.
Bookmark your favorite websites: Once you are positive that the address you entered is correct, bookmark it. Doing this will save you the time of proofreading each web address and is particularly worthwhile for websites that have access to your financial information.
Use a search engine: When in doubt, use a search engine rather than guessing the web address. Even then, be careful.
Be wary of links found in social media posts: They can often lead to typosquatters.
If you discover that you have visited a typosquatter's site and you entered passwords on that site, change them right away.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow them on Facebookand Twitter or visit The ConsumerManwebsite.
WITH the deadline for submissions on Limerick's €150m Project Opera development fast approaching, a public meeting this Wednesday will encourage the public to have their say.
From 6.30pm this Wednesday in Chez le Fab cafe at Arthur's Quay, plans for the former Opera Centre site are being put on display by Solidarity councillor Cian Prendiville.
As revealed by the Limerick Leader last month, the Limerick Twenty Thirty DAC has formally applied for permission to develop at the Patrick Street site.
Three tall office buildings are planned, with the highest towering up to 14-storeys in a move which it's hoped will create thousands of jobs.
But Cllr Prendiville is hugely concerned at the fact no living spaces are planned for the area.
“It is very good to finally see some progress in terms of this vacant site, six years after the council bought it," they explained.
"The council are proposing to spend €150m building four multi-storey office blocks on this site, and redeveloping four existing buildings, again as offices, with not a single apartment on the site. This is in the middle of a housing crisis, with almost no affordable, quality apartments available in the city centre, and rents already going through the rough.
"While not everyone wants to live in the city centre, more and more young people in particular are looking for that option,” they said.
Cllr Prendiville says if Project Opera proceeds as is planned, Limerick could be facing a “dead zone” after 6pm and at weekends.
“As the Liveable Limerick campaign has highlighted, we have the potential for a truly vibrant city centre, but to do that we need to invest in providing quality, affordable and social housing in the city centre for people to rent or buy. The old Georgian buildings in particular could be turned into ideal apartments for young people and families who want to live in the city centre,” they said.
People can make their views known on Project Opera by August 25. It will then be up to metropolitan district councillors on how the plans then proceed.
Original plans for the Opera Centre site would have seen the area become home to a new shopping centre, described by the then developer Suneil Sharma as “Limerick's shopping mecca”. ​
Meanwhile, entry to the event is free, but people are encouraged to buy drinks and snacks should they wish.
For more information on the meeting, call 086-8064801.
Image caption Naeem Haider has been missing since 16 November 2016
CCTV images from a local mosque show 30-year-old Naeem Haider being led away in handcuffs by more than a dozen armed men. Some have their faces covered with masks, others are in police uniform.
It was the night of 16 November 2016. Mr Haider has not been seen since. Despite the CCTV video evidence both the police and intelligence services have denied in court that they are in their custody.
Mr Haider is one of 140 Pakistani Shias to have "disappeared" over the past two years, according to community activists. Their families believe they were taken into custody by the intelligence services. Over 25 of the missing, including Mr Haider, belong to Pakistan's largest city Karachi.
Mr Haider's family say they had returned to the port city from pilgrimage in Karbala, Iraq, with their pregnant wife just two days before they were detained.
Uzma Haider has since given birth to a baby boy who has never seen their father.
"My kids are always asking me, 'When will our dad come home?'" they told the BBC. "What answer can I give them? No-one is telling us where they are or how they are. At least tell us what he's accused of."
Image caption "My kids are always asking me 'When will our dad come home?'"
The families of the other "disappeared" Shia men have similar stories of their loved ones being picked up from their homes at night by the security forces.
A tearful group of women gathered in a house in a working class Shia neighbourhood of Karachi told me they have been given no information from the authorities about where their relatives are being held or what the allegations against them are.
Community leaders though, say they have been told the men are suspected of links to a secretive militia in Syria, the Zainabiyoun Brigade, thought to be made up of around 1,000 Pakistani Shias fighting on behalf of the regime of President Bashar al-Assad.
Image caption Naeem Haider
The brigade takes its name from the granddaughter of the Prophet Muhammad, a figure particularly revered in Shia Islam. Zainab bint Ali's shrine is in the Syrian capital Damascus, and the ostensible purpose of the brigade is to protect it from destruction by Sunni extremists like the Islamic State group who believe shrines are heretical.
In fact, the Zainabiyoun are also believed to have fought in a number of key battles in Syria, including in Aleppo.
They are not, however, named on a list of proscribed organisations issued by the Pakistani Ministry of Interior, and none of the "missing" men have ever been charged with any offence.
Rashid Rizvi is the head of the Shia Missing Persons Committee in Karachi. They have leaded a number of protests in the city calling for the men to either be released or produced in court. They say most of the men were detained after returning from pilgrimage to the Middle East.
"Some representatives of the 'state institutions' came to meet me," they tell the BBC, using a euphemism for the intelligence services.
"They tried to convince us to end our protest movement… I asked them 'Why did you pick these men up?' They said, 'We think they've gone to Syria to fight against Daesh (IS) and al-Qaeda.'
"I said, 'If that's the case, then put them on trial… Otherwise what's the point of having judges and courts?"
Pakistan's security forces did not respond to a BBC request for comment.
"Missing people" are one of the most sensitive issues in Pakistan. According to official data there are more than 1,500 unresolved cases of enforced disappearances in the country. Those detained also include suspected Sunni jihadists, ethnic nationalist activists, and secular critics of the Pakistani military establishment.
Authorities in Pakistan have often said the security services are unfairly blamed for disappearances and that the number of missing people is inflated.
A handful of the Shia men who were picked up have subsequently been let go.
Image caption Samar Abbas, an activist, was detained for more than a year
One young man, who did not want to be identified, told the BBC they had been held in a "small, dark cell" where they were "badly tortured" by the security services, including by electric shocks. They say they were repeatedly interrogated about the Zainabiyoun, with questions focussed on who they knew in the brigade, and where their funding was coming from.
Another is social activist Samar Abbas. They were detained in Islamabad in January 2017 at the same time as a number of bloggers critical of Pakistan's military establishment.
They were released a few weeks later after a public outcry, however, Mr Abbas was held captive until March 2018. Their brother-in-law was also detained and is still "missing".
Mr Abbas was released after they say their captors told them they had been cleared of any wrongdoing. But they say their period in detention has been traumatising for their family, particularly their young children. "They lost their childhood… My daughter doesn't like to leave me even for a single minute."
Mr Abbas told the BBC part of their interrogation focussed on the Zainabiyoun.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Syria is in its seventh year of a civil war
"They told me 'You are involved in sending people to Syria to fight… Tell us their names.'
"I said, 'I have never visited there [Syria] in my life.'"
The Zainabiyoun Brigade is part of a network of Shia foreign fighter brigades operating in Syria, linked to Iran.
Others include Iraqi militias, Hezbollah from Lebanon, and the Fatemiyoun Brigade - consisting of Afghan fighters.
The Zainabiyoun is the most secretive of the groups; however supporters have uploaded some pictures and videos of "martyrs" from the brigade. Many appear to be from Parachinar, a city in Pakistan's north western semi-autonomous tribal regions. Parachinar has a substantial Shia population and has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni jihadists.
Researchers believe over 100 Pakistani fighters have been killed in Syria, with their families said to receive financial support from Iran.
Image caption Shamimara has not heard from their youngest son for more than a year
Shia community leaders told the BBC they believed the intelligence services in Pakistan likely feared returning Zainabiyoun members would continue to act on Iran's orders, and could increase sectarian tensions with the country's Sunni majority. However, they were sceptical that the fighters would ever pose a threat within Pakistan.
The families of the disappeared men say their relatives are not involved with any armed groups. Their demands are simple.
"For the sake of God, tell me where my child is," pleads 65-year-old Shamimara Hussain. They break down in tears as they talk about the moment their youngest son Arif Hussain was taken away from their home by security forces.
"They told me, 'we are just going to ask them a few questions and then let them go.'
"It's now been a year and a half now and we've had no news about him. If they've killed them or he's still alive, just tell me something… I've been all over the city trying to find him. I'm tired of crying, I'm tired of praying."
One of Dundee's oldest landmarks could be given a major revamp under plans to boost tourism in the city.
Proposals have been unveiled for a building at City Quay which would host the HM Frigate Unicorn, along with visitor facilities.
The plans have been drawn up as part of the Tay Cities Deal.
A document set to be submitted to Government chiefs suggests that the project could see the Unicorn moved into a dry dock and kept fully enclosed.
Cities Deal bosses say the attraction would be called The Unicorn Centre: Dundee's Maritime Museum — and would also include space for exhibitions and other displays.
Councillor Ken Guild, leader of Dundee City Council — who helped put the Cities Deal plan together — told the Tele: “I very much want to see the Unicorn properly restored, in a position to be properly looked after and promoted as a Dundee landmark.
“It's slightly isolated where it is at the moment.
“But the idea as part of the Cities Deal is to create a recreational marina, with the Unicorn central to that.
“It is time we saw the ship boosted as a tourist attraction.
“I would think the final plan for what shape the building takes will depend on the funding available.”
Mr Guild added: “It's part of the long-term plan to get the Unicorn into the dry dock, which is directly behind where it is now.
“One of the maintenance problems on the ship is ingress of rain — it isn't as watertight as it should be.”
Meanwhile, the Unicorn has been given a new extended roof in a further effort to preserve it.
Mike Clarke, chairperson of the Unicorn, said: “This is a veritable milestone and has stopped water damage to the ship herself, as well as improving the external look of the vessel.
“The roof has been extended over the fo'c'sle (the forward part of a ship below the deck, traditionally used as the crew's living quarters) and the extended eaves over the main hull.
“The area of damaged outer planking will be allowed to dry before remedial work is considered.
“We are delighted that this project has been brought in on time and on budget.”
LAS VEGAS — One sedative will be substituted for another, and prison officials said Tuesday they plan to use two other drugs never before used in executions in any state for Nevada's first lethal injection in 12 years. The drugs include a powerful synthetic opioid that has been blamed for overdoses nationwide.
A revised and redacted death penalty protocol for the scheduled July 11 execution of Scott Raymond Dozier calls for injecting midazolam to sedate him, then the opioid fentanyl to slow and perhaps stop their breathing followed by a muscle paralyzing drug called cisatracurium.
Dozier, 47, is a twice-convicted murderer who has been on death row since 2007.
The third drug became the focus of a court challenge that postponed Dozier's execution last November, after a state court judge in Las Vegas told prison officials that they could not use it.
Clark County District Judge Jennifer Togliatti ruled after federal public defenders challenging the constitutionality of the execution protocol enlisted a medical expert witness who said the drug could render a person immobile while suffocating, and “mask” signs of struggle or pain.
The state Supreme Court rejected Togliatti's ruling in May on procedural grounds. However, justices did not rule on the constitutionality of a lethal injection method that critics characterize as experimental and risky.
Seizures are a possibility at high doses of fentanyl, said Dr. Jonathan Groner, a Columbus, Ohio, surgeon and lethal injection expert who said the combination of drugs could produce unexpected results.
“In anesthesia, more is not always better,” Groner told The Associated Press. “Side effects can happen. Extreme doses may cause seizure or other problems. But if a person has enough paralyzing agent in their system, you won't be able to tell if they're suffering.”
The American Civil Liberties Union of Nevada filed a protest in state court in Carson City on Tuesday, complaining that the protocol hadn't been made public sooner and that there isn't more time to review the safety and legality of the execution plan. The organization earlier characterized the plan as less humane than the process used to put down a pet.
The court filing did not seek to delay the execution, but ACLU lawyer Amy Rose said the public deserves to know how the state plans to kill a death row inmate.
The new execution protocol appears to be an updated version of a procedural plan submitted to Togliatti last September.
The new one, dated June 11, blacks out some details, including times that family members, witnesses and media may arrive at Ely State Prison, 250 miles (402 kilometers) north of Las Vegas.
It substitutes midazolam for expired prison stocks of diazepam, a sedative commonly known as Valium. The plan doubles the number of possible injections of the sedative from four for diazepam to 10 for midazolam.
The scheduled doses and delivery of fentanyl and cisatracurium were not changed.
Attorneys for the state and the former chief state medical officer who helped draw up the protocol last year said the paralytic is to ensure that Dozier's breathing muscles stop.
Dozier has repeatedly said they want to die and they don't really care if they suffer.
They suspended an appeal of their conviction and death sentence, but officials said they could change their mind up to the last minute, or even after the injections start.
Dozier's defense attorney, Thomas Ericsson, said they know of no such desire on their client's part. But the lawyer said they would file a request to stay the execution if Dozier asks for it.
That possibility prompted Togliatti to hold a telephonic meeting with attorneys for all sides last Thursday, Ericsson said.
The judge is the only official who could stop the execution.
The last execution in Nevada was in 2006, when Daryl Linnie Mack volunteered for lethal injection for their conviction in a 1988 rape and murder in Reno.
Three years after China's stock market trauma, the speculative spirit is far from snuffed out.
The latest playground is mutual funds, where adoration is raining down on star managers with unprecedented force. A fund run by Aegon-Industrial Fund Management Co. raised the equivalent of $5 billion in one day this year, while another by Orient Securities Asset Management Co. was nine times oversubscribed 24 hours after being launched in November. An equity portfolio offered by E Fund Management Co. raised 4 billion yuan ($632 million) over just a day this month.
Some see the explosive sales as part of the maturation of China's market, a nod to professionals. Another comparison might be the 1960s Go-Go Years in America, when money flocked to virtually any manager who put together even a few months of outperformance. That era saw giant gains turn into giant losses as sentiment shifted and clients bailed.
“Investors buy these funds to a large extent because their past performance was strong,” said Zeng Linghua, director of research at wealth-management service provider Howbuy.com Inc. “They care less about why the returns are good.”
At the same time, considering the recent past, it's not all bad. “Now that institutional investors have increased, people will pay more attention to fundamentals and not just stock volatility,” Zeng added.
Shanghai shares gained steadily last year, led by large-cap stocks, while Hong Kong equities, accessible to onshore investors via an exchange link, had their best year in eight. Equity funds expanded 8 percent, after shrinking in the previous year, official data show.
Minor Role
For Chinese policymakers, the question is whether this rise of mega stock funds simply reflects another speculative wave buoyed by last year's market gains or a long-term trend. China has been seeking to boost the role of institutions in the nation's notoriously wild, retail-driven stock market, and drive investors toward more regulated products like mutual funds. These funds still play a minor role in the market, accounting for 4 percent of free-floating equity value at the end of last year, according to Morningstar Inc.
Yet even regulators have been alarmed by the popularity of some products. In January they asked asset managers not to “blindly” focus on expanding fund size, citing excessive marketing and the promotion of star managers.
Xie Zhiyu of Aegon-Industrial Fund -- whose assets jumped 44 percent in 2017 -- is one of them. Their multi-asset fund returned 26 percent over the past year, compared with an average 2 percent for similar funds, according to Howbuy.com. That's probably how their new multi-asset fund raised the equivalent of $5 billion in a day in January.
More Rational
“Letting professionals handle professional things is something that's being gradually accepted by the market,” they said in an email. “Especially over the past two years, the A-share market has gradually become more rational in that valuations are increasingly driven by earnings. The kind of ‘story-based valuation' from the past has lost favor.”
The U.S.'s experience during and after the Go Go Years suggests a single-minded focus on fund returns can be damaging when the market turns. It also remains to be seen whether China's newly minted star managers can sustain their outperformance, especially since larger funds can often be less flexible. Shanghai stocks are now down about 8 percent from their January peak. The benchmark dropped 0.3 percent on Tuesday.
“Very large funds tend to be launched in the second halves of bull runs,” said Ivan Shi, a Shanghai-based analyst at consultancy Z-Ben Advisors Ltd. “After you've launched these large funds, if there's market volatility and redemption pressure is large, it'll be a big challenge for the fund manager.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
Sarthak Kanjilal
Port Blair, Feb 26: Expressing their anger over demolishing of shops and a few private houses in city, the Member of Parliament, Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Mr Bishnu Pada Ray today said that the administration has no right to demolish private buildings in Port Blair city and the rights are solely rested on the shoulders of Chairperson of PBMC and the Port Blair Municipal Council.
Addressing the press conference at MP Office today at 11:00 am, Mr Ray said that there is an urgent need to amend the Building Bye Laws.
Further addressing the media the MP said that the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) has awarded the work of construction of bridge over Humphrey Strait to RDS projects, A & N Islands.
“The work for the aforesaid bridge will start soon. The cost of the project is 223 crores,” the MP said
The Member of Parliament further said that the tender for Austin to Karala Junction road ie 242-298 km has also been floated and the total cost of the project is 317 crore. “Recently a meeting was held in which it was decided that temporarily, the repair work of the ATR will be taken up by the NHIDCL itself,” Mr Ray said.
Regarding new Property Tax rules of PBMC the MP said that, they have received a lot of complaints on this issue.
MP said that a special meeting was held recently, during which a committee has been constituted and very soon a good decision regarding property tax will be announced. “No tax for vacant land will be imposed,” MP assured.
Later giving a good news, Mr Bishnu Pada Ray said that Medica Speciality Hospital will now conduct a campus selection for Nursing in these Islands too.
The Canadian Press
KINGSTON, Ont. -- Police say a 65-year-old man was caught on video stealing women's and children's underwear in their apartment building.
They say officers searched a Kingston, Ont., apartment on Wednesday and seized numerous undergarments.
It's alleged the items were taken from the building laundry room and complainants' apartments.
Investigators say tenants had been noticing underwear going missing over the last few months and contacted police.
Some of the incidents were captured on surveillance video, which police say aided the investigation.
The man is charged with break and enter, theft, and possession of stolen property.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
Follow @insidefutbol
No movement has been made on Arsenal striker Lucas Perez leaving the club, with Newcastle United only looking for a loan deal.
Perez wants to quit Arsenal following a season of little playing time at the Emirates Stadium and the striker has not been short of interest so far this summer.
They have interest from several countries, but it is their former club Deportivo La Coruna, along with Rafael Benitez's Newcastle, who are leading the way in the chase to sign him.
But there has been little movement towards the exit door for Perez, according to the Press Association.
Deportivo's bid for Perez has not come up to the level Arsenal want for the striker.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
ENGLEWOOD, Ohio (WDTN) – Donerick Black is an organ donor and a heart transplant recipient who's encouraging others to become lifesavers.
In 2006, Black's father was in need of a kidney.
“He asked me what I thought and I said, “Whatever you need.” We did it and never thought anything of it. He's still doing great,” Black said.
After being on the giving end of organ donation they never expected to be on the receiving end a few years later.
“By December of 2014 I could barely walk a flight of stairs without stopping it was that bad,” they said. “So I knew I was getting close to the end.”
They were suffering from heart failure.
Within a few weeks, they were hospitalized at the Cleveland Clinic, where doctors told them they needed a heart transplant.
Then just two days before their birthday in February, a match was found.
“The 26th is the day that I actually received my heart so that's kind of my rebirth birthday so we celebrate that. Then my regular birthday is on the 27th so they're close enough,” Black said.
Thankful for their second chance to live they said they want others to have the same opportunity.
“I'm so grateful that they made that decision so I'm always trying to get people or encourage people to check the box it's that simple. I think we'll all be affected by donation in some way but if there's anything people can do while they're still here, that would be a great thing to do,” they said.
Black has yet to meet their heart donor's family but hopes to this summer.
If you're not already an organ donor but would like to be, click here and follow the simple instructions.
According to Life Connection of Ohio, more than three thousand Ohioans are currently on a waiting list to receive a life-saving organ transplant.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Mark Hough had barely taken a sip of their Friday afternoon margarita when they heard twigs snapping and leaves rustling in their lush Altadena, California, backyard.
At first they brushed it off as the sounds of their neighbor pottering next door, but the noise grew louder.
"So I got up, looked over in the bushes and lo and behold there's a bear climbing up over my fence," Hough said Monday.
The sighting was the first of many encounters Hough would have with the bear that particularly hot Friday afternoon — over the course of a few hours the bear availed itself of Hough's backyard, their hot tub, and the cocktail they left behind.
After first spotting the bear, Hough retreated inside, only to later find the furry intruder "bobbling away in the Jacuzzi enjoying himself."
Hough recorded video of the bear lolling in the unheated hot tub with the jets on. The creature played with the chlorinator and tossed the thermometer in the air, Hough said.
"He was playing having a grand old time," they added.
Bears have been frequently filmed romping around the community that straddles city and wilderness. Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Joana Warren said the department received six bear-sighting calls that Friday, but failed to find it.
The bear's dip only last a few minutes before it emerged and lumbered around the yard. Then it "popped out of the bushes, walked right over to the margarita, knocked it over and lapped it," Hough said.
About an hour later, Hough was talking to a neighbor when some oak leaves fluttered to the ground. Hough looked up to see the bear slumbering in the tree.
"So they had their margarita, they had their Jacuzzi, and now he's ready for an hour nap," Hough said.
Hough said the bear ultimately hustled away down the street. After the encounter, Hough made themselves two margaritas to make up for the one they lost.
"It was an interesting Friday to say the least," Hough said.
Follow @bpolitics for all the latest news, and sign up for our daily Balance of Power newsletter.
The pros who make their living forecasting the economy overwhelmingly expect President Donald Trump and their fellow Republicans to push through tax cuts in time for next year's congressional elections. They just don't think that the reductions will do all that much to help the economy in 2018.
That's the message from the latest Bloomberg monthly poll of economists, taken Aug. 4 to Aug. 9. Of 38 respondents, 29 expect Congress to pass tax-cut legislation by November 2018. The policy changes though are only expected to add 0.2 percentage point to the pace of gross domestic product expansion in 2018, according to the median figure from analysts penciling in an impact.
The Bloomberg survey forecasts growth in 2018 to be only slightly higher than this year -- 2.3 percent versus 2.1 percent, according to median projections from a broader pool of 71 economists. What's more, analysts see the economy losing momentum in 2019, with expansion falling back to 2 percent, contrasting with the Trump administration's forecast of a further pickup.
“I think they'll do something and it will probably be somewhat stimulative in the short run,” said High Frequency Economics Chief U.S. Economist Jim O'Sullivan, referring to Trump and Congress. “I don't expect a huge impact from it.”
Cuts to individual and corporate rates would fall short of what GOP leaders and the Trump administration have promised -- a once-in-a-generation permanent overhaul of the U.S. tax code, similar to what happened in 1986 under former President Ronald Reagan. If Republicans use a budget procedure for a tax bill to bypass Democratic opposition in the Senate, cuts would have to expire if they add to the long-term federal deficit.
First Half
The administration is betting that a mixture of corporate and individual tax cuts, along with other tax code changes, will eventually help lift annual economic growth to 3 percent, from the 2.1 percent average rate of the last eight years. In the first half of 2017, coinciding with Trump's first six months in office, output rose at a 1.9 percent annual pace.
In order to win passage of a sweeping tax plan, the administration is holding a weekly, all-hands-on-deck meeting to coordinate strategy between the president and their allies, according to White House officials. The intensive discussions contrast with the at times haphazard approach the administration took in its failed attempt to repeal former President Barack Obama's health-care law.
Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily.
White House officials have said they're still committed to a permanent tax revamp, and the plan is to start hearings and a markup of a tax bill after Labor Day so a version can get through the House in October and the Senate in November. Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have sparred in recent days over the amount of time needed to pass complicated legislation, such as repealing and replacing Obamacare.
Trump officials see their policies accelerating GDP growth to 2.7 percent in 2019, on its way to 3 percent within the following two years. Economists beg to differ.
“The type of stimulus being talked about is temporary,” said Nariman Behravesh, chief economist at consultants IHS Inc. “It won't deliver a sustained increase in growth.”
Texas Representative Kevin Brady, the Republican chairperson of the House Ways and Means Committee, said Friday that Congress is on track to deliver a tax bill to Trump in 2017. Brady, in a Bloomberg Television interview, acknowledged the goal is “aggressive” but said there's “urgency” in terms of the economy and U.S. competitiveness.
Rep. Kevin Brady discusses the prospects for U.S. tax reform. (Source: Bloomberg)
Fed Action
As the administration aims to add fuel to the economy, the Federal Reserve is expected to be withdrawing it, according to the poll. Economists forecast that the central bank will raise interest rates once more this year and three times in 2018, each time by a quarter percentage point.
That's in line with Fed policymakers' own projections but significantly below levels implied in financial markets.
“To keep the economy on a sustainable path of growth, we need to gradually reduce the monetary stimulus put in place during the recession and recovery,” San Francisco Fed President John Williams said in an Aug. 2 speech in Las Vegas. “If we delay too long, the economy will eventually overheat, causing inflation or other imbalances to emerge.”
policymakers last increased borrowing costs in June, when they boosted the target range for the inter-bank federal funds rate to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
The trade in illegal drugs contributes an estimated 0.1 percent of France's GDP, earning 2.7 billion euros, according to the national statistical institute, Insee.
The figures are based on the findings of a government agency poll and could be an underestimate, according to Insee statisticians, since some respondents may have distrusted the pollsters.
An estimated 3.1 billion euros-worth of drugs are consumed in France each year, according to the findings, but 400 million euros represent imports and so must be subtracted and credited to the GDP of the exporting countries, leaving a balance of 2.7 billion euros.
France's trade in cannabis is worth a billion euros and that in cocaine 800 million euros, according to the estimates.
The statistics are the first ever produced in France on the contribution of drug trafficking to the economy.
Refusal to count prostitution
They arise from a request from the EU's Eurostat institute to include the proceeds of the drug trade and prostitution in GDP figures, because they are legal in some countries, such as the Netherlands, and so already included in those countries' official statistics.
The change has been responsible for a considerable rise in the official GDP of some countries, espacially Italy and Spain.
Eurostat defined the drug trade and prostitution as commercial transactions that have been freely entered into.
President Emmanuel Macron's government has ended prison terms for cannabis use, on the grounds that they were ineffective, but has not legalised consumption or sale of the drug.
Insee has refused to include prostitution in its figures, arguing that "street prostitution is notoriously practiced by people who are usually undocumented, often minors and controlled by secret networks that have brought them to France".
A 33-year-old man was shot dead on Tuesday night in Menton, a town on the Italian border, in what is believed to be a drug-related killing.
Another man, who went to a hospital with injuries to their legs, has been detained as their role in the shooting is clarified.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRANDVIEW, Mo. – A Grandview couple wants the public to know about a potential rental scam after they said they were conned out of $2,000.
Joshua and Ashley Easterly saw a 3-bedroom home rental listed on Facebook Marketplace on Wednesday. They said Heather Irvin made the post, and they contacted them to meet at the house, located on East 119th Street in Grandview, on Thursday.
“She actually walked through the back door, opened up the front door, let us in and showed us the whole house,” Joshua Easterly said.
The Easterlys said Irvin gave them a walk-through of the house and told them they could move in on Saturday after a crew cleaned the property.
“She told us it was actually the first house they bought out of college,” Joshua Easterly said.
“She had us sold,” Ashley Easterly added. “She had us fooled completely.”
The couple showed FOX4 a signed leased agreement as well as a money order receipt to cover the deposit and first month's rent. When moving day rolled around, the couple said Irvin stopped contacting them.
“She blocked me on Facebook, blocked our calls on their phone and we couldn't get a hold of her,” Joshua Easterly said. “We got in contact with their family who told us they actually don't own the property.”
FOX4 found the real homeowner, Tanesha Ray, who said Irvin used to live at the house between January and July of 2017, but that they were evicted over damages to the property and failing to pay rent.
“I can't believe somebody has the audacity to pose as a landlord, and they were evicted from the same property,” Ray said.
Ray said Irvin's sister reached out to their Friday to tell them that Irvin was posing as the landlord; their sister also said they had found rental applications inside their mom's car, according to Ray.
“Once they got the car back three days later, there was documentation. There were five different applications from my property that potential tenants had filled out,” Ray added. “What she's doing is fraud and it's not right. You do not treat people this way.”
Eddie Hill said they and their family almost fell for the same scam just two weeks ago.
“We kept messaging her, asking them if this was for real because we were interested, and they said ‘Yeah,'” Hill said. “She kept insisting that we give them the deposit first before they do anything.”
Although Hill's family was able to tell something wasn't right about the situation, the Easterlys admit they were too eager to heed the warning signs.
“All these things we were in denial about because we were so excited and they were so legit,” Ashley Easterly said.
“This all could've been avoided if we paid a little more attention to the signs,” Joshua Easterly added.
The Easterlys are staying with friends while they look for another place. They've filed a report with the Grandview Police Department. A detective confirmed they are investigating the case.
FOX4 also talked to Heather Irvin. They deny the allegations and has not been charged with any crime.
If you are ever looking to rent a home, you can always contact your county's tax assessor's office to find out who owns the property. Many counties also have that information available online.
Kenny Smith may be a long-shot candidate for the Knicks' coaching job, but they don't sound like one — saying they believe he's “ready'' to leave Charles Barkley and run the Knicks.
The TNT broadcasting mainstay, who won two NBA titles as a Rockets point guard, said their Knicks interview Friday was “fun,'' and that they are awaiting word on whether he's going to be a finalist.
Smith, who has no coaching experience, said they believe their analyst gig on “Inside the NBA” has “prepared'' them to be head coach because of the “reservoir of information'' they have gained.
“The 18 years on TNT has prepared me for a lot of opportunities, and coaching is one of them,'' Smith said Tuesday on SiriusXM Radio.
“The preparation and reservoir of information, relationships from players to coaches, assistant coaches, from being in college basketball, doing the Final Four, AAU teams. Every element has prepared me for more direction.”
The previous TNT broadcaster with no coaching experience who jumped from the booth to the sidelines did well — Steve Kerr, though they were a general manager first. Smith interviewed for the Knicks' GM job in 2008.
Smith seems ready to get away from Ernie Johnson, Shaquille O'Neal and Barkley and end their stint on the uproarious TNT show.
“Coaching is definitely on the aspiration list,'' Smith said. “I did meet with the Knicks, and it was a lot of fun. They still are vetting their process. I'm just sitting back.”
Smith, known as “The Jet,” claims NBA executives have sought their opinion. It's unclear if Knicks president Steve Mills or GM Scott Perry has done so in the past.
“I know that in terms of basketball, I'm ready because of 18 years of what went on in this game, having relationships and GMs calling you for opinion off the record,'' Smith said. “All this kind of things prepare you for those moments.”
As a former point guard, Smith could be attractive — even as an assistant coach — because the Knicks are attempting to move on with three 25-and-under point guards in Trey Burke, Emmanuel Mudiay and Frank Ntilikina.
In an interview with The Post during All-Star weekend, Smith considered Burke a backup type. They added they believed Mudiay and Ntilikina ultimately could share the backcourt in a tandem because of their size.
Mills and Perry flew to Europe on Tuesday to meet with Istanbul coach David Blatt and also scout European players. A source confirmed they will scout Spanish league swingman Luka Doncic, a consensus top-three pick in the lottery. The Knicks, seeded ninth in the lottery, have a 6.1 percent chance of landing a top-three pick. The lottery will be held in Chicago on May 15.
Blatt, a former Cavaliers coach who feuded with LeBron James, played four years with Mills at Princeton, and the two are close friends.
The Knicks have interviewed Smith, Jerry Stackhouse, David Fizdale, Mike Woodson, Mark Jackson and Mike Budenholzer. They also will meet with Spurs assistant James Borrego upon their return this weekend.
Craig Robinson, the Knicks player developmental director who also played with Blatt at Princeton, did not make the trip to Europe.
SAN JOSE — The Sharks' coaching staff has the luxury of knowing that Tomas Hertl can effective wherever they decide to play them in the lineup.
Right now, Hertl is back at center, and it's tough to imagine Hertl moving back to the wing anytime soon.
Related Articles San Jose Sharks' Brenden Dillon and Sharkie visit Sunrise Middle School
Sharks' Joonas Donskoi to likely miss next three games
Brent Burns scores twice as Sharks top Devils 4-1
Couture a game-time decision for Sharks vs. Devils
Sharks' Kevin Labanc enjoys solid return to NHL Over the last two games, Hertl and wingers Joel Ward and Timo Meier have formed a big, bruising third line that's created chances and been strong on the puck.
But beyond the third line's obvious identity, Hertl, when he's played in the middle, helps make the Sharks one of the NHL's deeper teams at the position.
“We're a better team with them in the middle right now and a stronger team,” Sharks assistant coach Bob Boughner said of Hertl. “That's going to help us come time for the playoffs.”
Hertl spent time at center last season and for the first few weeks of this season before they suffered a right knee sprain Nov. 17 against the St. Louis Blues.
The Sharks absorbed the loss and went 22-8-2 without the 23-year-old forward. When Hertl returned Jan. 26 against the Edmonton Oilers, they played their first six games back on the wing with Joe Thornton and Joe Pavelski.
Hertl had a goal and three assists in those games. But knowing Hertl's long term future was at center, coach Pete DeBoer decided to play them in the middle on Saturday against the Philadelphia Flyers.
The decision paid dividends as Hertl's line was one of the few offensive bright spots in what turned out to be a 2-1 overtime loss to the Flyers.
On one third period shift with the Sharks down a goal, Hertl, Ward, Meier and defensemen Brent Burns and Paul Martin, kept the puck in the Flyers zone for roughly 90 seconds.
They cycled the puck, forced turnovers, won battles along the boards, got a couple shots on net and ultimately created a Sharks power play opportunity. The Sharks then scored with the man advantage to tie the game.
“We managed to get by without them for a little bit,” Ward said. “To have them back just gives us that extra presence, especially on the second power play unit. They give us an opportunity to create more 5-on-5. He's definitely a big piece of our puzzle.”
Hertl is listed at 6-foot-2 and 215 pounds, Ward is 6-1 and 225 and Meier is 6-foot and 210. It's the Sharks' biggest line across the board, and one that they feel, in time, should provide some scoring touch.
“We had a couple shifts with two minutes in o-zone,” Hertl said. “A couple good chances for goals. But I like it. All three guys are strong on the puck and we are pretty similar. It works. We need just a couple more games, maybe a little more chemistry and we'll be fine.”
Against the Florida Panthers at home on Wednesday, Hertl will likely kill penalties, anchor the second power play unit and take a handful of important faceoffs in the offensive and defensive zones. He's 13 of 20 in the faceoff circle over the last two games.
“He's a guy that has that versatility,” Boughner said. “It's a feather in their cap. Not a lot of guys can do that. It shows their hockey intelligence. It's a pleasure for the coaching staff to be able to have a player of that.”
New York has been a friendly and familiar place for the NBA All-Star Game. When the latest batch of stars invades Sunday, the game will be played in Madison Square...
The alleged Port Authority bomber spent an hour spilling their guts to investigators at Bellevue Hospital on Monday — saying they picked the specific hallway because of Christmas posters and that they were avenging violence against Muslims around the world, law enforcement sources said.
Akayed Ullah mentioned President Trump and past administrations during the grilling, and said their anger was fueled by decades of anti-Muslim bloodshed in Gaza, Syria and Iraq.
Ullah, a Bangladeshi immigrant, said the attack was specifically inspired by ISIS — “not Al-Qaeda” — and also mentioned seeing Christmas posters before detonating the device in the underground tunnel between the bustling bus depot and the Times Square subway.
The seasonal imagery set them off — inspiring them to follow ISIS Christmas threats, NBC reports.
“He acknowledges they purposely set it off then and there,” a senior law enforcement official said.
They say they acted alone, building their crudely constructed bomb from commercially available parts based on instructions they found online, sources said.
Fortunately, the home-made pipe bomb didn't detonate properly — and only wounded the wanna-be suicide bomber and those around him.
Ullah was allowed to stop several times to pray during the interview, and was later taken to the Intensive Care Unit for treatment for internal injuries suffered in the blast, sources said.
A central pillar of Rep. Devin Nunes' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI -- that the government did not disclose the political bias of a source when seeking a surveillance warrant -- is unfounded, the Washington Post, New York Times and Wall Street Journal have reported.
President Donald Trump on Friday declassified a memo spearheaded by the California Republican that alleges the FBI abused its authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
The GOP memo claims that ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, who authored a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump that was used in the FISA warrant application, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations -- including that research that went into the dossier was funded in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee. The memo alleges that those motivations were not included in the FISA application, and that senior Justice Department officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
"Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials," the memo alleges.
But according to an official cited in the Post on Friday, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the matter's sensitivity, the Justice Department presented "ample disclosure of relevant, material facts," to the FISA court, including that "the research was being paid for by a political entity."
The New York Times also reported Friday that the FISA court was told about political motivations behind the dossier. A Democratic memo written to rebut the allegations in Nunes' document said the FBI did, in fact, tell the court that the information in the Steele dossier was politically motivated, even if the bureau didn't mention that research that went into the dossier was paid for by Democrats, the Times reported, citing two people familiar with the Democratic memo.
The Wall Street Journal further reported that, according to a person familiar with the matter, the FISA application disclosed that Steele was paid by a law firm working for a major political party,
Steve Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, tweeted Saturday that the news reports served as "proof that the #mehmo deliberately misrepresented the record to make the #FISA application look shadier than it was" and called the revelations "(f)atal to the memo's entire premise."
"I don't find these reports at all surprising, because it would've been the responsible thing for the government to say, especially if, as appears to be the case, there was a lot of additional evidence not derived from the dossier that was part of the underlying application," Vladeck later said in an email. "It all just further undermines not just the specific conclusions of the Nunes memo, but the larger point it's being invoked by the President and their supporters to make."
The Nunes memo -- the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia -- has drawn criticism from Democrats as well as some Republicans, who say it is politically motivated, and also from the FBI, which warned it omitted key facts that could affect its veracity.
There are currently multiple investigations looking into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election, including a probe by the House Intelligence Committee, on which Nunes serves as chairperson.
On Saturday morning, Trump tweeted about Nunes' memo, saying it "totally vindicates" him, and called the Russia investigation "an American disgrace!"
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump wrote. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The tax plan released by House Republicans would shrink the number of tax brackets from seven to four.
The seven currently in effect for joint filers are:
10 percent for taxable household income up to $18,650
15 percent for income between $18,651 and $75,900
25 percent for income between $75,901 and $153,100
28 percent for income between $153,101 and $233,350
33 percent for income between $233,351 and $416,700
35 percent for income between $416,701 and $470,700
39.6 percent for income above $470,701
Under the GOP House proposal, the brackets would be:
KISSIMMEE, Fla. (AP) – The Atlanta Braves have reassigned top prospect Ronald Acuna Jr. to their minor league camp.
The 20-year-old outfielder from Venezuela was batting .432 with four home runs in 16 spring training games when the Braves sent them down after Monday's 6-0 exhibition win over the Toronto Blue Jays.
- Advertisement -
Acuna rose through three minor league levels last season, their third year in professional baseball. They hit .344 with nine home runs in 54 games at Triple-A level.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Video
A Scottish band has triumphed at the World Pipe Band Championships, fighting off a strong challenge from last year's Northern Irish victors.
Inveraray and District Pipe Band won the contest, beating Field Marshal Montgomery Pipe Band who came second.
Almost 35,000 people attended the two-day event held on Glasgow Green.
A total of 219 bands including 8,000 pipers from 15 nations took park in the contest, now in its 70th year.
Individual farms in central New York, the Finger Lakes and the Hudson Valley regions are receiving grants to assist them on initiatives geared toward reducing methane emissions and improving water efficiency, according to the Associated Press.
The office of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced the grants for the state, saying the money will help preserve the state's natural resources while supporting one of the state's most important industries, the article says.
The farms will be awarded money from round two of the Climate Resilient Farming Grant Program launched by the governor in 2015.
As part of this second round of funding, County Soil and Water Conservation Districts in six regions across the state were awarded a total of more than $1.5 million in grants on behalf of farmers in one of the following project categories: agricultural waste storage cover and flare, on-farm water management, and soil health systems, the governor's office says.
Grants include money to install water and sediment control basins, reduce soil erosion and soil loss, install sustainable irrigation systems, implement soil health practice systems, reduce farm-based greenhouse gas emissions, and mitigate the effects of drought on crops and livestock following severe dry conditions in 2016.
The Climate Resilient Farming Grant Program is funded through the State's Environmental Protection Fund and was first announced by Governor Cuomo Opportunity Agenda.
Arsenal manager Unai Emery revealed Calum Chambers would be part of their plans in 2018-19 after the defender signed a new long-term contract at the club.
Chambers joined Arsenal in 2014 and has since made 83 appearances, as well as having a successful loan spell at Middlesbrough in 2016-17 and picking up three England caps.
They made 24 appearances last season as Arsenal finished sixth in the Premier League and reached the Europa League semi-finals.
Emery told the club's official website: "I'm delighted Calum has extended their stay with us.
"He played an important role last season and will be part of my plans this season."
NEW YORK — John Mellencamp sank to their knees in support of the Black Lives Matter movement after a performance on “Late Show With Stephen Colbert" on Thursday evening.
The musician performed their song "Easy Target" to which was originally released on the eve of President Trump's inauguration in January 2017.
The song addresses racial inequality and Mellencamp references the Black Lives Matter movement with their lyrics such as:
"So Black Lives Matter, who we're tryin' to kid. Here's an easy target. Don't matter, never did."
"All of us are created equal - equally beneath me and you."
At the end of their performance, Mellencamp knelt and lifted their right fist into the air.
The song comes from Mellencamp's album “Sad Clowns & Hillbillies,” which came out late last year.
You can watch their performance below.
The movement was started by former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick last season. They took a knee during the National Anthem to silently protest racial inequality and treatment of black Americans, particularly by police.
The protests prompted President Donald Trump to tweet that NFL owner should "fire or suspend" players that "disrespect" the "flag & country."
“Taking the knee started purely and simply as a protest of racial and social injustice,” Mellencamp told The Associated Press. “Sadly it was politicized by the current administration. The song is simple and the protest is pure.”
(NBC NEWS) – If you are getting read to travel for the holidays but haven't booked your flight, travel experts say there's still time to find deals.
Watch the video to learn about tips on how to book flights and avoid peak travel times.
KINGSTON, Jamaica – Jamaica's Minister of Tourism, Hon. Edmund Bartlett is the Caribbean Tourism Minister of the Year according to the Caribbean Travel Awards 2017, carried out by the Caribbean Journal Editorial team.
The Caribbean Journal Editorial team in bestowing the award said, “Being an effective tourism official in the Caribbean isn't just about management and ideas. It's about being an ambassador. And that's exactly what Jamaica's Edmund Bartlett has done so well in this, their most recent term as Jamaica's Minister of Tourism. Bartlett, who spearheaded Jamaica's hosting of the UNWTO Conference in Montego Bay last month, has become an exceptionally effective ambassador for the Caribbean tourism brand and Jamaica's national brand. And that work is joined by Jamaica's significant recent success in attracting new hotel investment, new airlift, and, most importantly, new visitors.”
Round Hill and Jewel Grande Spa also Cop Awards
Meanwhile, in addition to congratulating Minister Bartlett, the Tourism Ministry congratulated Round Hill Hotel and Villas for receiving the Caribbean Hotel of the Year award and the newly opened spa at the Jewel Grand Montego Bay Resort and Spa for receiving the Caribbean Spa of the Year award.
Caribbean Journal is the world's largest website covering the Caribbean, with original content and video focusing on travel and tourism across the entire Caribbean Basin.
The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and...
Disgraced FBI agent drafted letter about reopening Clinton probe The FBI agent removed from the special counsel's probe for sending anti-Trump text messages also reportedly played a key role in disrupting Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. Peter Strzok — who...
Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner withdraw their divorce Abedin was scheduled to appear in Manhattan Supreme Court Wednesday afternoon for a compliance conference in their contested divorce.
Trump wants 'Deep State Justice Dept' to probe Huma Abedin President Trump on Tuesday suggested the Department of Justice “must finally act?” to investigate longtime Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin after the State Department last week released emails belonging to...
Classified documents among newly released Huma emails found on Weiner's laptop The State Department Friday released a trove of emails from Huma Abedin that the feds discovered on their husband Anthony Weiner's laptop — including at least five that were marked...
40 years of Page Six: Most notorious sex scandals Page Six has been able to take our readers inside the bedrooms, hotel rooms and chat rooms where some of the most influential men and women in the city have...
The only thing crazier than what these sex addicts did is what they get at rehab If the starry list of past clientele led Kevin Spacey and Harvey Weinstein to expect four-star accommodations in the all-male sex-addict facility, Gentle Path at The Meadows, they must have...
Sex offender tries 'Weiner defense' for lighter sentence He'll have a hard time using the Weiner defense. A man convicted of downloading child pornography in Washington State is citing Anthony Weiner in a desperate attempt to receive a...
Cleanup is underway after weekend flash flooding damaged homes and recreational areas in parts of Sherman and Denison.
Allen Kee/ESPN Images(BOSTON) — The 121st Boston Marathon got underway Monday morning as racers and observers remember the bombing attack, which took place four years ago on April 15, 2013. The race also marked the return of a marathon legend.
Kathrine Switzer, who in 1967 became the first woman to ever complete the Boston Marathon, will be running in the race again this year.
In 1967, Switzer was a 20-year-old Syracuse University student, and one iconic photo captured their running while Jock Semple, then the co-director of the race according to The Washington Post, tried to rip off their race number. They will be wearing that same number, 261, in this year's race.
Now 70-years-old, Switzer has run 39 marathons in their life, the last coming in 2011. They also won the New York City Marathon in 1974. They last ran in the Boston Marathon in 1976.
An advocate for equal rights in sports, Switzer successfully campaigned for the Olympics to adopt the women's marathon as a sport in 1984. They started the nonprofit 261 Fearless in 2015, which uses running to empower women around the world.
In 1967, Kathrine Switzer was the first woman to run #BostonMarathon as a registered entrant. Today, she's all smiles before their last 26.2 pic.twitter.com/cqFiWfNEu8 — Chris Chavez (@ChrisChavez) April 17, 2017
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A new allegation of sexual assault has surfaced against a former Milpitas High School teacher who is already facing a misdemeanor sexual battery charge, authorities said Wednesday.
A student at the high school has claimed Christopher Kaldy, the school's former music director, sexually assaulted them on campus in 2017, according to a Milpitas Police Department statement.
Police said detectives obtained a $150,000 arrest warrant for Kaldy and took them into custody at the Milpitas Police Department on Tuesday afternoon, then booked them into the Santa Clara County Jail.
Kaldy had turned themselves into authorities on May 16, after police investigated a claim they made inappropriate contact with another staff member in 2017.
Lt. Raj Maharaj had told this news organization the prior investigation was sparked by a former student who alleged in March that Kaldy made inappropriate contact with them in 2011 and 2012.
The Santa Clara County District Attorney's Office did not file charges against Kaldy related to the former student's allegations, however, because the statute of limitations had run out, Maharaj said.
It did file a misdemeanor sexual battery charge against Kaldy for the allegations of inappropriate contact with another staffer.
Kaldy was hired by Milpitas High in 1998 and was most recently its music director until they were placed on administrative leave on March 19, according to Milpitas Unified School District Superintendent Cheryl Jordan.
Jordan was not immediately available for comment about the new allegation.
“The district is disturbed by the allegations that have been made,” district spokesperson Shannon Carr said in an emailed statement Wednesday.
“We realize they raise a great deal of concern for our Milpitas families, and we can reassure you we are committed to keeping our students safe each and every day. The district is not taking this matter lightly,” Carr said.
They added the district cannot elaborate because of the active investigations and legal proceedings.
“The district will continue to monitor and cooperate with all ongoing legal proceedings,” they said.
Milpitas Police are seeking any potential witnesses or other victims who may have come in contact with Kaldy. If you have information regarding this incident or others, police ask that you call the department at 408-586-2400, or submit an anonymous crime tip at 408-586-2500 or ci.milpitas.ca.gov/crimetip.
Disney Junior's animated show "Doc McStuffins" aired an episode last week in which a family experiences an earthquake and learns how to plan for it in the future. The family just happens to be headed by two mothers: one black and one white.
Voiced by comedian Wanda Sykes and actor Portia de Rossi, Thea (Sykes) and Edie (de Rossi) are the latest same-sex couple to be featured on a children's television show.
In a video made by LGBTQ advocacy organization GLAAD, Wanda Sykes, who came out as a lesbian in 2011, said they were very happy to be a part of a television program that their own children watch.
"With this episode, [my kids] see a family that looks like our family," Sykes said. "We're two moms, and we have a boy and a girl -- two kids. It's going to be very exciting for them to see that -- to see our family represented."
Chris Née, the show's creator and executive producer, said the episode resonated with them personally as well.
"I always envision 'Doc McStuffins' as a show about what it means to accept everyone as part of our communities," they said. "As part of a two-mom family, I'm proud to have an episode that reflects my son's world and shows everyone that love is love in McStuffinsville."
Not everyone, however, was pleased with the show's "love is love" message. The conservative Christian group One Million Moms accused Disney of "pushing an agenda."
"Controversial topics and lifestyle choices should be left up to the parents to discuss and Disney Junior should not introduce this to young children," the organization stated on its website. "Just because an issue may be legal or because some are choosing a lifestyle doesn't make it morally correct."
Despite some backlash, many Disney fans took to Twitter to express their support for the episode.
This AM's episode of Doc Mcstuffins features a 2 mom family. the first time our daughter will see a family like theirs in a cartoon. — Amanda Deibert️‍ (@amandadeibert) August 5, 2017
@Disney it was really exciting and heart warming to see a family like mine on #DocMcStuffins ️‍ Thank you!!! pic.twitter.com/q74E4IGmLc — Maria Bosford (@Begrateful19) August 5, 2017
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
A trip to Taylor Creek makes for a fun introduction to Lake Tahoe for families with young children, but it's also an enjoyable place to spend a few hours no matter how much time you have spent at the lake. While Taylor Creek is best known as the place to view the Kokanee salmon run in the fall (and the bears and raccoons that come to the creek to enjoy a salmon dinner), the summer is a good time to head to Taylor Creek, as well. The creek is gushing with snowmelt and the hiking trails are warm and snow free — unlike many of the trails at higher elevation.
The creek is gushing with snowmelt and the hiking trails are warm and snow free.
The place to begin any trip to this area is the Taylor Creek Visitor Center. Here you will find rangers who are happy to answer questions about Lake Tahoe, as well as a variety of nature and historical books and maps of the Tahoe region. The visitor center also provides opportunities for children in July and August to spend time with naturalists, including the junior ranger program and “Kids in the Creek,” which gives children the chance to get up close with squiggly creatures, such as tadpoles and snakes that hang out at the water's edge.
Four trails fan out from the visitor center; all are nearly flat and easy.
Wild Tahoe Weekend!
June 24 & 25 | 10 a.m.-3:30 p.m.
Nature walks, wildlife talks & more | Taylor Creek Visitor Center
Rainbow Trail
This half-mile trail takes you on boardwalk and path along the banks of Taylor Creek. You will find panels along the route providing interesting tidbits on the creek and Lake Tahoe. The trail is also home to the Stream Profile Chamber where visitors walk underground to a wall of glass that allows them to see the mountain stream from the bottom to the top. Be sure and come back to the chamber in the fall to catch the salmon run when you will see thousands of the bright red fish up close in the chamber.
Lake of the Sky Trail
This half-mile walk to the lake's edge also brings you to Baldwin and Kiva beaches. Along the way, enjoy views of Taylor Marsh and Mount Tallac. Look for the cross of snow on the slopes of Tallac.
From the water's edge, you can walk just above the sandy beach on a three-quarter-mile trail past the remains of Lucky Baldwin's Tallac House and the Tallac Hotel. It also leads through the grounds of several historical homes, including Valhalla, which has been converted into a center for public events. Just a bit further is Camp Richardson Resort, where a host of amenities, including ice cream and the popular Beacon Bar and Grill, can be found. Return to the visitor center via the beach and Lake of the Sky Trail or a connector trail directly from the Tallac Historic Site to the visitor center.
Forest Tree Trail
This short trail focuses on providing information on Tahoe's most ubiquitous tree. Be sure to stick your nose right into the bark to experience the butterscotch or vanilla smell of a Jeffrey pine.
Smokey's Trail
This short trail is designed to impart a lesson in campfire safety to children. After walking the trail and seeing Smokey's instructions, kids can win a prize at the visitor center by successfully passing a campfire safety test.
In addition to the trails at Taylor Creek, a variety of evening programs are presented at the Lake of the Sky Amphitheater in July and August. This summer's highlights include John C. Fremont and Mark Twain performances, Winged Flight at night, beavers in Taylor Creek and local historian David Antonucci sharing fascinating facts about Lake Tahoe.
Taylor Creek Visitor Center is located 1 mile north of Camp Richardson off State Route 89 in South Lake Tahoe. Parking and entrance to the grounds is free. The visitor center and Tallac Historic sites are operated by a public/private partnership between the U.S. Forest Service and the Tahoe Heritage Foundation, which supports preservation, restoration and education projects in the Tahoe Basin.
For more information, visit fs.usda.gov/ltbmu or tahoeheritage.org.
ORLANDO, Fla. — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defense with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place – the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
“We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals,” U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing their first international match since they turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with their left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of their right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off their line, Pulisic used the outside of their right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with their right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for their eighth goal in 19 international appearances, their fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when they played the ball between their feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for their first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when they exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to their left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for their 41st international game.
Brought down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February. Wood added their 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
All U.S. players stood at attention during “The Star-Spangled Banner” and all but Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
PHILADELPHIA — Walter “Bunny” Sigler, a singer, songwriter and producer who helped create “The Sound of Philadelphia” in the 1970s, has died.
Their longtime attorney, Lloyd Zane Remick, said Sigler died of a heart attack Friday at their home outside Philadelphia. They were 76.
Sigler worked with Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff in developing a genre that blended soul, funk and big band styles, and cemented the city in the country's musical landscape with its lush horn ensembles and smooth vocals.
Gamble said Sigler was one of the most talented songwriters and producers they ever worked with, and “more importantly, they were like family to us.”
As a performer, Sigler was known for such hits as “Let the Good Times Roll & (Feel So Good).”
In a 2008 interview with National Public Radio, Gamble said he, Huff and Sigler also performed background vocals on some of their songs, including the chart-topping “If You Don't Know Me by Now,” recorded by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes.
Their career spanned decades and saw collaborations with acts as varied as Patti LaBelle and Jay-Z.
Sigler “spent their life using their talents to bring love and joy to others and for that we are all grateful!” LaBelle tweeted.
Remick said they worked right up to the end, posting songs and music videos on their YouTube channel as recently as August even as health issues kept them hospitalized for long stretches of time.
 They are survived by their wife, Martha, and two children.
Funeral arrangements were pending.
The new Netflix series On My Block brings a lot of the usual coming-of-age storylines to the screen — issues of angst, puberty, internal strife — but in the traditionally white space of young adult television, the cast cuts a unique path.
“The obvious thing that makes our show so different right now is we have four main characters of color, which isn't represented as much on TV,” Brett Gray, who plays Jamal on the series, told BuzzFeed News. “A coming-of-age story that you would normally see might just be the qualms of high school and the qualms of growing up and puberty and finding yourself, but on top of that we're minorities in an underprivileged neighborhood in an inner-city.”
On My Block follows Gray's Jamal, Cesar (Diego Tinoco), Ruby (Jason Genao), and Monse (Sierra Capri), as they navigate their first-year student year of high school in the fictional city of Freeridge, California. The show, which premiered March 16, was co-created by Eddie Gonzalez, Jeremy Haft, and Lauren Iungerich — who also created MTV's Awkward.
"The YA world is so white,” Iungerich told BuzzFeed News. “And just thinking about all the shows that are currently on a lot of channels and the iconic shows about teen years, including my own show Awkward, they're mostly through a white prism. Now, we're getting to see these kids from a different slice of life and we get to see representation of their experience, which is not a bleak and negative experience.”
The cast of On My Block is made up of black and Latino teen actors who portray storylines about a range of experiences, including family struggles, quinceañeras, gang violence, and young love. Iungerich said they were thrilled the show gives kids an opportunity to see themselves on TV in a way that other predominantly white TV shows haven't.
“I just think that it's time to see more inclusion in TV,” Iungerich said. “I love the YA space and really wanted to work with writers and co-create the show with someone from that world to be able to do justice to these kids who haven't had representation.”
Charli Stevens got way more than they bargained for when they headed to their local Kroger late last week.
Stevens says they and their 5-month-old son, Grayson, were in the store when a woman approached them and told the mom that their clothes were ill-fitting. Stevens told Today, “She looked at me and said, ‘I think your clothes are a little too small on you. I was completely shocked and so caught off guard that the only thing I could say was, ‘Excuse me?'”
The woman reportedly repeated herself, adding that they thought Stevens was “too big to be wearing this kind of clothes,” and “I'm not trying to be mean, but maybe you should reconsider your outfit before you leave your house.” The mom who recently just lost 50 lbs says they walked away in total shock.
But when they arrived home, they took to social media to get something off their chest. Thus the viral classy clapback was born.
With all that's going on in the world, body-shaming random women in grocery stores is not the energy we need to be spreading these days. Good for you, Charli.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Try not to get bogged down by trivia, either in your personal life or in your work. You have wasted a lot of time and energy in recent weeks on issues that are of no real significance. Now it is time to do something important.
fizkes/Shutterstock
What was the last thing you dreamed about? You might want to start keeping track. Believe it or not, your mind's unconscious wandering could say a lot about your personality.
According to a recent survey by Best Mattress Brand, certain traits can influence the content of your dreams, including who is in them and what they are about. Here are even more surprising things your dreams could reveal about you.
Over 1,000 Americans took the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator® (MBTI) personality test to determine their basic characteristics. (Not sure where you fall? You can take the Myers-Briggs test in minutes.) Afterward, the participants answered questions about their sleep and dream patterns. Then the researchers compared those responses to their Myers-Briggs personality traits.
The final results reveal a fascinating link between our personalities and dreams. For instance, introverts dream of their teeth falling out 14.2 percent more often than extroverts. Extroverts also remember dreams more often than introverts.
Overall, “Introverts were more likely to dream of being unable to influence the world around them and dreamed more often of punching without effect,” the researchers said. “Extroverts, however, dreamed of more active pursuits, such as traveling.” Dreaming aside, these are the hidden strengths of extroverts and the hidden strengths of introverts, too.
Another interesting finding: Individuals with the Feeling trait dream about partners cheating 12.6 percent more than those with the Thinking trait. Feelers were also more likely to talk in their sleep and have nightmares than Thinkers.
Intrigued? Check out the infographic below to determine how your personality type determines your dreams. Then, learn how your personality can be revealed through everything from your handwriting to your favorite ice cream flavor.
Courtesy Best Mattress Brand
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville. After they were identified, they said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," they said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," they said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. They said on Youtube they wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," they told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
1:34 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' A woman took to Twitter to document an unbelievably horrible date they were witnessing in a sushi restaurant. We at The Post enlisted top-notch voiceover actors and stock images to bring this hellish date to life.
1:02 This man lovingly cuddles their alligator and brushes its teeth Nobumitsu Murabayashi bought a baby alligator at a festival over 30 years ago, and they're still best friends. They take the gator for walks, brushes its teeth, and even tucks the reptile into bed at night.
1:19 Group drinks 'poison' in mass suicide attempt on Beijing subway A group of alleged fraud victims appear to attempt suicide by drinking poison on a crowded train in a shocking video. According to reports, none of the suicide attempts was successful, but it is the latest in a string of mass suicide attempts as a form of protest in China.
1:14 Trashiest ways to get drunk this New Year's Not that you need any help in this department, but here are some of the trashiest ways to get drunk this New Year's. Try boxed fireball whiskey, your favorite flavored Lime-A-Rita's, and if you don't want to drink at all, just chow down on some alcoholic whipped cream.
:25 Dude getting tossed around by an elliptical is the perfect New Year's inspiration This man's session on the elliptical looked more like a bull ride than a workout, but they are a few steps closer to their gym goals. They just might be the inspiration you need to get your own gym membership in 2017.
1:03 Cops shoot knife-wielding man after they charge them yelling 'Time to die' Disturbing footage has been released by Maryland police showing the moment an officer had to shoot a man armed with a knife who was yelling "Time to die." The police had been responding to a report of a disturbance, and while nobody was killed, the footage shows how quickly the situation escalated.
1:00 Crazy customer gets punched out of Steve Madden store When a Steve Madden store in Florida had to close its doors due to apparent technical difficulties, one angry customer couldn't understand and things escalated into a physical confrontation. Radio host and personality Andy Slater of 940 WINZ was nearby and caught the entire thing on camera.
:42 The breathtaking views from the world's highest bridge China's Yunnan and Guizho provinces are connected by the world's highest bridge. Sitting almost 2,000 feet in the sky, this newly opened structure really tests drivers' abilities to deal with dizzying heights.
:38 Thieves use a giant forklift to steal an ATM Security footage from a Texas credit union shows thieves using a giant forklift to make off with an entire ATM. They allegedly stole the forklift from a nearby construction site.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A former Marion County probation officer and their husband are facing criminal charges after allegedly falsifying information for the husband's probation case, prosecutors said.
Corinne Wratten was charged on Friday with six counts of forgery and a count of official misconduct. William Wratten was charged with four counts of forgery.
The prosecutor's office said in a statement, “Corinne Wratten was a probation officer for Marion County Probation from August 2002 until July 2017. According to the probable because affidavit filed in the case, while assigned to the Transfer Caseload section in 2016, Corinne Wratten failed to notify their supervisor of their husband's arrest.
“Shortly after William Wratten was sentenced to serve six months on non-reporting probation in October 2016, Corinne Wratten is accused of filing a memo in the court records stating that William had completed the terms of their probation. Corinne Wratten then documented in their husband's probation file that a transfer to Johnson County was approved, a transfer that had not been requested or approved.
Corrine also was accused for forging records showing their husband attended two court-ordered treatment programs, paid fines and completed the terms of their probation.
Them husband was charged for their knowledge of the alleged falsifying of the two documents indicating that they completed court ordered treatment, prosecutors said. They also are accused of being involved in the forgery of the probation discharge summary provided to the court in April.
The alleged forgery was discovered in February when another employee of the probation department noticed that a case had not been closed out correctly.
The Wrattens's initial hearings were scheduled 8:30 a.m. Wednesday in Marion Superior Court, Criminal Division 18, a prosecutor's office spokesperson said. Online court records indicated an order for a special judge was issued in both of their cases.
William was in the Marion County Jail on Monday night and Corinne was listed in online correctional records as having bonded out of the jail. Jail-booking photos for the Wrattens were not available from prosecutors, and Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department did not immediately respond late Monday afternoon to a request for their photos.
If you've ever watched the hood classic movie Belly, you know our girl Keisha. Hit the flip to see what actor/singer Taral Hicks is up to these days.
1 2 3 4 5Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It was the first decline in nearly seven years.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the Labor Department said Friday, the lowest level since February 2001.
Looking past the hurricanes' impact, the job market and economy generally look healthy. Job growth is likely to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry.
Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
Hourly workers who couldn't work and missed a paycheck were counted as not working, which lowered September's job totals. That's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed.
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households. That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms.
As a result, the drop in the jobless rate is a sign the job market improved outside hurricane-hit areas. The proportion of adults with jobs rose to 60.4 percent, the highest since January 2009.
Average hourly wages rose 2.9 percent from a year earlier, a solid gain. But the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas.
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas, the government says. That's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation's workforce.
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market.
On Wednesday, a survey of services firms — covering restaurants, construction companies, retail stores, banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005. That followed a survey of manufacturers, which found an equally strong gain. Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years.
There are signs that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy. Auto sales, which had been lackluster this year, jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago, according to Autodata Corp., as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms. That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production.
Harvey caused about $76 billion to $87 billion in economic losses, according to Moody's Analytics, an economic consulting firm. The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output. That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster, after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Irma will likely end up having caused $58 billion to $83 billion in economic losses, Moody's forecasts. Maria, which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, could cost $45 billion to $95 billion, though that is a preliminary estimate.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Snap's disappointing earnings report contrasted with strong figures from Facebook last month
On Friday, another one bit the dust. As Snap's shares plunged following disappointing results, it became clear that the myth that a feisty young challenger to Facebook could topple the social media giant from its perch was just that - a myth.
Of course, the company behind Snapchat is still a very impressive young business, building an audience of 173 million mostly young daily users in just five years and changing the way they communicate, in fun and inventive ways.
But its future as an independent company looks uncertain, with talk of it being swallowed up by Google or another web giant.
The deep pockets of Facebook, which bought Instagram and WhatsApp, and has relentlessly copied any challenger it couldn't buy, meant that Snap was always going to struggle to deliver on the vision of rapid growth it outlined when marketing its shares earlier this year.
And that just adds to the growing sense that the days of creative destruction in the technology industry may be over, and that we are looking at a world where the big winners of the past decade - Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple, or "Gafa" as this four-headed beast is sometimes described - will rule unchallenged.
Image copyright Instagram Image caption Instagram introduced its Snapchat-like Stories feature a year ago
In its young life, Facebook has constantly been seen as under threat - and indeed it has fostered that view whenever there has been talk of curbing its power.
Just as it had left Bebo, MySpace and Friends Reunited in the dust, the story went, it too could soon be heading for obsolescence as fickle users turned to the new, new thing.
But the truth is the social media war is over and Facebook is the winner.
A few smaller players such as LinkedIn and Twitter and, yes, Snapchat will have substantial audiences but struggle to make much money.
But, apart from in China, the company that is now worth nearly $500bn (£385bn) will continue to be the biggest force in the way we communicate for the foreseeable future.
The other members of the Gafa quadrumvirate also look secure in their dominance.
Google won the battle for search on the desktop long ago, and has now become equally powerful on the mobile internet.
Amazon is the undisputed champion of online retailing and logistics and has built a lead in cloud computing.
And while Apple has a relatively small share of the global smartphone market, it has gobbled up most of the industry's profits for the past seven years.
Now, key trends in technology mean the giants are poised to grow immeasurably richer.
As advertising spending is aimed increasingly at phones, Google and Facebook already have most of the mobile ad revenue.
But it is in the use of artificial intelligence that the technology giants aim to cement their technological lead.
I was told recently that an AI researcher emerging from a top US university can command a salary of $500,000 a year in a first job.
It is not start-ups paying that kind of money but Facebook and Amazon.
Of course. you can find lots of brilliant artificial intelligence researchers in the UK - but many of them now work for American companies, with start-ups such as DeepMind and Swiftkey snapped up by Google and Microsoft respectively.
So, should we worry about the huge and growing power of these businesses?
Unsurprisingly, the companies still insist that at any moment they could be disrupted out of existence by a smart new start-up.
But, so far, American competition regulators have also been pretty relaxed, because they tend to focus mainly on whether consumers are paying excessive prices because of a lack of competition.
With social media and search giants offering excellent services for nothing, they see few causes for concern right now.
In Europe, regulators tend to be somewhat more sceptical about whether companies with monopoly powers deliver for consumers in the long run.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mark Zuckerberg's social network is facing regulator scrutiny into its terms and conditions, but the investigation is at an early stage
That is why we have seen the EU take action against first Microsoft and now Google, where American regulators have mostly left them alone.
And while Europe's competition authorities insist that any action they take is based on law, not politics, there is undoubted concern among the continent's politicians about so much power over our lives being concentrated in the hands of a handful of companies based on America's West Coast.
So far, however, Facebook has been relatively untouched by this tougher regulatory approach, even if politicians complain about issues such as fake news and the presence of extremist content.
In the past year, we have seen it, arguably, play a key role in electing an American president, its global audience has risen above two billion, and it has now moved into video content, taking on YouTube and Netflix.
In an interview this weekend with the New York Times, the former Downing Street strategist turned Silicon Valley guru Steve Hilton said: "A lot of the foundational philosophical approaches of tech leaders are actually all about decentralisation of power."
Mark Zuckerberg may tell us that Facebook - where, incidentally, Mr Hilton's wife is now a senior executive - is all about giving power back to communities.
But increasingly it seems that wealth, influence and control of the key technology of our age, artificial intelligence, are being centralised at addresses in Menlo Park, Mountain View, Cupertino and Seattle.
Get ready to hear a lot more about comic book TV shows Superheroes are about to invade your newsfeed. The annual Comic-Con International kicks off Thursday in San Diego, bringing with it a slew of news about TV shows that have ties...
Get ready for 'Archie vs. Sharknado' Forget Batman vs. Superman — the people want Archie vs. SHARKNADO! Comic book fans will get to see an unexpected battle unfold in Riverdale, USA, this summer as everyone's favorite...
Archie's going to die taking bullet for gay best friend LOS ANGELES — Archie Andrews will die taking a bullet for their gay best friend. The famous freckle-faced comic book icon is meeting their demise in Wednesday's installment of “Life...
Comic book icon Archie to 'die heroically' Archie Andrews is headed for that big comic book convention in the sky — sort of. “Life With Archie” #36 hits shops on July 16, and tells how Archie — a plucky teenage...
Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh has taken a lot of heat from fashion critics across the country — including their wife — about their choice in pants for years. In a recent interview with WEEI's ‘Two Outs' podcast, Harbaugh's son James Harbaugh Jr., held back nothing about what their dad wore out of — and in — the house.
First, they addressed the khakis. (Transcript via Outsports:)
“They're hideous! Oh God! Here's what happens in the morning when I wake up: just like anybody, I wake up, stare at the ceiling for a minute, and then I look at my phone,” James told Two Outs. “I do the thing where you go through text messages and Snapchats –– whatever you want. And then I save Facebook for last, because I know every single day, when I scroll just a couple scrolls down, I'm going to see something stupid and ridiculous about my dad doing something crazy. I'm also scared to see what it's going to be. …
It gets worse though, for poor Jim Harbaugh, who just wants to live their life and be comfortable.
“I wish you guys could see. You see them on the field and doing interviews. But they come home, and it's full-on. He's still wearing them, sometimes. And then if they ever varies from it, it will be equally bad. He'll have on a full-on sweatsuit, and then their Crocs with socks. There's no better alternative. You almost want them to go back to the khakis.”
Unfortunately for James though, their dad vowed a long time ago to never stop wearing the khakis — even if the brand is a little more expensive than when it first became a popular topic.
Just had a nice chat w/ Jim Harbaugh about their khaki game. They upgraded to @lululemon pants and says, "I'll never wear anything else." Smart. pic.twitter.com/uDny4Ceqc8 — Jeff Darlington (@JeffDarlington) March 24, 2017
And they proved earlier this season that they will never take them off.
Luckily for Jim Harbaugh, they can continue to be in the club of every dad who embarrasses their kid with their general existence and fashion choices on a daily basis. And also luckily for him, their son spoke in the interview about how their dad reacted when they told them they are gay.
“It was an encouraging and uplifting response about how you just need to keep your head up. ‘As long as you do what you feel is right in your mind, you live your truth. Everything will end up being OK.'”
(Thanks to Outsports for bringing this to our attention)
Texans not interested in signing players who kneel: agents The Texans are becoming the face of the anti-kneeling portion of the NFL. The Houston Chronicle spoke to two agents who said the team would not consider signing players who...
Jerry Jones hired Harvey Weinstein's lawyer to bury Roger Goodell Jerry Jones really doesn't want Roger Goodell to be NFL commissioner anymore. Jones is threatening to sue the NFL and some pro-Goodell owners over the negotiations to extend the commissioner's...
Kaepernick's collusion case targets NFL owners, including Giants Some of the NFL's most powerful owners will be at the center of Colin Kaepernick's collusion case. The Cowboys' Jerry Jones, the Patriots' Robert Kraft and the Texans' Bob McNair...
Jerry Jones: Texans owner is victim in 'inmates' controversy Their team is rebelling against him, but Bob McNair can still bask in the support of their fellow billionaires. Jerry Jones passionately defended the Texans owner in the wake of...
Nearly entire Texans team protests after owner firestorm The Texans won't stand for their team's owner. Nearly the entire Houston team took a knee during the national anthem on Sunday in Seattle, a direct shot at Bob McNair...
Angry Texans are plotting something big for anthem Bob McNair's plea to calm the protests during the national anthem is about to majorly backfire. The Texans are planning to protest as a team in the wake of their...
Texans owner meets with players after 'inmates' backlash Texans owner Bob McNair met with players Saturday morning, one day after two players skipped practice and the entire team nearly boycotted because of their racially insensitive remarks. McNair, speaking...
'Sickened' Texans players revolt against owner after inmate remark The players whom Bob McNair employs were not happy about their comments at a recent NFL owners meeting. The Texans nearly staged a team-wide walkout Friday, a few hours after...
Owner's 'inmate' comment erupts into NFL infighting It might not be the best idea to make a racially insensitive analogy about a highly publicized meeting about racial inequality, but one NFL owner reportedly managed to do that....
Jiu-jitsu fighter Dimitri Salem's arm snapped at the ADCC West Coast trials from a kimura armlock after they refused to tap out.
Grappling star Ethan Crelinsten had Salem trapped in their second match of the tournament, and was expecting Salem to submit. But, instead of tapping the mat to admit defeat and break the hold, Salem refused to quit and instead suffered the sickening snap.
Crelinsten held their opponent in a hopeless position for a number of seconds with the referee right on top of the action to spot a submission. But nothing came from Salem, who eventually had their right limb broken.
Crelinsten was clearly distressed that their opponent had not submitted and avoided the horrid injury. Crelinsten trains at Montreal's Tristar gym, the home of UFC legend Georges St-Pierre. Most MMA fans who watched the footage online were quick to sympathize with Crelinsten as they were caught up in the incident.
One wrote: “The stuff nightmares are made of. That kid was beyond trapped, they should have been humble and tapped.”
Another said: “It was up to their opponent to tap, they had pleeeeenty of time, their exit was blocked by Ethan's leg they had not possible way out, flexibility is not a defense. What was they supposed to do, let go of a submission because an opponent would not tap? Not at this level of competition. This is the top level of grappling, there is no room for second-guessing your opponent. Simple, you apply the submission until your opponent taps and then you release instantly. Anyone who competes understands this.”
Supporters of a Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling that would lead to new congressional maps — likely to the benefit of Democrats — for the 2018 elections urged the US Supreme Court on Friday to stay out of the state court matter.
Republican lawmakers and some Republican voters have asked the US Supreme Court to take the unusual step of putting the state high court's order on hold, and Justice Samuel Alito asked parties in the case to respond to the stay request by Friday afternoon.
"Pennsylvania's Supreme Court has held that the 2011 map 'clearly, plainly and palpably' violates Pennsylvania's Constitution," lawyers for the League of Women Voters wrote in opposing the stay request on Friday. "It would be unprecedented for this Court to interfere with the state court's determination about its own state's law."
On Jan. 22, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued a brief ruling that the congressional map violated the state's constitution in a case brought by the League and others arguing that it was an unconstitutional "partisan" gerrymander. Under the map, only five of the state's 18 congressional districts are represented by Democrats — despite the fact that registered Democrats outnumber Republicans in the swing state. That ruling was 5-2.
One of the justices in the majority, however, would have delayed the implementation of the ruling due to the closely approaching time for candidates to file to run for Congress in the state and potential confusion that could result. On a later 4-3 vote, reflecting that view, the state court denied a request to stay its ruling.
Republican lawmakers, however, also asked the US Supreme Court to put the ruling on hold, arguing that the ruling violates a federal constitutional provision known as the Elections Clause. As they detailed in their request, "The Constitution's Elections Clause provides that '[t]he Times, Places and Manner' of congressional elections 'shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof' unless 'Congress' should 'make or alter such Regulations.'"
Normally, a state supreme court's ruling on state constitutional issues cannot be reviewed by the US Supreme Court. The Republican lawmakers — who are supported in their request by Republican voters in Pennsylvania and eight states and legislative leaders in a ninth state — argued that US Supreme Court can and should step in because, they claimed, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions went too far in light of the Elections Clause.
"This is not simply a question of a state supreme court interpreting its state constitution," the Republican lawmakers argued, "but a state supreme court usurping that state's legislature's authority expressly granted under [the Elections Clause." Specifically, the Republican lawmakers argued that the state high court justices were "legislat[ing] from the bench" in the ruling, that doing so violates the Elections Clause, and that "the question of what does and does not constitute a 'legislative function' under the Elections Clause is a question of federal, not state, law."
The lawmakers also relied heavily on a 2004 opinion from Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas disagreeing with the court's decision not to hear a case challenging a state court's ruling on a redistricting question. Referring to the three-justice dissent, the Pennsylvania lawmakers' lawyers wrote that "multiple Justices of this Court have previously suggested [this issue] is ripe and appropriate for resolution in this Court."
In Friday's responses, state executive branch officials urged the US Supreme Court to deny the stay request.
"[T]he Pennsylvania Supreme Court determined that partisan gerrymandering violates the state constitution, and ordered an appropriate remedy," lawyers for Democratic Gov. Thomas Wolf and other officials wrote. "That should be the end of this matter: This Court is not and should not be in the business of policing the correctness of state courts' interpretation of their own constitutions."
Even if the issue could be reviewed by the US Supreme Court, the Democratic executive branch officials argue that the Republican lawmakers' claim that the state high court improperly took on a legislative role is wrong. "The order below represents an ordinary exercise of the judicial review power, not a usurpation of legislative authority," they wrote.
The League of Women Voters' opposition to the stay request went further, arguing that the Republican lawmakers' would "have no chance of success on the merits" if the US Supreme Court were to hear the case.
"Their stay applications are just a ploy to preserve a congressional map that violates Pennsylvania's Constitution for one more election cycle," the League's lawyers argued.
Students peer review Eden Secondary School's production of Woody Allen's Don't Drink the Water.
Allen plays a show to remember
Roxana Moise
Governor Simcoe Secondary School
Dramatic police chases, a friendly priest-turned-magician and botched international spy exchanges — these may not seem like part of your average family vacation, but for the Hollanders, they're just another day in the life.
Comedy, emotion and unpredictability all came together to provide an uproarious night of entertainment at Eden High School's performance of Don't Drink the Water.
Woody Allen's first published play, Don't Drink the Water features a farcical cast of characters against the politically charged backdrop of the Cold War. In the American embassy of an unnamed country behind the Iron Curtain, the incompetent Axel Magee is given one last chance to handle business in the place of their father; however, their good intentions quickly go awry when a family of tourists on the run from the secret police burst in looking for asylum. Accused of being spies after cluelessly wandering into a top security area to snap some photos, the Hollander family causes chaos with their knack for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Eden's cast skilfully handled the play, showcasing their acting ability with a series of scenes that left the audience in stitches. The well-chosen comedic talent kept the characters relatable throughout the progressively more unrealistic situations they were thrown into. This allowed an arrestingly real picture of the rest of the world to be painted by the actors, expanding the story far beyond the walls of the room. Through Walter and Marion's squabbling about their lives and Father Drobney's narration, people and events that were never shown seemed as substantial as the physical scene before the audience's eyes.
Standout performances included Bailly Grigg and Jesse Klassen as Marion and Walter Hollander, an American couple with a penchant for arguing. The pair's natural comedic timing, supplemented with thick New Jersey accents, brought their characters to life through both their bickering and their more tender moments, however rare. Axel Magee's self-deprecating sense of humour, along with the well-meaning intents behind their sometimes disastrous actions, were also captured excellently by Carson Suggett's use of expression.
The scene was set entirely in the main room of the embassy, with details like the green- striped walls and the classic rotary phone on the desk transporting the drama back to the '60s. The passage of time was portrayed through subtle prop and costume changes, something that added an extra layer of realism to the lives of those stuck in the embassy. The timing of the lighting and sound effects were also commendable, from the well-executed flashing of a bomb to Axel's not-so-subtle attempts to spark a romance by lowering the lights in their office. The technical aspects as a whole were well-chosen and added polish to the piece.
The comedic prowess and chemistry of the cast, paired with the thoughtful directorial choices, had the audience laughing, cringing and gasping along with the characters.
At the end of the night, Eden's performance of Don't Drink the Water was an abundance of fun and ultimately a show to remember.
Don't Drink the Water a comedic whirlwind
Sam Langdon
Greater Fort Erie Secondary School
It's the 1960s in Europe. The Cold War rages. A family of American tourists are hiding out in an American embassy on the other side of the Iron Curtain, attempting to escape capture at the hands of the secret police.
While it may sound like the premise for a drama, or a thriller, or perhaps even a prequel to The Americans, Eden High School's production of Don't Drink the Water is anything but traditional.
The comedic play was penned by Woody Allen in 1966, and is brought to life on stage in a cosy theatre at Eden High School.
The small space was outfitted with a lovely set that perfectly captured the time period of the piece and was used well within the play to facilitate smooth character entrances and exits, and accommodate a number of chase sequences and other comedic bits of staging. As the play was written more than 50 years ago, some of the humour can feel a little bit dated, but much of it still rings true, and all is well presented in this production.
The energetic cast, under the direction of fellow student, Jenny Wubs, brings to life the play's quirky and vibrant characters. They carry the audience along through a series of increasingly more bizarre, hilarious and high-stakes situations. Standout performances were given by Jesse Klassen and Bailly Grigg for their roles as Walter and Marion Hollander, respectively. The duo were a comedic tour de force, their fantastic chemistry and back-and-forth banter put the audience in stitches whenever they took the stage.
Physical comedy was also used wonderfully throughout the production, particularly by Carson Suggett, as Axel Magee, the bumbling son of the ambassador and de facto leader of the embassy in their father's absence.
Both the cast and the crew alike are to be commended for their seamless execution of the play's numerous quick costume changes, and the immaculate co-ordination of the lighting and sound cues with the action taking place on stage. On the odd occasion something did go awry, the cast was always ready to step in, quickly and smoothly correcting any issues. Though the blackouts between scenes could feel a bit long at times, the cast's high energy and wild antics brought the audience quickly back into the story, the pause being relatively quickly forgotten.
Eden's Don't Drink the Water is a comedic whirlwind sure to keep audiences laughing from the moment of the Hollander's capture to right up to their escape.
Eden takes a hilarious trip with the Hollanders
Carolyn Holmes
Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School
We've all had our share of disastrous vacations, but if you think that yours were bad, meet the Hollanders.
They're your average American family with really bad luck and a lot of curiosity. The most important thing they learn: “Don't drink the water.”
Eden High School put on a hilarious performance of Don't Drink the Water, a political comedy and Woody Allen's first published play.
It takes place during the 1960s, in an American embassy behind the Iron Curtain, where trouble strikes after Ambassador Magee leaves their disaster-prone son Axel in charge of the embassy. Within minutes three American tourists, the Hollanders, come running in seeking refuge from the police for taking photos in a restricted zone. The story takes off from here, chock full of comedy, disaster and a bit of romance. In Don't Drink the Water, you never know what's going to come next.
This student-directed play (Jenny Wubs) was well-executed, and the cast was well-versed in its choreography and lines. The actors were in time with their cues, and well prepared to smooth over any mishaps. The dynamic duo of Marion Hollander (Bailly Grigg) and Walter Hollander (Jesse Klassen) amused the audience with their comical lines and facial expressions, while the dramatic actions of Axel Magee (Carson Suggett) and Susan Hollander (Diana Karapetyan) were pulled off without a hitch. Notable performances were put on by the chef (Rowan Hegi), as they were chased around the room carrying a hare, and Krojack (Braeden Miller), the agent charged with capturing the Hollanders.
The original music by Ethan Hanlin added another dimension to the play, and entertained viewers during costume changes. An especially memorable James Bond-esque composition fit nicely into the play.
Although all scenes took place in a single room, the set was well done and very detailed. It used all the space on the small stage well, and effectively utilized props. Additionally, the stage was well lit. The costumes were appropriate for the time period, and the hair of the actores was suited to the personality of each character. The costume changes, while occasionally lengthy, were frequent and helped to move the story along. The lighting and sound was prompt, with no time lapses.
This hilarious play, that had viewers in stitches, is well worth taking the time to see, so pack your bags, and take a trip with the Hollanders.
Ecuador Indians, activists not convinced by environmental referendum
By Daniela Brik
Quito, Feb 3 (EFE).- The indigenous community and environmentalists appear unconvinced by the referendum to be held Sunday in Ecuador because of their doubts about two of the questions that directly affect the lands they defend.
Though the government says it seeks to protect the protec the environment with these measures, Indians and activists say they would never have come to a vote without their decades of struggle against mining and oil drilling in areas that are home to native peoples and an enormous biodiversity.
“These questions have appeared because the communities never stopped organizing and today they are there by popular demand,” Francisco Hurtado of the Ecumenical Human Rights Commission (CEDHU), founded almost 40 years ago, told EFE.
If accepted, question No. 5 will lead to a constitutional amendment that will “prohibit metal mining, without exception, in all of its stages, in protected areas, intangible zones and urban centers.”
Approval of question No. 7 would “increase the intangible zone by at least 50,000 hectares and reduce the area of oil exploitation authorized by the National Assembly in the Yasuni National Park from 1,030 hectares (2,500 acres) to 300 hectares.”
Environment Minister Tarsicio Granizo described as a “historic landmark that two of the seven questions in the referendum refer to environmental matters,” which shows “the interest of the government and the president in environmental issues.”
But ecologists and Indians maintain that both are “confusing” and “misleading,” though on principle and for political discipline they will vote “Yes” on both.
“Of course it's significant that these questions are on the referendum, but unfortunately when we read the questions, we risk thinking that a ‘Yes' vote will solve the problem of mining in the Yasuni,” Hurtado said.
The main environmentalist organizations recently demonstrated to demand an end to mining, and that President Lenin Moreno keep their promise of not issuing more concessions, and to demand the dismissal of Mining Minister Javier Cordova, who resigned last Tuesday without saying why.
They said that contrary to the president's promise, some 70,000 hectares have been awarded in concessions and that 15 percent of national territory have been so awarded, something the protesters called a “mining feast.”
Constance White, the former editor-in-chief of Essence, is landing at Zink in the same role just as the cutting-edge indie fashion site plots a return to print this spring.
“You have to touch audiences in every area,” said White, “but the cost structures have to come down.”
“The whole structure of media is changing and we all have to adapt,” said White, who had earlier gigs at Elle, Talk, and eBay prior to their stormy two years at Essence — where they clashed with Time Inc. management over the magazine's direction.
Of their past clashes with Time Inc. brass during their two tumultuous years running the monthly, they said, “It's in the past. I don't think about it anymore. It is what it is.”
More recently, she's been consulting with Ozy.com, backed by Silicon Valley big wheels.
Zink is the rarity, an indie magazine, founded by Sheriff Ishak in 2002, that has remained independently owned and operated.
“It's about a lot more than fashion — it's about the constant emergence of art, culture and community all over the world, and how that manifests itself in the things we consume,” said Ishak.
The publication went digital only a year ago, but now is returning to quarterly frequency this year.
Its goal is to grow into six times a year publication next year. The return to print is expected in April.
Rachael Lewis is joining as president and CEO.
WASHINGTON - The United States will soon announce plans to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum from the European Union, possibly as early as Thursday, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
The decision would land ahead of a Friday deadline for exemptions to the planned metals tariffs amid stalled trade talks, and is likely to prompt retaliation. President Donald Trump on March 23 imposed a 25 percent tariff on steel imports and a 10 percent tariff on aluminum, but granted temporary exemptions to the EU, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Australia and Argentina.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
With reputation a top concern among companies in terms of maintaining and increasing market share, it may come as an unpleasant surprise to find that a large portion of consumers say that when companies develop corporate social responsibility (CSR) programs, they only do so to bolster their image. According to the recently released results of the Harris Poll Reputation Quotient, 40% of consumers say companies are primarily motivated by the publicity possibilities of their environmental and social initiatives and are not truly focused on the actual effectiveness of their efforts. And millennials seem to be the most suspicious of an organization's motives.
Companies now must be authentic when acting in a “socially responsible manner,” says Wendy Saloman, VP of reputation management and public affairs at The Harris Poll. “Fake it and consumers see right through your ulterior motives, risking negative marks against your corporate reputation.” Still, 45% of consumers still believe that companies develop CSR programs because they believe it is the right thing to do.
According to Harris Poll's research, employee treatment (39%), ethics (38%) and respectful treatment of customers (35%) are the most important corporate social responsibility issues, followed by providing affordable and accessible products and services (29%) and safety (28%).
Recent corporate reputation crises – including Samsung and Volkswagen – may have led consumers to see employee treatment, ethics, providing affordable products, and safety as top concerns. “Although the poll was conducted before United Airlines' passenger issue, respectful treatment of customers was already among the top social responsibility matters vital to consumers,” Saloman says. With this in mind, companies will want to closely watch how they show respect to customers, they suggest.
According to the poll, the top 10 social responsibility rankings are:
Wegmans
Publix Super Markets
Amazon.com
Tesla Motors
USAA
Lowe's
UPS
L.L. Bean
Walt Disney Company
Whole Foods Market
The 10 least responsible, according to the poll, are:
Monsanto
Wells Fargo & Co.
Goldman Sachs
Halliburton
Takata
BP
ExxonMobil
Volkswagen Group
Bank of America
AIG
It is difficult to really excel in CSR in the eyes of consumers, according to poll numbers. Only eight of the 100 companies measured achieved “excellent” CSR ratings this year; while this is the most ever in the 18 years Harris Poll has measured CSR as a major dimension of corporate reputation, it falls far from expectations. Last year, four companies received “excellent” social responsibility ratings; in 2010, zero companies. This year marks Publix Super Markets' third consecutive year with an “excellent” social responsibility rating and it is Wegmans' second time in the category. USAA has achieved “excellent” ratings three times overall, and it's the second consecutive year for USAA and Amazon. Companies making their “excellent” social responsibility rating debuts are Tesla, Lowe's, UPS and L.L. Bean.
Millennials are significantly more likely to proactively try to influence family and friends' perceptions about a company because of something they learned about how the company conducts itself, compared to baby boomers: 41% of millennials say they do this, compared to just 25% of baby boomers.
Sunday, May 27
100 block Orchard Oak Circle: An unknown suspect entered the house by prying open the rear sliding door. Once inside the suspect pried open several safes, unknown loss at this time.
1420 Hamilton Ave. at Almarida Dr: A 33-year-old, male suspect was contacted and a records check revealed an outstanding misdemeanor warrant, they were also determined to be under the influence of a controlled substance. They were arrested.
1520 00 blocks of W. Campbell Avenue: A 35-year-old male suspect was contacted on a suspicious circumstances call and was found to have an outstanding felony burglary warrant. They were also in possession of methamphetamine and paraphernalia. They were arrested.
1800 block S Bascom Ave: An unknown suspect stole a license plate.
At Winchester Boulevard and Latimer Avenue: A 38-year-old male was stopped for municipal code violations. They were found to have a $15,000 warrant for disturbing the peace. They were arrested.
In the 500 block W. Rincon Avenue: Officers located a blue Toyota Avalon stolen out of San Jose.
Saturday, May 26
Cypress at Arc: Officers observed an 18-year-old suspect spray painting the wall. When the suspect noticed their presence, they fled into a nearby encampment, where they were located and apprehended. They were fined.
1100 blocks of E. Campbell Avenue: A 36-year-old male suspect was reported as a possible trespasser and found to be in possession of drug paraphernalia and methamphetamine. They displayed obvious symptoms of stimulant use. They were arrested.
In the 500 block of Virginia Avenue: A 73-year-old male suspect was driving and struck a parked vehicle. Upon contact they displayed obvious symptoms of intoxication. They were arrested.
In the 200 block of E Campbell Ave: A 21-year-old suspect was reported as intoxicated, displayed obvious symptoms of intoxication and was unable to care for himself. They were arrested and taken to the sobering station.
Winchester at Budd: A 50-year-old female suspect was reported as a possible DUI driver. They were driving in excess of the speed limit and nearly struck the curb line several times. Suspect admitted to drinking and driving home and was arrested.
Ontario Lane at Erie Way: A 29-year-old male suspect created a disturbance on the street when being dropped off at home by two companions. They would not exit the car when asked to do so and was truculent with officers when given orders. They were on court probation and failed to comply with court orders while being intoxicated. The suspect was arrested and booked into jail.
Friday, May 25
700 Block Waldo Road: A suspect mouthed a curse word at victim during a school event for their kids. There is a served no-contact order. Suspect denied the allegation.
500 Block E. Hamilton Avenue: An unknown suspect gained entry to a victim's vehicle via unknown means and stole electronics and a wallet.
3300 Block S. Winchester Boulevard: A suspect wearing a red sweatshirt, jeans and tan shoes, and an un-described second suspect were seen gaining entry into four unlocked vehicles and stealing registration documents along with miscellaneous personal items.
400 Block E. Campbell Avene: A 48-year-old male suspect was reported to be passed out in the parking lot. Upon contact, they were determined to be too intoxicated to care for themselves and had an outstanding misdemeanor warrant for their arrest. They were arrested.
Creekside Way at Campisi Way: A victim parked their van on the street two weeks ago and when they returned someone scratched the paint and damaged the windows, possibly with a BB gun.
2300 Block S Winchester Boulevard: A 25-year-old male suspect was contacted after causing a disturbance. Upon contact, they displayed symptoms of alcohol intoxication and was unable to care for their safety. They were arrested.
At California and Catalpa: A 22-year-old male suspect was reported as a suspicious male walking in the roadway. They were contacted and displayed obvious symptoms of a central nervous system stimulant. They were arrested.
200 Block E Campbell: 25-year-old male suspect was involved in an altercation. Security was attempting to break up a fight between a group of females when the male suspect challenged the victim to a fight. The suspect displayed a folding knife and threatened to stab the victim. The suspect later admitted to PD that they threatened the victim with their knife but did not remember where the knife ended up. Suspect was arrested based on the victim's desire for prosecution. Suspect was arrested.
900 Block W Hamilton Ave: A victim's 2016 white Nissan Altima was taken from their marked parking stall. The spare key is missing from their collection of keys.
Police say a bomb strapped to the body of this man detonated at a New York subway station Monday. (NBC News)
Police said Akayed Ullah, 27, was arrested after a pipe bomb they were carrying detonated at a New York subway corridor. (CNN)
By COLLEEN LONG
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) -- A man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a crude pipe bomb strapped to their body Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and sending New York commuters fleeing in terror through the smoky passageway.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passage when the bomb went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering to get away. Investigators said it was not clear if they set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals."
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone. Gov. Andrew Cuomo later told the NY1 cable channel that the suspect went online to learn how to make a bomb.
"We have no evidence at this time that there were any secondary devices or it was part of a larger plan," Cuomo said.
Ullah, who lives in Brooklyn, came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago and had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission. They were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed, police said.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah arrived in the United States on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, and that they made the bomb in their home.
The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching Ullah's apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show their movements in the moments before the attack.
Ullah lived with their father, mother and brother in a residential area of Brooklyn with a large Bangladeshi community, neighbors said. The home was just off a shopping strip - a red two-story brick building.
Alan Butrico owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
"It's very weird," they said. "You never know who your neighbors are."
The Bangladesh Embassy in Washington condemned the attack. The deputy chief of mission, Mahbub Hassan Saleh, said the embassy had not received any information from authorities about the suspect's identity.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
It's the city's busiest subway station and a major transit hub, with 64 million subway riders passing through every year. In 2016, daily ridership on the subway was 5.7 million, a record high.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the "Crossroads of the World." But streets quickly began returning to normal, and traffic around the area was expected to be operational by the evening rush.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from their jacket to their pants and the device strapped to their torso under their coat. They said they were reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed theirs hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind their back. Another photo shown on NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," they said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, who is from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said they watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
"Let's go back to work," they said. ""We're not going to allow them to disrupt us."
___
Associated Press writers Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong and Larry Neumeister in New York, Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles, Matt Pennington in Washington, D.C., and researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Colleen Long on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/ctlong1 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Jeff Greene, a billionaire real estate mogul, says they know what will upend a stock market rally that's entering its ninth year: Higher interest rates and fiscal policy.
“The inaction of anything in Washington, when there was virtually no fiscal policy—nothing getting done—meant that the only game in town was the [Federal Reserve],” Greene told CNBC during a Monday interview. They said the Fed's policy has translated into at- or near-zero-interest rate policies and $4.5 trillion on its balance sheet over the last seven or eight years. “That unleashes jungle animal spirits,” they said.
Greene, who has said they live two doors down from President Donald Trump's residence in Palm Beach, Fla., and is a member of the president's resort at Mar-a-Lago, said higher rates and fiscal-policy promises by the GOP leader threaten to undo the market's bullish advance.
A Democrat who boasts a net worth of $3.4 billion, according to Forbes, Greene implied that low rates have been more stimulative than tax cuts could ever be to market participants. The 10-year Treasury note yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.99% which was at 5.027% a decade ago, was most recently trading around 2.230%, and holding lower despite a Fed that has said it plans on normalizing monetary policy.
The bull stock market, which celebrated its eighth anniversary March 9, has been supported in part by those low yields. The value of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.75% and the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.72% has roughly tripled over the eight-year-plus period.
“As an investor…I look and I think, OK, if somebody said to me, ‘What would you like? Would you like your tax rate cut from 39 to 32 percent or would you like to be able to borrow, instead of 6 percent, borrow at 2 ½ percent?' Guess which one most people would choose,” they said.
“So, I think we've been in a period of insane animal spirits. You know, in a way because Washington [D.C.] hasn't gotten anything done. So now they're saying they're going to get things done and I think that could really slow the economy down ‘cause that could cause interest rates to go up.”
Wall Street, for the most part, has reacted sanguinely to the prospect of a fiscal-policy jolt.
President Trump has promised a raft of presumably Wall Street-friendly initiatives, including tax cuts, an increase in infrastructure spending and deregulation. Those pledges have lifted markets to records, but since March 1, when equity benchmarks last touched a fresh round of all-time highs, momentum has faded. Trump has faced headwinds implementing portions of their legislative agenda, including reforms to health care, that are expected to delay their pro-growth plans.
Greene's assessment is that economic growth is lackluster and that tepid economic expansion doesn't justify a higher interest-rate environment.
“So, I don't see where we're going to get this growth that's going to cause rates to go up. I think rates are going to move very slowly.”
Check out the full Greene interview below:
Despite protests across the country over the weekend demanding the release of President Donald Trump's tax returns, the White House is still citing an ongoing audit to explain why the documents can't be made public.
"It's the same thing that was discussed during the campaign: The president is under audit," White House Press Secretary Spicer said Monday when asked if Trump would release their 2016 returns. The IRS deadline for Americans to file is Tuesday.
Spicer didn't comment on whether Trump would authorize the IRS to confirm that he's under audit, and what years that audit pertains to.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House on 2016 Tax Returns: Trump Still Under Audit 1:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
As far as Trump's 2016 returns, they will be audited. Presidents and vice presidents are automatically audited, according to an IRS rule.
The IRS said last year that an audit does not prevent individuals from releasing their returns.
Trump broke with decades of precedent when they declined to release their returns as a candidate for the Oval Office. Then, their campaign cited ongoing audits of their taxes from 2009 to 2015 and they even quietly released a letter last March from Trump's lawyers to bolstering the audit claim.
"We'll have to get back to you on that," Spicer told a reporter Monday who asked if the time had come to say that Trump would never release their returns.
The lingering tax return questions are just one of the transparency conflicts facing the administration.
On Friday, the White House said it would not release visitor logs — a departure from the Obama administration's policy of releasing over 6 million names. Spicer attacked the prior administration for "faux" transparency, noting that the White House redacted some names as it saw fit before the documents were made public.
The Trump White House also had privacy concerns, Spicer said Monday, a key reason for the discontinuation of the voluntary visitor log release.
Spicer said the administration has been "fairly transparent" with press and public regarding the president's business meetings and schedule. However, White House aides have not provided reporters with names of President Trump's golf partners — a game they plays often and often conducts business during.
How the Alakijas shook UK with N2b wedding
Information Nigeria
It was a breathtaking wedding party, as Folarin, son of Chief Folorunso Alakija, got married to their Iranian beauty, Nazanin Jafarian Ghaissarifar, in a lavish ceremony estimated to have cost around five million pounds; about N2billion. The wedding held …
and more »
BOSTON — Of the countless inspirational stories that rise from the Boston Marathon, the story of Jose Sanchez may make the short list.
The Texan Marine was injured while serving in Afganistan in 2011.
CBS Boston reports that for years, as a recovering amputee following the accident, Sanchez said they kept to themselves and was antisocial.
It took five years for Sanchez to even open and acknowledge a gift they received from fellow troops after the accident. It was a large, signed Amercian flag along with notes and stories of inspiration.
Seeing that flag changed Sanchez's outlook.
“Instead of putting it away, I wanted to fly this flag again in their honor,” Sanchez told the TV station. “It's for others to be inspired, to be motivated. I don't do it for myself. We live for others — I've learned that throughout being angry, and frustrated, and with all that PTSD. I'm channeling it to be positive and to give back to whatever I have taken away from the community.”
Sanchez ran for the Semper Fi Fund, finishing the marathon in 5:46:13.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) While the Seattle Seahawks started pulling starters late in the game to prepare for the playoffs next week, the focus for the San Francisco 49ers is already onto next season.
The Seahawks wrapped up a fifth-straight 10-win season by beating the 49ers 25-23 but missed a chance at a first-round bye when Atlanta won its game on Sunday.
With the Falcons leading big late, Seattle coach Pete Carroll pulled quarterback Russell Wilson and other key starters to make sure they are healthy and rested for the playoff opener next weekend.
”I didn't know the situation with the Atlanta thing,” Wilson said. ”I guess they took us all out once we figured out they won or were winning by a lot. I don't think it's a bad decision.
NFC West champion Seattle (10-5-1) will be the third seed and open the playoffs at home next weekend against the loser of Sunday night's game between Detroit and Seattle.
The 49ers (2-14) announced after the game that coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke had both been fired after the team matched the franchise record for losses in a season previously reached in 1978, `79 and 2004.
”When we lose like we did and have a season like we had, changes are made or can be made,” receiver Torrey Smith said. ”That's from coaches to players. It's all of us. We were all a part of the problem. That's why our record is what it was.”
Here are some other takeaways from the game:
BOYKIN STEPS UP: With Wilson out, the Seahawks turned the game over to Trevone Boykin. The backup responded by converting a pair of third downs with Seattle protecting a two-point lead to help run out the clock.
”Trevone was able to get in there and do so well,” Wilson said. ”That's an exciting thing for our football team. That was great.”
KAP'S FUTURE: Colin Kaepernick went 17 for 22 for 215 yards and a TD in a solid performance that could be their last with San Francisco. Kaepernick can opt out of their contract this offseason and become a free agent .
”There will be a lot of things that play into that and I'll have to really think about those things as this offseason approaches,” they said.
JUMP BALL: The Seahawks offense was struggling a bit before turning it around with two deep passes late in the second quarter. Doug Baldwin made a leaping grab of the first for a 41-yard gain that got the drive started. Jimmy Graham then boxed out safety Antoine Bethea at the goal line for a 42-yard grab that set up Thomas Rawls' 1-yard run that gave Seattle the lead for good at 19-14.
”We have a 7-foot-2 tight end that can jump out the roof so you want to give them a chance,” Wilson said. ”Obviously it was a scramble. They went deep and made a great, great catch and boxed out the guy.”
QUICK CHANGE: The 49ers became the first team in nearly four decades to fire coaches in successive years after just one-year tenures. The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year. The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the following season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty that featured five Super Bowl titles.
”You want to build that camaraderie, know who you're going to work with every single day,” linebacker NaVorro Bowman said. ”To be going with so many in such a short time is tough. You have to be a professional and understand that's part of this lifestyle.”
ROOKIE RUNNER: With starter Thomas Rawls trying to play through injuries, the Seahawks need some more help at running back. Rookie Alex Collins, who ran for just 70 yards the first 15 weeks, made a case for that role with seven carries for 55 yards.
”I come into the game with the mindset of whatever they want me to do, I'll do it,” they said. ”Whether it be one, 10, 15 or 20 (carries), I'm just going to do it to the best of my ability.”
—
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
There's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where fa…
A Brooklyn man imprisoned on a murder rap for over 25 years had their conviction overturned Wednesday because their defense attorney quit their case and switched sides to become a...
A big problem with trying to ride the coattails of investment gurus like Warren Buffett is that the stocks they buy often have risen a lot by the time they get around to telling us about it.
Gee, thanks, gurus.
That's because pros like Buffett have 45 days after the close of a quarter to report holdings.
But at least when it comes to Sirius XM SIRI, +3.06% a new Buffett position announced Feb. 14, I have a little trick that lets us one-up Buffett, and get a much better price than they paid for the satellite-radio operator, which hosts shows by Howard Stern and Martha Stewart, among many others.
Getting a better deal than the notoriously frugal Buffett, now that's no easy task. But below I'll explain why you can do this.
Before we get into the complexity of how this works, here's the bottom line. You can effectively buy Sirius XM for $3.64 a share even though it recently traded at around $4.85, and Buffett probably bought at $4.10 to $4.25, since it traded there or higher for most of the fourth quarter.
You can do this by buying Liberty Sirius XM Group LSXMA, +2.67%
OK, grab a coffee ... now for the complexity.
Three-dimensional chess
One reason a lot of investors don't know about this trick is that it requires entering the complicated world of Liberty Media's John Malone, which is a little like playing three-dimensional chess with Deep Blue on no sleep.
Malone is notorious for complex financial-engineering strategies to realize value for themselves and shareholders. These maneuvers are at the core of how you can get Sirius XM on the cheap, so they're worth understanding.
The other reason investors don't know about how to get a much better deal on Sirius XM than Buffett is that they don't follow the work of FBN Securities analyst Robert Routh, who's been watching Malone like a hawk for decades. Over the years, Routh has directed me to many great media sector stock purchases. They've included several discounted Malone tracking stocks that went on to vastly beat the S&P 500 SPX, -0.03% as the discounts closed. Routh recently drew my attention to the Sirius XM discount.
Here's how it works.
Liberty Media's Sirius XM stake
The first thing you need to know is that Malone's company, Liberty Media , owns 67.1% of Sirius XM stock. That's 3.16 billion shares. Malone's Liberty Media doesn't have a ticker. But as Malone is wont to do, he's set up tracking stocks that have a claim on the economic value of various Liberty Media businesses — like its stake in Sirius XM, the Atlanta Braves and Formula One, the race-car business.
Even if you love the Braves or Formula One racing, just forget about them for the moment so we can focus on Sirius XM.
Here, Malone has created three tracking stocks that all have a full claim on the economic value of the Sirius XM stake inside their Liberty Media. They are: the Liberty Sirius XM Group tracker I mentioned above, whose ticker is LSXMA, Liberty Sirius XM Group LSXMB, +0.00% and Liberty Sirius XM Group LSXMK, +2.58%
The main differences have to do with voting rights and liquidity. LSXMK has no voting rights and lots of liquidity. LSXMB has a lot of voting rights but little liquidity. LSXMA is in the middle. It has some voting rights and good liquidity. So I am going to focus on this tracking stock as the one to buy. They all trade for roughly the same price — let's call it $35.90 — as a blended average of the three.
Now for the math
These three Liberty Sirius XM tracking stocks collectively have 348.47 million shares. At $35.90 a share, that works out to a market value of $12.51 billion. From this number you have to subtract the value of Liberty Sirius XM net cash, some options it has in its own stock, and the present value of future Sirius XM dividends that Liberty collects. All of this works out to about $1 billion, according to Routh.
That leaves an equity value of $11.51 billion for Liberty Sirius XM tracking stocks.
Simple math shows us that since Liberty Sirius XM owns 3.16 billion shares of Sirius XM, when you buy Liberty Sirius XM, or LSXMA, you're getting Sirius XM the satellite-radio company at $3.64 a share ($11.51 billion divided by 3.16 billion).
This discount might not ever close in full. But a lot of it will close, especially if Malone takes action to make this happen, bringing you decent gains in the process. But the discount could close in full if Liberty Media ever sold its Sirius XM to a bidder, or spun it off, for example.
A different take
If you are a glutton for punishment, here is another way to look at this. If not, just skip down to the section on why you should consider owning Sirius XM in the first place.
Because Liberty Media owns 3.16 billion shares of Sirius XM, with Sirius XM at $4.85 a share, the value of Liberty Sirius XM's stake in Sirius XM is $15.33 billion. Since the three Liberty Media tracking stocks collectively have 348.47 million shares, that means the per-share value of Liberty Media's stake in Sirius XM is $44 a share.
The Liberty Sirius XM tracking stocks also contain about $1 a share worth of cash and Liberty Media tracking stock options, and another $1.76 a share worth of expected Sirius XM dividends (the value of 10 years' worth of Sirius XM dividends discounted back to the present, according to Routh's calculations). Subtract $250 million in debt from all of that, and you get a value of $46.11 per share for the tracking stocks.
But the three tracking stocks trade for an average of around $35.90. This gives us a discount of $10.21, or 22%.
Closing the gap
You might not ever get all of that discount back in profits if you buy LSXMA, LSXMB or LSXMK, the tracking stocks. Tracking stocks can tighten discounts up to about an 8%-10% discount, but typically not much more, says Routh.
This tells us the Liberty tracking stocks holding Sirius XM could rise to $42 on the basis of a closed discount, alone. That suggests a current discount of $6.10 on Liberty Sirius XM tracking stocks. If that closes, you gain 17% from here. Not bad.
“Some discount will always be there, but the size of the current discount is unreasonable,” says Routh. “The market is putting a bigger discount on this than any rational person ever would.”
What's causing this big discount? One factor might be the fear that Malone might do something dumb like overpay for Pandora Media P, -0.59% But Routh doesn't think that will happen. Another problem could be that Malone has been unable to do Liberty Media tracking stock buybacks to close the gap. This is because deals like the purchase of Formula One, and earnings reporting dates for the various companies involved here, have blocked management from being active in the stock. These restraints will soon fall away.
But is Sirius XM worth it?
Of course, getting a discount on Sirius XM doesn't mean much if the stock isn't worth having exposure to in the first place. Is it?
Buffett obviously thinks so. But he's not alone.
Sirius XM has been posting overall revenue growth of around 10% for the past three years. Subscriber revenue grew 9.7% last year compared to 7.6% and 8.2% in 2015 and 2014. This is the core of the business, representing about 84% of overall revenue. (The rest comes from other sources like equipment sales and advertising.) This growth is bound to slow a little as Sirius XM gets bigger.
But decent growth may nevertheless continue for the following reasons.
• Content is key, of course, and Sirius XM does a good job here. Subscribers like original content such as Howard Stern, Martha Stewart, a Playboy channel, live sports and concerts, and music channels curated to appeal to specific tastes. For hardcore music fans, discovering new artists can be a draw. Sirius XM, for example, was early to find and give air time to now-popular acts like The Chainsmokers in electronic dance music, Sturgill Simpson and Maren Morris in country, and the British singer-songwriter Rag 'n' Bone Man.
• Sirius XM has room to grow in the car market. Its radios are currently installed in just under half the cars on the road. But since Sirius XM radios are in about 75% of new cars, that overall percentage will move higher than old cars go to the junkyards. In 10 years, Sirius XM radios could be in about 190 million vehicles, compared to around 94 million today.
• Sirius XM already has rich profit margins and cash flow, a quality that no doubt attracted Buffett. But since costs are fairly fixed, margins and cash flow should continue to grow as revenue grows.
• Sirius XM is developing a system to allow two-way communications with users, as opposed to merely pushing out content. This system, called 360L, could open up whole new worlds for the company. Users will be able to call up content on demand, and time shift live shows. Sirius XM will be better able to market to customers, and upgrade the user interface on radios. The first vehicles with 360L will roll off the assembly line in early 2018.
• Sirius XM currently runs two satellite systems, because it is the product of a merger of two satellite radio companies many years ago. In time, Sirius XM could shut down one of the systems and sell off the radio spectrum. Estimates vary, but that could bring in several billion dollars.
• Sirius XM has $4 billion losses it can carry forward to shield earnings from taxes.
In short, there's a lot to like about Sirius XM, but especially so if you can get it for a better price than what Buffett paid.
At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush suggested SIRI in January,2011 at $1.70 in their stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and they attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program.
In a post on their site Thurrott, tech journalist Paul Thurrott described the memo. Written by Microsoft vice president Panos Panay, it reaffirmed that all current Surface devices enjoy low failure rates and high customer satisfaction. However, two devices released concurrently in 2015, the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book, had significant return rates soon after they launched (as seen in the graph below). Irate consumers complaining about these products from this time frame might have been disproportionately represented in Consumer Reports' survey data, Panay suggested.
Why the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book had such high "failure" rates is a story unto itself: Competing narratives from inside sources blame either Intel's then-new Skylake generation of chips that Microsoft loaded into those devices, or that the tech company just flubbed when creating custom drivers and settings for its hybrid devices, Thurrott recalled.
Commitments to improve later devices paid off, Panay continued in the memo, which is reflected in the lower return rates for more recent Surface devices. Across the whole product family, Surfaces currently have less than one percent of "incidents per unit." Panay also took issue with what Consumer Reports' considers a 'failure:' Frozen screens or unresponsive touch are minor incidents that the user can easily fix.
Whether they should have to or not apparently didn't reflect the other metric Panay brought up: That Surface products beat competing devices with consistently-higher Net Promoter Scores (NPS), a version of customer satisfaction measuring whether consumers would recommend others buy the same model. But that isn't the same as reliability, which is what Consumer Reports was originally surveying, Thurrott points out.
We've reached out to Microsoft to confirm the existence of this memo as it's described and will report when we hear back. But Thurrott has a good history of uncovering information ahead of time, like when they revealed that Microsoft's Hololens wouldn't be released ahead of 2019.
Indie Pereira, left, and their wife Pari Bhatt, right, at their home in Nashville, Tenn., Thursday, June 28, 2018. The couple attends St. Philip's Episcopal Church, butÊopted forÊa civil ceremony because their bishop will not permit clergy within theirÊdiocese to marry same-sex couples.
Andrew Nelles / The Tennessean
NASHVILLE — Indie Pereira and their wife Pari Bhatt still want a church wedding.
The Nashville couple regularly attends St. Philip's Episcopal Church, but opted for a civil ceremony in the living room of the city's former mayor because their bishop will not permit same-sex couples to have the religious ceremonies in the church.
Pereira and Bhatt live and worship within the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee, which is one of only eight dioceses in the country where such a ban exists. Their struggle is illustrative of how views on marriage continue to threaten the unity of the denomination.
The other dioceses that ban same-sex marriage ceremonies in the church are Albany, New York; Central Florida; Dallas; Florida; North Dakota; Springfield, Illinois; and the Virgin Islands, according to a report from the church's Task Force on the Study of Marriage.
July 3: Church 'detains' Jesus, Mary, Joseph to protest Trump's immigration policy
June 19: 600 United Methodists file complaint against Sessions for child abuse, discrimination
"It amazes me that I could literally go to any other dioceses that touches us and get married," said Pereira.
But that could change soon.
Same-sex marriage rules could change
Episcopalians will consider altering rules related to weddings for same-sex couples when they gather this month in Texas for the denomination's triennial meeting. The legislative session of their General Convention begins Thursday and runs through July 13 at the Austin Convention Center.
Two resolutions before this year's General Convention could make weddings like the one Pereira and Bhatt want a reality.
One resolution, authored by the denomination's Task Force on the Study of Marriage, would require that bishops make the religious marriage ceremonies available to all couples. And, it proposes changes to the Episcopal Church's Book of Common Prayer, including stripping out the gender specific language as it relates to marriage.
May 22: Bishop Michael Curry on preaching at the royal wedding and getting ribbed on 'SNL'
May 19: Royal wedding 2018: Black bishop makes history, mentions slavery in American-style sermon
Three bishops put forward the second resolution. This one would give couples access to the religious wedding, too. But it would require bishops who object to have another willing bishop step in and authorize it. This resolution would not try to change the prayer book.
"My hope is that what they are able to do at the General Convention is to open this up to those of us who have been left out without making anyone feel like they have to participate in something that they're not ready for," Pereira said recently as they sat next to their wife in their home.
The current patchwork of rules started in 2015 when the General Convention opened the door for same-sex weddings by approving trial-use liturgies for marriage. But they left it up to each bishop to decide whether they could be used within their geographic regions.
Tennessee bishop stands firmly behind their decision
Ninety-three bishops authorized same-sex weddings, according to the report by the Task Force on the Study of Marriage. All but 20 of those bishops did so without conditions.
Bishop John Bauerschmidt, who oversees the Middle Tennessee region of the church, stands firmly by their decision not to authorize their use, nor allow clergy within their diocese to officiate the religious ceremonies or permit the weddings on church property.
In doing so, the bishop says they are being faithful to their job of guarding the discipline, faith and unity of the church.
April 2017: Black female Episcopal bishop of Indy diocese breaks stained glass ceiling
January 2016: Anglicans suspend Episcopal Church over stance on same-sex marriage
July 2015: Episcopalians vote to allow gay marriage in churches
"The teaching that Christian marriage is between a man and a woman is reasonable, traditional, and scriptural," Bauerschmidt said in an email. "There really is nothing remarkable about a Christian bishop who holds to this teaching."
While Bishops can place limitations on the use of the marriage liturgies, they must refer couples to a willing diocese if they do not authorize them. Bauerschmidt chose the Diocese of Kentucky.
Pereira and Bhatt became engaged June 26, 2015, the day the U.S. Supreme Court declared that same-sex couples could legally marry across the country. The landmark decision came just days before the General Convention approved the trial-use liturgies for marriage, and Bauerschmidt issued their decision that November.
The couple did not want to marry in Kentucky.
Bhatt is originally from India, and the need for the legal protections civil marriage offers forced the issue. Megan Barry, who was Nashville mayor at the time, married the couple on Jan. 3, 2016, in their living room.
"It clouded the day because it felt like we had to do it at a place that we didn't want to do it," Pereira said. "We needed those protections while we were waiting for the church to come around."
While some members of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee disagree with Bauerschmidt's prohibition, some church members support it.
Langley Granbery, who is a member of an Episcopal Church in Nashville, agrees with Bauerschmidt because they believe the bishop's viewpoint matches what scripture says as well as the church's historic position on marriage.
"I'm very thankful that he's taken the stance on upholding traditional marriage," said Granbery.
They worry the denomination could eventually shift far astray of its past position on marriage. This year, they hope the General Convention will not overrule bishops such as Bauerschmidt nor change what the book of prayer says about marriage.
Granbery is concerned that eventually there may no longer be space in the Episcopal Church for conservative positions like his.
The future is unknown
Bauerschmidt has tried to emphasize unity in the face of the division within the diocese, but the ban has strained relationships for those on both sides of the issue.
In January, church members voted nearly unanimously during their diocesan meeting to send an official message to the General Convention, asking the bishops and deputies to "take in account the exclusion, competing convictions, and loss of community experienced by members of this diocese" because of the 2015 policy change.
That step was driven in part by the work of All Sacraments for All People, a local grassroots group formed in response to the bishop's ban. The organization wants everyone to be able to belong to a congregation that allows them to receive all the sacraments, including marriage.
Connally Davies Penley, who is a part of the group, does not know what to expect from the General Convention, but is hopeful.
Davies Penley wants the resolution that does not require a bishop's permission passed.
They have been in touch with church members in some of the other seven dioceses where the use of the marriage liturgies is banned.
Members in the Episcopal Diocese of Dallas put together a similar campaign. The national group, Integrity USA, also continues to push for LGBTQ inclusion in the church and hopes the General Convention will make it so couples can marry in the church regardless of where they live in the U.S., said Bruce Garner, president of Integrity.
The Rev. Susan Russell, of California, who served on the Task Force on the Study of Marriage, said the bishops' resolution is well intentioned, but would enshrine a separate and inherently unequal status for LGBTQ church members.
"We can do better," Russell said in an email.
Resolutions can change as they make their way through the General Convention process. So it remains to be seen what will happen in Texas.
Follow Holly Meyer on Twitter: @HollyAMeyer
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The International Union for Conservation of Nature classifies Emperor penguins as “near-threatened” rather than “endangered,” meaning the species faces the threat of extinction in the near future rather than imminently. Conservationists fear their numbers could continue to decline because of rising global temperatures, with one 2014 study published in the journal Nature Climate Change indicating that the total population of Emperor penguins could fall by 19 percent by 2100.
The new monitoring system, described in a paper published May 2 in the Journal of Applied Physics, uses weather data and time-lapse photography to produce a steady stream of information about the penguins' foraging behavior. Its heart is an inexpensive time-lapse camera mounted on the ice about 100 feet from a colony. The camera snaps a photo of the colony every minute of the day, and the images are entered into a database and matched with data about air temperature, wind speed, humidity and solar radiation.
The photos and weather data are displayed online, so no matter where researchers are, they can log on to check up on the colony.
The system has already given the researchers a chilling new insight into the animals' plight. It showed, for instance, that the penguins are huddling to stay warm when it is warmer out. That suggests the birds have less body fat, and thus may be having trouble finding enough fish to eat — possibly because the continuing loss of sea ice is causing plankton, the tiny organisms on which the fish feed, to become scarce.
While Zitterbart said global warming is clearly affecting the availability of food for the penguins, Dr. David Ainley, a wildlife ecologist at H.T. Harvey & Associates, an ecological consulting firm with offices in California and Hawaii, said that the penguins might be having trouble finding enough to eat not as a result of climate change but because of commercial fishing.
Still, Ainley praised the remote-sensing system, saying it's "great that the technique has been developed."
Dr. Rod Downie, head of polar programs at the World Wildlife Fund in the U.K., agreed, saying that the system offers a cost-effective way to conduct research in an extreme environment.
“Antarctica is one of the most remote, challenging and expensive locations in the world to do science,” Downie said in an email. “Direct observations of Emperor penguin colonies are particularly difficult as they breed in winter, when conditions are really harsh.”
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Liars never win and winners never lie.
That much hit home on Tuesday for Aetna Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini, who saw their company's $34 billion deal to buy Humana officially come to an end.
Bertolini's attempt to acquire the rival health insurer was mortally wounded last month when a federal judge ruled the tie-up violated antitrust regulations and would likely lead to higher prices for consumers.
The judge also excoriated Bertolini for misleading the country when they said last year that Aetna would exit several state-run health exchanges because the company was losing money in the businesses.
Aetna was booking a profit in some of the states, it was discovered via testimony during the trial — but Aetna moved to exit the exchanges simply to pressure the Justice Department to okay the Humana deal.
The move blew up in Bertolini's face.
Rather than appeal the court ruling, Aetna and Humana on Tuesday called off the deal.
Aetna will feel a bit of added sting because it owed Humana a $1 billion termination fee.
A second giant health care insurance merger, Anthem buying rival Cigna, also blocked by a judge, was also officially ended on Tuesday.
Cigna is suing Anthem for a $1.85 billion break-up fee and suing it for $13 billion in damages, alleging Anthem did not make a good-faith attempt to complete its $54 billion deal.
The common denominator is the lack of transparency, according to Hugh Tallents of management consultant cg42.
“Aetna picking a fight with the US government over the pet project of the President feels like a high risk strategy,” Tallents said.
The head of a hedge fund who closely followed the Aetna deal said, “I think the threat [of leaving the exchanges] wasn't the problem, it's the fact they stayed [in half of them].”
By staying in some state exchanges, Bertolini allowed the judge to examine each of the exited exchanges and show Aetna made money in some of them — thus exposing Bertolini as misleading shareholders and the country, the hedge fund executive said.
Aetna also terminated its plan to sell some Medicare Advantage assets to Molina Healthcare, the companies said.
Molina will receive a $75 million breakup fee.
Humana said it will buy back at least $2 billion worth of shares in 2017 and earn a net profit of $16.65 to $16.85 per share, helped by the payment from Aetna, and raise its dividend.
Wall Street analysts and investors suggested that the Trump administration might be friendlier to deals, and that Humana could again be a target for Anthem or Cigna.
Humana CEO Bruce Broussard said on a conference call that the company would consider any takeover offer, balancing “the probability and timing of completing a transaction,” the current environment and the process it has just gone through.
Aetna and Anthem did not return calls.
With Post Wires
Mike Pence just can't get out of second place.
The vice president's family on Monday released a children's book about their real-life pet rabbit Marlon Bundo — but it's already being outsold by a gay rights parody version published by “Last Week Tonight” host John Oliver.
Oliver's “A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo” — which casts the rabbit as a “very special boy bunny who falls in love with another boy bunny” and documents their fight against a Pence-esque stinkbug who opposes gay marriage — rocketed to the top of Amazon's charts after the British funnyman announced it on their show Sunday night.
“Buy it for your children, buy it for any child you know, or just buy it because you know it would annoy Mike Pence,” Oliver said on their show, which focused on Pence's history of opposing gay rights.
“Marlon Bundo's Day in the Life of the Vice President,” written by Pence's wife Karen and their daughter Charlotte, was ranked 11th on Amazon's book charts Monday. The Marlin Bundo in this version does not fall in love with another boy bunny — rather, the story follows “Bundo along as they hop after ‘Grampa' (Vice President Mike Pence),” according to the blurb.
Oliver said he's donating all proceeds of their book to LGBT advocacy group the Trevor Project and health non-profit AIDS United.
The Pences are donating the proceeds of their book to Tracy's Kids, an art-therapy program at the Riley Hospital for Children in Indianapolis and A21, an anti-sex-trafficking organization affiliated with the Hillsong megachurch, according to the Washington Post.
WASHINGTON – Eighteen of the 21 Jewish members of the US House of Representatives wrote to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday protesting their policy reversal on an agreement with the United Nations to resettle African refugees.
The lawmakers, all Democrats, wrote of their “concern” and “dismay” at the prime minister's about-face. Neither of the two Republican Jewish members of the House signed the letter.
Approximately 38,000 refugees from Sudan and Eritrea, fleeing potential persecution in their home countries, have sought asylum in Israel. Netanyahu had agreed with the UN high commissioner for refugees on a resettlement plan, but scrapped the plan when they faced pressure from within their political coalition.“We were heartened by the news that an agreement had been reached between Israel and the UNHCR to resettle over the course of five years at least 16,250 of the asylum seekers in various Western countries and to allow the remaining individuals to stay in Israel,” the letter reads. “However, within a few hours, we were dismayed to hear that the agreement had been suspended, then canceled.”“We recognize that all countries must make difficult decisions regarding immigration that balance a variety of competing priorities. It is not our role as US lawmakers to proscribe or even recommend a solution to the situation,” it continues. “However, we believe it is critical that any resolution is reached thoughtfully and ensures the safety and dignity of all those involved.”Several signatories of the letter – including Adam Schiff of California, Jan Schakowsky of Illinois and Jamie Raskin of Maryland – visited Israel last month and met with the premier. The asylum deal was permanently canceled days later.
KINGSTGON, Ont. — The Kingston Frontenacs are still alive in the Ontario Hockey League playoffs.
Defenceman Sean Day had a goal and two assists as Kingston downed the Hamilton Bulldogs in Game 4 of the Eastern Conference final 5-2 on Tuesday.
Sam Field, Cliff Pu, Max Jones and Jason Robertson also scored for the Frontenacs, who still trail the best-of-seven series 3-1.
MacKenzie Entwistle and Arthur Kaliyev found the back of the net for the Bulldogs.
Jeremy Helvig turned aside 30 shots for Kingston as Kaden Fulcher made 24 saves for Hamilton.
The Frontenacs went 2 for 6 on the power play while the Bulldogs failed to score on six chances with the man advantage.
Hamilton will try and win the series on home ice on Thursday.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 12 December 2017:
Kandeh Yumkella, Presidential standard-bearer for the National Grand Coalition (NGC), visited the SLPP's stronghold of Segbewema in Kailahun District, last Sunday, 10th December 2017.
Flanked by hundreds of NGC supporters who lined up the highway of Tondola to welcome them and their entourage, an emotional Yumkella ditched their convoy to join their fans as they marched past curious looking residents towards Paramount Chief Jajua's compound.
In their welcome remarks, PC Jajua thanked Dr. Yumkella for paying them a courtesy visit and for maintaining traditions noting that as a chief, they take their traditional role as a neutral father very important.
As Sierra Leone prepares for elections, PC Jajua further stressed the importance of fair and peaceful elections for a stable Sierra Leone.
“As you know, I have not come to campaign at this moment,” said Yumkella. “I have come here to introduce myself and to meet my numerous supporters who are passionate about my message of “Change “ and putting “Salone Fors.”
Addressing their supporters at the Segbewema football field following their visit to PC Jajua, Yumkella noted that they have proven their critics wrong, who had previously claimed that they will never dare to come to Segbewema.
“Den say wu nar nor go welcome me, but wu nar don prove den wrong.” Reciting a verse from the Quran, They further noted that “God is sovereign and power comes from him.”
Given the large crowd that welcomed the NGC flag-bearer in Segbewema, a trend which occurs at every location they have visited around the country, political analysts have opined that traditional party strongholds may not exist for the 2018 elections. In fact, said Joseph Kpaka, “with NGC making in-roads, every district is at play.”
Said Yumkella, “I am not from Kailahun but because of love for country, I have done a lot that benefited many people in this country.”
They further noted that they built a “Growth Centre” in Koindu that is benefiting so many youths today. “All my life, I have been a passionate advocate for pro-poor policies, youth and women, energy access to ensure economic prosperity for all. Development is in my DNA and I returned home because of love for you and to help push Sierra Leone forward with your support.”
During the Ebola crisis, Yumkella appeared on numerous international news channels appealing for international assistance and expertise for Ebola hit countries especially Sierra Leone.
Through their personal lobbying efforts, USD 500,000 dollars was raised to support Ebola efforts, including linking President Koroma with former World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General, Margaret Chan.
As they introduced the NGC flag-bearer, Andrew Karmoh Keilie noted that both they and Yumkella share so many things in common. They noted that “we were both SLPP, but we chose to leave to join NGC because the party no longer holds true to its founding values. We both attended CKC in Bo. I feel proud to be able to welcome Kandeh in my home district of Kailahun,” Kailie said to thunderous applause, as supporters in their hometown held placards with the caption “ Kailahun says Andrew Kailie for Running Mate.”
Commenting further on their departure from the SLPP, Yumkella noted that their allegiance to Sierra Leone is greater than any party. “There are no green Sierra Leoneans, there are no red Sierra Leoneans. We are Sierra Leoneans and our country must always come first.”
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
RIYADH - Prominent Emirati activist Ahmed Mansoor has been sentenced to 10 years in jail and fined 1 million AED ($272,000) on charges of criticizing the United Arab Emirates government on social media, The National newspaper reported late on Wednesday.
A trade and tourism hub, the UAE is an absolute monarchy that tolerates little public criticism of its ruling system and has prosecuted Mansoor and other pro-democracy activists for what it called insulting the country's leaders.
Mansoor was among five activists convicted of those charges in 2011 amid the “Arab Spring” protests calling for reform in other Arab states.
Mansoor, an electrical engineer and poet, was arrested in March 2017 and accused of promoting a sectarian and hate-incited agenda. The court cleared them of terrorist-related charges, according to The National.
Rights groups have called for Mansoor's release, calling their detention a violation of freedom of expression and opinion.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice overnight and has urged people to take care while out due to the likelihood of injuries from slips and falls.
The warning is in place for the most of the country between 7pm on Monday (March 19) and 9am on Tuesday (March 20), with dangerous ice expected to form on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths.
It comes after a weekend of snowfall in the borough, which saw heavy flurries most notably in Coulsdon, Kenley, Addington and Sanderstead.
Temperatures have struggled to get above freezing since Saturday (March 17), with the winds making it feel even more bitterly cold.
The Met Office chief forecaster's assessment says: “After a clear start in many areas with the temperature falling below freezing through Monday evening, it will turn cloudier from the north, with the possibility of some wintry showers in places.
“The temperature may come back above freezing in some places for a time, but will fall below again where the cloud breaks.
(Image: Peter Underwood)
“Therefore, ice is likely to form where untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths are left wet after snow melts during the day, or partly melted snow refreezes, and where wintry showers occur overnight.”
According to BBC Weather, it will remain cloudy in Croydon for the remainder of Monday, with temperatures reaching 1C at most.
Temperatures are forecast to reach a high of 7C on Tuesday (March 20), with cloud forecast for the remainder of the week.
TULSA, Okla. — A Tulsa teenager accused of fatally shooting a man and raping an 81-year-old woman had been released from jail just three days before the attacks.
Deonte James Green, 16, was charged Friday as an adult with 17 counts connected to series of crimes on Sunday, including first-degree murder, rape, kidnapping and robbery. They remain jailed in Tulsa County.
The Tulsa World reported Green had previously been booked into the Tulsa Jail on Sept. 22 for several property crimes, including second-degree burglary, based on claims they broke into a storage unit, stole a bike and pulled down surveillance cameras.
Juvenile proceedings are typically closed to the public. The newspaper obtained a copy of the teen's earlier arrest report because it was filed for consideration as a youthful offender case, which allows the state to levy harsher penalties for serious offences.
The Tulsa County District Attorney's Office declined youthful offender prosecution in the previous case in favour of sending it to the juvenile bureau.
District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler said they were “frustrated by the tragedy of these crimes.”
“I understand and respect the need for confidentiality in juvenile court proceedings, but it makes my job difficult when I am called upon to explain such matters to the public,” Kunzweiler said.
Police say Green broke into a couple's south Tulsa residence before noon Sunday and forced them to drive them to an ATM and withdraw money for him. They then forced the couple to return with them to their residence, sexually assaulted the woman and robbed them of cash and a handgun, said Tulsa Police Sgt. Dave Walker.
After leaving the residence on foot, police said they approached a woman and their two daughters with a gun as they left their house and forced them back inside. The woman's husband was inside, and Green fought with the man and shot them in front of their children, Walker said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roy Hodgson says he's already been congratulated on their signing of Alexander Sorloth and had some insider help from the current Norwegian national coach.
The Crystal Palace boss picked the brain of Lars Lagerback - who managed Iceland to victory over England during EURO 2016 - and said the Swede was wholly convinced by the 12-times capped striker.
Former Viking and Finland manager Hodgson even had their phone buzzing to congratulate them on the signing who has had rave reviews from Scandinavia.
Hodgson said: "Lars was unbelievably positive in every respect and yesterday evening I had another very positive message from Per-Mathias Hogmo who also congratulated us on the signing as they think we have signed a very good player.
"We've watched Alexander a lot and we think we knew what we were signing when we approached Midtjylland to buy them but it was also very good for me to be able to speak to Lars and get the text from Per-Mathias who both supported our view that this is a player who can do well in the Premier League.
"It was sufficient for me to watch the video tapes, to go on the advice of our scouts who had seen them play live.
"Then in particular to speak to someone I know and whose judgment in football I trust and ask them what they thought. I was expecting them to be slightly less 100% behind the thought than they are.
"He did none of that they said that what we'd seen is what they were and they backed Alexander to be a big success in the Premier League, and that was enough for me."
Hodgson said that Sorloth will be involved in the squad for this weekend's match with Newcastle but conceded they may need some time to adjust because of the break in the Danish season.
They said: "Whenever a player changes club they need time to adjust and we mustn't forget they haven't played competitive football since the end of November so they will need time for adjustment. But we're fortunate that after the game on Sunday we have one more game the following Saturday, then a two week break.
"So it's fortunate that they have a good month to get their feet under the table, unless of course we need to use them in those two games before that.
"I met them for the first time on the training field today and I though if you watched the session you wouldn't be aware that there was a new guy out there, unless you knew who it was and of course they speak perfect English so they won't have any problems in that respect."
DRAW REVIEW: The two legs of the Women's EHF Cup Final will be played on 6/7 and 13/14 May in Germany respectivly Russia.
SG BBM Bietigheim to host Women's EHF Cup Final's first leg
For the first time in the club's history SG BBM Bietigheim have reached the Women's EHF Cup Final and will face Russian team Rostov-Don.
After the draw in the EHF Office in Vienna on Tuesday 18 April the home rights for the two legs have been determined.
SG BBM Bietigheim from Germany will host the Women's EHF Cup Final's first leg on 6/7 May. Just one week later the return leg will take place in Russia.
"When you're playing a final, you want to win it. We're playing the first leg in front of our home crowd, so we will try to get a good position for the return leg in Russia. We know that Rostov is a very good team, but I think everything will be decided in the last 60 minutes," said Markus Schüle, EHF Cup project manager of SG BBM Bietigheim.
TEXT:
Flamboyant former NBA star Dennis Rodman arrived in North Korea after saying they want to "open the door" to the regime, facilitating sports exchanges. They claimed that US President Donald Trump would be pleased with their mission.
Their trip coincides with the dramatic release of an American student who was jailed in Pyongyang for 17 months and returned while in coma.
Sporting a baseball cap, sunglasses, multiple facial piercings and a black t-shirt emblazoned with the logo of sponsor PotCoin (a cryptocurrency for the legal cannabis industry) Rodman was greeted at Pyongyang airport by sports vice-minister Son Kwang Ho and journalists.
"I'm just trying to open the door," the ex-Chicago Bulls power forward told reporters at Beijing airport before boarding their Air Koryo flight.
Asked whether they had spoken with Trump about their trip, Rodman said: "I'm pretty sure he's pretty much happy with the fact that I'm over here trying to accomplish something that we both need."
This trip is at least the fifth time that Rodman visited North Korea.
In 2014 they attracted a deluge of criticism after being filmed singing happy birthday to their "friend for life", leader Kim Jong-Un.
The latest visit comes amid high tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, which is currently holding three Americans, following a series of missile tests by the North, which have triggered tightened UN sanctions.
The 56-year-old NBA Hall of Famer, who was heavily criticized for failing to raise the plight of a jailed US missionary on a previous trip, said discussing detained US citizens was "not my purpose right now". They said in Beijing their aim is to try to "bring sports to North Korea".
They have previously described their visits -- including one in 2013 with the Harlem Globetrotters -- as "basketball diplomacy" but has been roundly criticised for failing to raise human rights issues.
A senior Trump administration official told Fox News Rodman was going to the North "as a private citizen".
Rodmans trip coincides with the release of American student Otto Warmbier, who was arrested 17 months ago and accused of committing “hostile acts” after trying to steal a political banner from a corridor in their hotel.
After a tearful confession at a televised "trial", North Korean authorities sentenced them to 15 years hard labor.
But on June 13, the same day Rodman arrived in Pyongyang, Warmbier arrived back in the US. However, they were in a coma and was transported to a hospital upon arrival.
According to the Washington Post, North Korean officials had told the US State Departments' special representative for North Korea Joseph Yun that Warmbier had suffered food poisoning after their show trial and slid into a coma after being given a sleeping pill, seventeen months ago.
The exact conditions for Warmbier's release are not clear. A flurry of activities involving Swedish diplomats lead to the student's homecoming.
A State Depratment spokesperson, Heather Nauert, said that “Dennis Rodman had nothing to do with the release of Mr. Warmbier,” but US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did make a link when they tweeted that “President Trump gets Otto Warmbier out of a North Korean Prison. And we didn't have to send an airplane full of cash... just Dennis Rodman.”
[with AFP]
After a brief hiatus, the Hallmark Channel is back with all new movies this June. Hallmark is introducing four new movies for its June Weddings 2018 special. Read on for a schedule of which movies are airing, the times, and how to watch them.
To find out what channel Hallmark is on for you, click here to go to TV Guide's listings. Then change the “Provider” (right under TV Listings) to your local provider. You'll be able to scroll down to see what channel Hallmark is on for you. (To find out how to stream Hallmark's movies live, see our story here.)
Marrying Mr. Darcy: Saturday, June 2, 9 p.m. Eastern
Marrying Mr. Darcy premieres June 2 at 9 p.m. Eastern (8 p.m. Central.) The movie will star Cindy Busby and Ryan Paevey. If you miss it, you can see encore presentations June 3 at 7 p.m. Eastern, June 9 at 5 p.m., June 10 at 1 p.m., June 23 at 5 p.m., and June 29 at 8 p.m.
Hallmark's synopsis reads: “Six months after they met at a Washington D.C. dog show, schoolteacher Elizabeth Scott and business person Donovan Darcy are blissfully in love and newly engaged. With Donovan in agreement, they look forward to planning a small autumn wedding with the help of their mother, sister, and Donovan's Aunt Violet. But as the weeks fly by and the arrangements for the wedding grow more elaborate, Elizabeth feels the burden of expectations they will face as Mrs. Darcy. Worse still, Donovan themselves is wrapped up in their work and increasingly unavailable to them Reminded yet again of their differences in background and temperament, Elizabeth can't help but ask herself: should they marry Mr. Darcy?”
By the way, if you want to see the first movie, Unleashing Mr. Darcy, it will air on June 2 at 7 p.m. Eastern, June 17 at 11 a.m., June 21 at 4 p.m., and June 29 at 6 p.m.
Here's a preview:
And here's a look back at the original movie:
The Perfect Bride: Wedding Bells: Saturday, June 9, 9 p.m. Eastern
This movie is the sequel to the beloved 2017 movie, The Perfect Bride. It premieres June 9 at 9 p.m. Eastern (8 p.m. Central.) The movie will star Pascale Hutton and Kavan Smith. If you miss it, you can see encore presentations June 10 at 7 p.m. Eastern, June 16 at 7 p.m., June 17 at 3 p.m., and June 23 at 3 p.m.
Hallmark's synopsis reads: “Newly engaged Nick and Molly are looking forward to their big day. After their overbooked wedding venue reserves the wrong date, they have six weeks to plan the wedding of their dreams. Things get even more complicated when Steven, who once left Molly at the altar, comes back into their life with a business offer that may be too good to turn down.”
If you want to see the first Perfect Bride movie, it will air June 9 at 7 p.m. Eastern and June 23 at 1 p.m.
Here's a preview:
And here's a look back at the original movie:
Love at First Dance: Saturday, June 16, 9 p.m. Eastern
This movie premieres June 16 at 9 p.m. Eastern (8 p.m. Central.) The movie will star Becca Tobin and Niall Matter. If you miss it, you can see encore presentations June 17 at 7 p.m. Eastern, June 23 at 7 p.m., and June 24 at 3 p.m.
Hallmark's synopsis reads: “Hope is tasked with teaching Manhattan's former “Most Eligible Bachelor” how to dance for their extravagant, society wedding. But as the dance lessons progress, complications ensue when feelings begin to develop between student and instructor.”
Here they are on the set of the movie:
Wedding March 4: Something Old, Something New: Saturday, June 23, 9 p.m. Eastern
This is the fourth in the Wedding March series! This movie premieres June 23 at 9 p.m. Eastern (8 p.m. Central.) The movie will star Jack Wagner and Josie Bissett. If you miss it, you can see encore presentations on June 24 at 7 p.m. Eastern and June 30 at 7 p.m.
Hallmark's synopsis reads: “With a wedding to plan, an engagement party to throw, and an inn full of surprise guests, the road to true love for Olivia and Mick takes a few unexpected twists and turns.”
Here's a look back at what's happened before the fourth movie:
There are still some more movies planned for this summer that we won't be seeing in the June selection. For example, Debbie Gibson's sequel to Summer of Dreams, called Wedding of Dreams, is happening sometime this summer.
We're also expecting some additional summer movies, including the working titles Love on Safari (starring Lacey Chabert), Love on the Lido Deck (starring Alexa and Carlos PenaVega), a new Vineyard movie called Wedding in the Vineyard, and a Christmas keepsake movie in July.
Klay Thompson recognized LaMarcus Aldridge's gripe about the Warriors having four players in the NBA All-Star Game while Aldridge's Spurs sent just one (not him).
That doesn't mean Thompson agreed with the Spurs forward.
Thompson told FS1 that Golden State had “a better case” due to their 46-9 record — four games ahead of San Antonio.
“I think they had a case to make it, especially when you have the record they have. But, I think we had a better case to have four because of our record,” Thompson said Tuesday. “We're still in the single-digit loss column, coming up on the All-Star break — which is pretty hard to do.”
This comes on the heels of Aldridge's comment that it is “wrong” for only Kawhi Leonard to represent the Spurs at the All-Star Game while Warriors Kevin Durant, Stephen Curry, Draymond Green and Thompson were included.
“I can't help it — I'm not gonna argue with it,” Thompson said. “I'm happy to go with my teammates and my coaching staff. …
“I never thought I'd be on an NBA team with four All-Stars, one being myself. It's pretty surreal and hopefully it won't be the last time.”
Getty
Looking to back up their season-best 104 wins, the Los Angeles Dodgers begin their 2017 postseason campaign against the NL West rival Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday.
Game 1 of their NLDS matchup begins at 10:30 p.m. ET and will be broadcast on TBS. If you don't have cable, you can watch a live stream via a free trial of one of the following cable-free, live-TV services:
DirecTV Now: Any of the four channel packages include TBS. You can click here to sign up and start your free trial. You can then watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app
Sling TV: Both “Sling Orange” and “Sling Blue” include TBS. You can click here to sign up and start your free trial. You can watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app
Both of these options includes a free trial, so you can watch the game at no cost.
Pitching Matchup
The Dodgers, of course, will star three-time Cy Young, one-time MVP and full-time really good baseball thrower Clayton Kershaw. The 29-year-old missed about five weeks in July and August with a back injury, but he's been a bit up-and-down since theirs return.
In six September starts, Kershaw had three where they allowed one earned run or less, and three in which they were hit around for three earned or more. During that stretch, they boast a 3.48 ERA and 1.22 WHIP, which are obviously very un-Kershaw like numbers but are still solid for normal humans.
On the other side, the Diamondbacks will counter with hard-throwing righty Taijuan Walker. Boasting a 3.49 ERA and 1.33 WHIP, they can be wild at times (3.5 BB per 9), but they can also be filthy at times (11 starts on the season with one earned run or less).
In terms of head-to-head meetings in 2017, Kershaw went 2-0 with a ridiculous 0.59 ERA and 0.59 WHIP in two starts against the D-Backs this year (both starts came pre-injury), while Walker made three starts against the Dodgers, going 2-0 with a 3.24 ERA, 1.20 WHIP and 17 punchouts in 16.2 innings.
HQ Trivia is the live trivia quiz app that everyone loves. Like, really, really loves. It's honestly kind of weird how much people love it, to be totally honest. And now there's a site called HQuack that supposedly “hacks” the game to help you win…but is that really why anyone was playing anyway?
The premise of HQ Trivia is that at 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. EST – appointment playing! – a genial host, usually the comedian Scott Rogowsky, talks players through 10 trivia questions of increasing difficulty. If you miss a question, you're out. If you make it through all 10, you and however many people are left split a pot of real money. The pot and the split vary, but winners can expect a payout ranging $1-$100. Most often it seems to be under $20.
But the lure of real money isn't the reason HQ Trivia has blown up in the last few months, regularly attracting over a million players each game. It's just, well, fun.
HQuack.com is a site made by a developer named Jake Mor, who created a program to predict the answers to questions as the game plays out. They told BuzzFeed News, “it's a little complex under the hood, but it basically googles a series of questions and weighs which options are best.”
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
Americans grabbed two of the top four women's spots and six of the top 10 for men in the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday — the first time that's happened since the race went professional in 1986.
Galen Rupp, an Olympic bronze medalist, finished second in their Boston debut, 21 seconds behind Geoffrey Kirui of Kenya.
“It's so exciting to see Americans being competitive here,” Rupp said. “It's a real exciting time. And it's awesome to see American distance running on the upswing and being competitive in these races.”
Also in the top 10 were runners from California, Arizona, Colorado, Oregon and Utah.
“American distance running is looking good today,” said sixth-place finisher Abdi Abdirahman, a Somali immigrant and Tucson resident who is a four-time Olympian. “We have the podium for both men and women, so the future is great.”
Twenty-five-year-old California native Jordan Hasay, making their first run at the 26.2-mile distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two US women have finished in the top four. (Edna Kiplagat of Kenya and Rose Chelimo of Bahrain went 1-2.)
“It keeps happening. We keep getting closer. We're putting more numbers in there, and it's just a matter of time,” said Linden, the 2011 runner-up by 2 seconds. “When Americans break the tape, it's going to be a big deal here.”
Hasay (2:23:00) broke the record for an American woman's marathon debut by nearly three minutes, racing with a heavy heart five months after the death of their mother.
“She always told me that I could be a great marathoner,” Hasay said.
No US woman has won since Lisa Larsen Weidenbach in 1985. Meb Keflezighi ended a 31-year drought for American men when they prevailed in 2014, the year after bombings at the race's finish line killed three people and wounded more than 260 others.
Keflezighi, 41, who plans to retire from racing after the New York City marathon in November, stopped after their 13th-place finish Monday to touch the hand of Bill Richard, whose 8-year-old son Martin was the youngest person to die in the bombing.
“In 2013, I was a spectator just like the three victims and when I saw the 8-year-old … the first thing in my mind was that could have been my daughter,” Keflezighi said.
With AP and Reuters
If there is one thing which the left should have learned over the last couple of years, it is that who controls the key positions in the party matters.
The constituency seats on the Conference Arrangements Committee and the National Constitutional Committee will be elected later this year. The CAC controls the conference agenda, and voting, and the NCC is in charge of the crucial disciplinary function. These elections matter.
The left candidates for these positions are as follows.
Seeking nominations for the Conference Arrangements Committee:
Seema Chandwani
Billy Hayes
Seeking nominations for the National Constitutional Committee
Anna Dyer
Emine Ibrahim
The closing date for nominations is Friday 23rd June. Please make sure that the nominations are raised at your constituency party meeting in time to meet that deadline.
Nominations can be submitted online by CLP Secretaries and Chairs at: https://members.labour.org.uk/annual-conference-nominations.
iStock/Thinkstock(DALLAS) — A manhunt is underway for a person of interest in the North Dallas shooting that injured two police officers and a civilian at a Home Depot, authorities said.
911 dispatchers received a call to go to the Home Depot shortly after 4:12 p.m., Dallas Police Chief Renee Hall said in a press conference Tuesday night. After the responding officers arrived, a subsequent call for assistance was made after the shooting began.
Two Dallas Police officers were critically wounded, the Dallas Police Department posted on Twitter shortly after the shooting. A civilian who is a loss prevention officer for Home Depot was also shot, Hall said. Their or their condition is unknown at this time, police said.
Police were actively searching for the person of interest in a nearby wooded area on Tuesday afternoon. Authorities identified them as 29-year-old Armando Luis Juarez, who possibly left the location in a white pickup truck.
Juarez is to be considered and dangerous, Hall said, adding that it is unclear “how they were able to get a gun and shoot all three of the victims.”
Hall asked the community to contact police if they see Juarez or have any information on who and where they are.
The officers were transported by the Dallas Fire-Rescue Department to the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, where they are getting the “best possible care,” Hall said.
Hall did not release their names or an update on their conditions when speaking to the media out of respect for the families, they said.
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings described the aftermath of the shooting as a “two-front battle,” referring to the victims' battles for their lives at the hospital as well as “the battle out in the community” to find the person of interest.
The police department asked for prayers for the victims and their families.
“I want to ask each and every one of you for your prayers … for our officers, for their families and for our entire DPD family, because we need you right now,” Hall said. “Our hearts are very heavy.”
State, local and federal law enforcement agencies responded to the scene.
In 2016, five Dallas law enforcement officers were shot and killed and seven more injured after they were ambushed by 25-year-old former Army reservist Micah Xavier Johnson. Johnson later died in a standoff with police.
Former Dallas Police Chief and ABC News contributor David Brown said the most recent shooting on two Dallas police officers is “too much to bear for one department in such a short time frame.”
“Once again, it sobers us to realize what officers walk into day in and day out, how quickly they can become victims,” Rawlings said.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
WARSAW, Poland — Anti-government protesters rallied in front of Poland's Supreme Court in Warsaw on Wednesday to show support for the court's president, who is being forced to retire under a judicial overhaul.
The hundreds of people who gathered sang the national anthem and chanted "Judges are not removable!" and "Constitution!" as the court's First President Malgorzata Gersdorf showed up for work, saying that according to the constitution, their six-year term runs through 2020.
Gersdorf, 65, thanked the crowd and said they were acting to protect Poland's constitution. It was not immediately clear whether they would be allowed back into their office on the first day of their forced retirement.
Protests started this week against the new law, mandated by the right-wing ruling party, that cuts the retirement age to 65 from 70 for Poland's Supreme Court justices.
Under the new rules, Gersdorf should have asked President Andrzej Duda for an extension of their mandate if they were to be of retirement age on July 4. They have not done so.
"That would mean subordination," Gersdorf said. "And I cannot agree to this because I need to fulfill what I swore I would."
Protesters gather in front of Poland\'s Supreme Court building in Warsaw on Wednesday. Czarek Sokolowski
The law, which took effect Tuesday, is forcing the chief justice and as many as one-third of the court's 72 sitting judges to step down. It is seen as the ruling Law and Justice party's clampdown on the top court.
The Supreme Court shake-up represents the culmination of a comprehensive overhaul of Poland's justice system that gives the ruling party new powers over the courts.
Critics at home and abroad accuse the Law and Justice party of seeking control over courts for political gain, and say its policies, which also include tighter control of public media, amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule.
European Union officials and international human rights groups have expressed alarm, alleging the moves represent an erosion of judicial independence that violates Western standards. The European Commission, which polices compliance with E.U. laws, opened an infringement procedure Monday against Poland over the Supreme Court law.
The Supreme Court is the highest court of appeal for criminal and civil cases in Poland. Its justices also rule on the validity of elections.
The government insists it is improving Poland's justice system, saying it was inefficient and controlled by an untouchable "caste" of judges. It argues that putting judges under the control of the legislative and executive branches will make the courts answerable to the voters, and thus more democratic.
The ruling Law and Justice party's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 percent throughout the dispute, well above any single rival party.
It rejects criticism, saying E.U. treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary.
Mayor de Blasio has quadrupled spending on the Department of Education's increasingly costly public-affairs division since entering office, a report says.
Families for Excellent Schools, a charter-sector advocate, concludes that de Blasio dedicated $5,973,361 to the budget category this year — up from $1,386,190 in Mayor Mike Bloomberg's last year in 2013.
De Blasio's public-affairs spending — which includes press communications — was $3,291,587 in 2014, $2,558,702 in 2015 and $3,170,239 in 2016 before this year's jump, the group's report claims.
“Once again, the Department of Education is trying to paper over the real problems at city schools by wasting dollars that should be spent on students,” said Families for Excellent Schools CEO Jeremiah Kittredge. “No amount of money spent on p.r. and spin is going to make parents forget that the city has failed their children.”
The DOE disputed the report, with a spokesperson saying the group's budget data for the current year were out of date and included a $1.8 million allocation for translation services from last year that had yet to be paid out.
“What a world of wrong. This office budget will be $4.1 million, and Families for Excellent Schools has no idea what the budget funds,” said the spokesperson, Will Mantell. “It supports translations and direct communications to families about opportunities like adult education, unlike Families for Excellent Schools, which spends millions on lobbying, rallies and ad campaigns falsely attacking public schools.”
see also DOE doubles number of top administrators under de Blasio The Department of Education nearly doubled the number of top-level...
The DOE said a $1 million hike in marketing costs from last year went to restore campaigns that vanished under Bloomberg.
These included ads in “ethnic and community media” and in subways pushing for participation in local education councils.
In addition to overall spending, the Families for Excellent Schools report says, expenditures on full-time public-affairs staff have risen 53 percent since de Blasio took office, rising from $1,221,763 in 2013 and $1,867,150 this year.
Overall DOE central administration costs have risen sharply under de Blasio, with the number of top education officials going from 39 in 2013 to 76 this year.
The preliminary budget for 2017-2018 allocates $11,386,000 in salary for these central-office “pedagogical” staffers — a big hike from $4,055,000 in the 2013-2014 fiscal year, budget reports show.
Overall DOE bureaucracy costs have also risen under de Blasio.
The preliminary budget is slated to pay 1,918 central-administration workers $210,227,000 in compensation. That's up from $163,947,000 in 2015 for a total of 1,922 staffers.
The DOE has argued that costs and personnel have necessarily increased in keeping with major school initiatives introduced under de Blasio, including their signature universal pre-K program.
× John McEnroe is paid 10 times what Martina Navratilova gets for Wimbledon broadcasts
Martina Navratilova is ticked.
The nine-time Wimbledon singles champion and tennis commentator says the BBC pays them 10 times less than fellow commentator John McEnroe for doing Wimbledon broadcasts. And she's angry because they fear what's happening to them happens to women everywhere.
“It was a shock because John McEnroe makes at least £150,000 (about $210,000). I get about £15,000 (about $21,000),” Navratilova said on one of the BBC's own shows, Panorama.
Navratilova says while their Wimbledon gig is a part-time job for her, it isn't fair that they get paid so much less than their male counterpart. And if it's happening to her, they said, other women must be dealing with the pay disparity, too.
“If this happens to me then, — you know for me it's a part-time job, it's two weeks of my life — but for the women that work there full-time, maybe the discrepancy's not that large, but it adds up over a lifetime,” they said. “It adds up to an amazing amount of money.”
‘Gender isn't a factor'
The BBC said it's not really a fair comparison because McEnroe is on air three times more than Navratilova and the two are on different types of contracts.
“John and Martina perform different roles in the team, and John's role is of a different scale, scope and time commitment,” the BBC said in a statement. “He is contracted to be on call for the BBC across the entire tournament. … Gender isn't a factor.”
Navratilova agrees that McEnroe is on air more than they are. But …
“Ten times as much? I don't think so,” they said.
They also said they had been assured by the BBC that men and women were being paid equally for the same work, so they feel “we were not told the truth.” And they also feel the UK's public broadcaster needed to “do better” when it came to gender equity in pay.
Last summer the BBC revealed the salaries of its entertainment stars and top journalists, showing that it paid its female stars a lot less.
When asked for comment, a representative for McEnroe referred CNN to the BBC.
McEnroe, perhaps the highest-profile commentator in tennis, won three Wimbledon singles titles.
The gap in pay between men and women has made headlines in recent months. In January it was reported that actor Michelle Williams earned less than 1% of co-star Mark Wahlberg's $1.5 million fee for doing reshoots on the movie, “All the Money in the World.” After fierce criticism, Wahlberg said they would donate the money to the Time's Up Legal Defense Fund in Williams' name.
President Trump has a simple message for the complex North Korea conundrum: “Gotta behave.”
Trump gave their two-word prescription Monday morning when asked by a reporter at the White House Easter Egg Roll. The president has been tweeting warnings at North Korea for weeks as the dictatorship ramps up provocative missile tests.
Vice President Pence, speaking near the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea on Monday, delivered a similar steely statement, saying the “era of strategic patience is over.” Pence, expressing impatience with the speed and willingness of the regime to end its nuclear weapons program, said Trump was hopeful that China would use its “extraordinary levers” to pressure Pyongyang to abandon its weapons.
“President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change,” Pence said. “We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable.”
Later Monday, Pence reiterated that “all options were on the table” to deal with the threat posed by Pyongyang. They said any use of nuclear weapons would be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.” Speaking alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn, Pence said the American commitment to South Korea is “iron-clad and immutable.”
A day earlier, deputy national security adviser K.T. MacFarland told Fox News' Chris Wallace on “Fox News Sunday” that North Korea was a problem for everybody in the region, including China — the North's strongest ally.
“North Korea is a liability to everybody and it's a threat not just to the United States, not just to South Korea, not just to Japan, not just to Russia, but it's actually a threat to China as well.”
H.R. McMaster, Trump's top national security adviser, told ABC's “This Week” the U.S. would rely on its allies as well as Chinese leadership to solve the issues with North Korea.
McMaster cited Trump's recent decision to order missile strikes in Syria after a chemical attack blamed on the Assad government as a sign that the president “is clearly comfortable making tough decisions.” But at the same time, McMaster said, “it's time for us to undertake all actions we can, short of a military option, to try to resolve this peacefully.”
A North Korean missile exploded during launch on Sunday, U.S. and South Korean officials said. The high-profile failure came as the North tried to showcase its nuclear and missile capabilities around the birth anniversary of the North's late founder and as a U.S. aircraft carrier neared the Korean Peninsula.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Michael Shaoul, Chairman/CEO/Founding Partner, Marketfield Asset Management, looked into whether the first quarter may be the high watermark for 2018 with Bryan Curtis and Rishaad Salamat. They say commodity prices will continue to go higher, considered how long the correction has to run and explains why he's a believer in the yield curve.
Running time 07:00
Joanne Schnurr, CTV Ottawa
It is a gut-wrenching minute-long video that has gone absolutely viral. A Tennessee boy's Facebook post tearfully recounting how bullies have tormented them in school.
It's prompted a condemnation of their attackers and an outpouring of support for him, both in the U.S. -- and here at home. From celebrities to athletes, to even the President, Keaton Jones may have been told by bullies they had no friends but clearly, that's not the case.
He's now up to about 22 million.
“It's not okay. Just because people are different, they don't need to be criticized about it.”
That's Keaton Jones, pouring their heart out in a video posted to Facebook by their mother, who took the video after picking Keaton up early from their school in Tennessee. They were afraid to go to lunch because they were being bullied.
“What do say to you?” they ask him.
“They make fun of my nose, they call me ugly, they say I have no friends,” they reply, visibly shaken and upset.
The video has gone viral with more than 21 million views and it seems that Keaton Jones has many friends, from athletes like Tennessee quarterback Jarrett Guarantano, who met Keaton over the weekend and posted a photo of the two of them on Twitter as their “new best bud,” to singers like Justin Bieber, who posted, “This kid is an all-time, legend. Their name Keaton.”
Dr. Tracy Vaillancourt is one of Canada's authorities on bullying, as a professor and the Canada Research Chair in children's mental health and violence prevention. They say Ontario is leading the way in policies protecting children. Part of the issue, they say, especially in the United States, is acknowledging bullying exists.
“I hear from far too many schools that say there is no bullying the school,” they say, “That is just an issue of denial. Every school has bullying.”
Dr. Vaillancourt says the statistics bear that out.
“Things will change for this boy,” they say, as they watch, the video, “but there are lots of boys and girls like this. 30% of North American children get bullied occasionally,” they say, “and 7 to 10% get bullied on daily basis. In Canada, that translates into half a million kids who get bullied every day in school and that's far too many children.”
Ottawa Councillor Allan Hubley couldn't watch the video.
“I was getting physically upset about it watching it,” they say, “because it brings back a lot of memories.”
Hubley's son Jamie was 15 when they committed suicide, after being the target of bullies for years. Hubley has worked to help protect the victims of bullying.
“You're not born a bully, it's a learned behavior so if it's a learned behavior, you can “unlearn” it and people can help by talking about it,” says Hubley.
And that is clearly Keaton Jones' hope too; by talking about it, maybe things will change.
“It'll probably get better one day,” Keaton says wistfully, and turns away from the camera.
Frustrated Blackpool boss Gary Bowyer lamented their side's lack of spark after their 1-0 defeat to Mansfield.
Matt Green's deflected 30th minute strike wrapped the points up for Stags against a woeful Blackpool side.
The Seasiders had plenty of possession during the game but did nothing with the ball as Mansfield's resolute rearguard firmly shut them out.
Bowyer said: “It was not pretty, it was a disappointing day today all round.
“It was not an attractive game, they came to delay the game and spoilt the game
“We have not done enough to win the game, We had lots of possession but not done enough. It is important we don't get carried away.
“Sam Slocombe has not had a shot to save apart from their goal. Their goal was scrappy and summed the game up, it was not pretty to watch.
“We encourage players to pass the ball and we gave the ball away cheaply in the build up to their goal
“The shot got a deflected and ended up in the back of the net, that decided the game.
“We looked the better side before that, we had the ball but not troubled their lkeeper enough.
“We lacked a cutting edge and a bit of creativity. We have no excuses today, we lacked a spark.”
It was Mansfield's first win in six attempts and ensured Stags did the 1-0 double over Blackpool.
Stags face Crewe at the weekend as they look to keep up the pressure on the play-off pack.
Big Brother Naija 2018 Finalists in adorable photo as they visit DSTV office – Information Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
With hundreds of careers and opportunities, the filmmaking industry can be a unique experience for a filmmaker. Filmtools decided to take a deeper look into the world of a filmmaker. This week, we had the opportunity to speak to filmmaker Matt Bendo about their work. This is what they said:
What is your name?
My name is Matt Bendo and I am a 25 year old Cinematographer/Director based out of Toronto, Ontario Canada.
Where are you from?
I am originally from Windsor, Ontario Canada, but I moved to Toronto to pursue a career in the film industry.
What's your primary role on set?
My primary role on set is as a Cinematographer. I have always been obsessed with storytelling and Cinematography proved to be the medium in which I could express myself the best. Through the use of precise camera movements, compelling compositions, and strokes of light, a cinematographer evokes feelings in the audience that transcend simply displaying images on a screen. I have always been fascinated by techniques Cinematographers use to subconsciously manipulate an audience's emotions. Growing up, I wanted to be a traditional animator, but luckily, I found that I was best suited as artist with a camera that could paint with strokes of light. I am also a budding commercial Director. I found that the best way for me to execute my visual vision was to Direct as well as DP.
Who is a person in the industry that is on top of their or their game in your role?
In terms of Cinematography, Roger Deakins is someone that I really admire. They have an incredible ability to paint a picture with light. I am really looking forward to seeing their work on “Blade Runner 2049”. I believe Deakins will win the “Best Cinematography” Oscar in 2018 for this film. Some other Cinematographers whose work I admire are Bruno Delbonnel, Robert Richardson, Emmanuel Lubezki, and Sebastian Wintero.
If you had to impress someone with your work, what would be the most “well-known” content that you've worked on? – Could be a local TV spot or Youtube piece.
I would say that my most “well-known” work would be “Storm” which won a Canadian Society of Cinematographers Award in April of 2017. I was a Director as well as the Cinematographer for “Storm”.
Current TV Obsession?
Although it might not be the most cinematic show, I'm currently watching “Curb Your Enthusiasm”. It makes me laugh and lets me relieve a bit of stress after a hectic day.
Do you binge-watch new shows or pace them out?
I tend to binge-watch new shows while I edit and write emails. When the series is finished, I tend to fill the void with another show.
What piece of gear do you have your eye on?
I am currently looking to invest in some anamorphic lenses. I really do enjoy the Cooke SF Anamorphic lenses.
Camera – Should you own or rent?
A camera is a scary investment since the technology is developing rapidly. The gaps between high-end cinema cameras and mid-level cinema cameras are becoming smaller and smaller. Luckily, my investment in the Arri Alexa Mini proved to be the right decision.
Lenses – Should you own or rent?
I like to typically rent lenses since the type/style of lens needed tends to be different for each project. I love to shoot with anamorphic lenses for my cinematic style commercial projects, but most of my jobs require spherical glass. Lenses are investments that typically have longevity
What is your preferred camera system? Lenses?
I own the Arri Alexa Mini and I prefer to shoot with the Cooke SF Anamorphic lenses.
What's the coolest project you've worked on before?
I'd say it would be a toss up between “Storm” and “Legacy”. For “Storm” we shot with a custom Lamborghini Aventador SV for a few days and did some pretty wild camera and lighting setups. For “Legacy” it was a great experience working with Steve Rolls, an undefeated pro-boxer, to tell a story of human resilience. It was really exciting to experiment with the light and composition inside a variety of exciting locations.
What is your greatest accomplishment in the film industry?
In April of 2017, I won the CSC (Canadian Society of Cinematographers) Award for “Best Cinematography in Branded Content”. This was a National Award. The CSC is the Canadian equivalent to societies such as the ASC (American Society of Cinematographers) and BSC (British Society of Cinematographers). It was such an honour to be in the same room with such an abundance of talented Canadian cinematographers, let alone being nominated. Winning Best Cinematographer in this category is something I couldn't even imagine happening at such a young age. I plan to continue to develop my cinematic style and in the process gain a better understanding of myself as a visual storyteller.
What are you currently working on?
I just finished production on “Legacy” a Branded Content project for the boxing academy Kombat Arts. I was the Director, Cinematographer, and Editor. This is probably my favourite work to date! I had such a fantastic time shooting and developing the visual style for this project. I took some risks with the lighting, which I believe paid off. I had complete creative control over “Legacy” because the clients trusted me enough with their brand. Being the Cinematographer, Director, and Editor made things much easier when it came to achieving the vision I had in mind. I am pursuing commercial Directing and Cinematography because I enjoy the challenge of creating concise and cinematic stories. I would like to transition towards feature film Directing and Cinematography in the future.
Prod Co. MattBendoCinema/TrePalm
Where can people find you on social?
Vimeo https://vimeo.com/mattbendo
Instagram @MattBendo
Website https://mattbendocinema.com
Want to be featured as a Filmmaker?
Tell us your story to be featured as a Filmmaker online. Reach out to Filmtools via Instagram messages or tag us in your photos on Instagram, Twitter, & Facebook
Support ProVideo Coalition Shop with Filmtools 24 x 48" Collapsible Converted Senior Cart In Stock, Order Today $910.00 Shop Now
Was This Post Helpful:
Kendall Baptist Hospital hosts a community session on the Zika virus
Pregnant woman recovers from brain surgery at UHealth
1:01
Slow cookers make that happiness possible. For singles, couples and families who prefer easy, weeknight meals prepared ahead of time, try these three Crock-Pot recipes:
Slow Cooker French Dip Sandwich
French dips make for the perfect meal on a cold, February day, Sunday afternoon while watching football or a busy Tuesday night with filled with family activities. The option to cook them in the Crock-Pot makes the sandwich even more appealing and the au jus for dipping is the perfect touch.
Serves: 6 to 8 sandwiches
Ingredients:
1 (3 to 4-pound) chuck roast, remove excess fat
Montreal steak seasoning
2 teaspoons olive oil
¼ cup soy sauce
¼ cup water
4 whole black peppercorns
2 cups beef broth
½ teaspoon dried, crushed rosemary
½ teaspoon dried thyme
1 tablespoon minced onion
2 teaspoons minced garlic
6 to 8 french rolls
6 to 8 slices of cheese, provolone suggested
Directions:
Remove excess fat from roast. Sprinkle with Montreal steak seasoning. Brown both sides) in olive oil. Place in slow cooker. Mix together soy sauce, beef broth, water, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme, garlic and onion. Pour mixture over roast. Cook on low for 8 to 10 hours or high for 5 to 6. Cook until tender and easy to shred. Shred with a fork and the place on sandwich buns. Strain remaining juice and use for dipping.
Recipe courtesy of Yourhomebasedmom.com
Crock-Pot Copycat Olive Garden Zuppa Toscana Soup
Copycat recipes are often a favorite for foodies who love to cook. This particular recipe makes the task easy, requiring just 15 minutes to prep before cooking in the Crock-Pot for half a day. By pairing with a salad, bread or sandwich, this recipe is sure to win over the hearts of all.
Serves: 4 to 6
Ingredients:
1 pound ground pork sausage
¾ cup onion, diced
6 slices bacon, diced
1¼ teaspoons garlic, minced
4 cups chicken broth
1 cup potatoes, cut into bite sized pieces
2 cups kale, thinly sliced
¾ cup whipping cream
Directions:
Cook sausage in a large skillet and brown over medium heat. Drain and set aside. Place onion and bacon in the skillet and saute over medium heat until the onions are translucent. Place sausage, onions, bacon and garlic in slow cooker along with remaining ingredients. Cook on low for 4 to 6 hours. Add kale and whipping cream to your crock pot and stir before serving.
Recipe courtesy of Recipesthatcrock.com
Slow Cooker Chicken Enchiladas
Enchiladas are a tasty dinner option, but making them in the slow cooker ensures they'll feed the whole family. By stacking two or even three rows of enchiladas, families are sure to have delicious leftovers. To streamline the process, opt for pre-cooked rotisserie chicken. And for those looking for extra flavor, homemade enchilada sauce adds flair to the dish.
Serves: 6 servings
Ingredients:
3 cups shredded chicken
½ cup salsa
12 (6-inch) flour tortillas
2 (10-ounce) cans of enchilada sauce, or 3 cups homemade healthy enchilada sauce
1 (4-ounce) can mild green chiles
2 cups shredded cheddar cheese
Directions:
Spray the inside the slow cooker with nonstick spray. Combine shredded chicken, salsa and approximately ½ cup of the enchilada sauce. In a separate bowl, combine remaining enchilada sauce and chiles, set aside. Divide the chicken mixture over the tortillas — approximately ¼ cup each. Roll each tortilla and place seam side down in the slow cooker. (I was able to fit 6 per layer, topping each layer with enchilada sauce.) Top with cheese. Cook on low for 3 to 4 hours.
Recipe courtesy of Spendwithpennies.com
Visit alexandrafloersch.areavoices.com for more recipes including Skinny Slow Cooker Creamy Chicken, Crock-Pot Chicken Cordon Bleu and Slow Cooker Taco Soup.
Related articles:
‘Blue Jasmine' home can now be yours for $5M Call it the house of lies. Or, if you've seen Woody Allen's highly acclaimed film “Blue Jasmine,” you can call it the home of Dwight, Peter Sarsgaard's love-struck character. A...
New York featured in many Oscar-nominated films The Big Apple played a starring role in six films up for Oscars this year. They range from Woody Allen's “Blue Jasmine'' to Martin Scorsese's “The Wolf of Wall Street”...
Photo: Alex Cranz (Gizmodo)
We all want our tech to stay secure, but we also want a life that's easy and convenient—and sometimes the two don't fit together all that well. These are some of the ways you're putting your devices at risk, perhaps without even realizing it, and what you can do to stop it.
1) Watching TV and movies illegally
Photo: HBO
Advertisement
We probably don't need to tell you about the various ways you can access blockbuster movies, live sports, and the latest TV shows for free, even when you should be paying to access them—run a quick web search if you need a refresher.
But whatever attracts a big crowd—like a free, illegal stream of a premium show—also attracts the malware writers. Whether you're streaming or downloading something illicitly, you're putting your trust in whoever provides the material and the means of delivery. If content is being offered for free, ask yourself what's funding the operation.
That's not to say all streaming sites or torrent programs are dodgy, or even the majority of them; but it is fair to say that people with an interest in infecting your devices with viruses and malware know all the tricks for attracting clicks. And one of those tricks is to wrap malicious code inside something very tempting, like a browser plug-in for watching new movies for free.
Advertisement
Screenshot: Gizmodo
It's difficult to say exactly how risky this is but the research suggests your device becomes significantly more vulnerable. What's more, getting pirated content often involves installing extra software on your system, software that's typically granted a lot of control over what happens over your internet connection. That can also leave you exposed.
The best way to avoid the threat is to pay for your what you watch through the official channels. You can be sure that the files you're dealing with are legitimate and safe, and you can be sure that the apps used to deliver the video are above boarded too.
Advertisement
If you must venture into grayer areas, be very picky about the services and apps you deal with, and make sure your devices are locked tight with reputable anti-malware protection. Keep the extra software and extensions you install down to a minimum, and keep the existing software on your devices right up to date.
2) Sharing your accounts with other people
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Advertisement
From your parents knowing your Netflix login details to your partner having access to your email account, sharing account details is commonplace. Besides the threat of getting booted off whatever service it is if the practice is frowned upon, you're also making your accounts and devices more vulnerable in general.
You may well have plenty of top-notch security apps running on your laptop, but do your cousins? You might know the difference between a dodgy pop-up message and a genuine OS alert, but do your parents? The more devices that your accounts are being used on, the more exposed your account information is, whether we're talking about Instagram accounts or streaming services. It's as simple as that.
Make absolutely sure you know who has your login details and keep the list as short as you possibly can (changing a password is a quick way of starting again from scratch). Also, keep an eye out for suspicious activity (like unrecognized logins), and take action if required—you can check on recent activity on your Netflix account on this page, for example.
Advertisement
3) Using short PIN codes and pattern unlock
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Advertisement
Having any kind of lock on your device is much better than leaving it open for anyone who walks past to use, but some locking mechanisms are more secure than others. Using a 4-digit PIN might mean less tapping for your fingers, but a 6-digit PIN means a brute force attack has 990,000 extra combinations to try.
In fact, you probably want to go to 8 or even more digits to make hacking into your handset as hard as possible. Android lets you go up to 16 characters (under Screen lock in Security in Settings), while on iOS the limit is 37 characters (tap Touch ID & Passcode or Face ID & Passcode from Settings).
As we've written before, a long PIN code is actually the most secure way of locking your phone—unlike biometrics, it can't be spoofed, and it can't be guessed. PIN numbers are certainly much more secure than patterns, which thanks to our predictability as humans are pretty easy to guess. If a hacker has covert video of you unlocking your phone, a pattern lock can be cracked in five goes.
Advertisement
4) Practising poor USB security
Viruses and other malware love installing themselves over USB sticks, running infectious code as soon as you plug the drive into your computer. That means you need to be very careful with any USB device that you haven't just bought new and unpacked from sealed packaging.
Advertisement
Cloud sharing services mean we're not relying as much on these little drives as we used to, but you'll still come across plenty of them at work, in school, or with friends. You absolutely should not be plugging in random USB devices that you've found left somewhere or when you're not 100 percent sure of the origins.
As well as having malware hidden on the drive, USB stick firmware can also be infected with malicious payloads. If you can use an alternative method of transferring files or loading programs then use it; otherwise, make sure all your USB drives are coming from trusted sources, and absolutely do not plug a drive without into a computer without comprehensive security software installed on it.
5) Leaving your webcam and mic uncovered
Photo: Alex Cranz (Gizmodo)
Advertisement
If it's good enough for Mark Zuckerberg, it's good enough for you: We can't be absolutely sure that someone is spying on you through your computer's webcam and microphone, but if those ports are blocked off with some tape, that kind of surveillance is going to be a lot harder to pull off.
Some webcams now have privacy shields built in, so if that's the case on your laptop or desktop, make sure you're taking advantage. Otherwise, any kind of home-made solution will do—if you think you're going to be making some video calls in the near future, make sure it's something temporary (like tape) that can be easily removed.
You might not think that anyone would have much of an interest staring at you as you stare at your computer screen all day, but we know that these hacks happen, and can have some serious consequences. It's not worth taking the risk when applying an effective fix is so straightforward.
Advertisement
6) Not updating your software
Screenshot: Gizmodo
Advertisement
There's never a good time to install a software update, we all know that, but by putting off the latest upgrades you're putting your gadgets at risk—keeping everything updated, from the operating system to your installed applications, is absolutely the best way of making sure that you stay safe.
We're not just talking about small patches either. We're also talking about, for example, sticking with your Windows XP machine because it works fine and is already paid for—an upgrade might be inconvenient and expensive but in terms of security it could be priceless. So many of the big hacking attacks are successful because they exploit loopholes in older software.
Luckily for us users, it's getting harder and harder to avoid automatic updates, from iOS to Spotify for Windows. Switch on automatic updates wherever you can, opt to install updates when they arrive (your work can probably wait ten minutes), and don't let the software on your main devices get so old that you're putting them at serious risk.
This is where UFC misses ridiculous Jon Jones The UFC, once again, is waiting on one of its stars. In this case, it's Jon Jones, the mercurial light heavyweight who is currently serving a suspension after testing positive...
UFC's next big show just got ruined UFC 206 in Toronto just took a major hit. Light heavyweight champion Daniel Cormier has been forced out of their upcoming fight against Anthony “Rumble” Johnson on Dec. 10 due...
Jets coach leaves the door open for Bryce Petty to start Bryce Petty's first career NFL start became a possibility Friday, when Jets coach Todd Bowles said Ryan Fitzpatrick would be a game-time decision against the Rams on Sunday. Fitzpatrick still...
Conor McGregor nips Nate Diaz in UFC classic: Trilogy next? LAS VEGAS — Conor McGregor knocked Nate Diaz down twice over the first two rounds of their much-anticipated pay-per-view showdown at UFC 202 at T-Mobile Arena Saturday night. Each time,...
McGregor-Diaz water bottle throwdown: How it hurts UFC LAS VEGAS — UFC light heavyweight contender Anthony “Rumble” Johnson wasn't surprised Nate Diaz and Conor McGregor got into a water bottle throwing contest Wednesday that turned a press conference...
KABUL, Afghanistan — The U.S. military says that an American soldier has died as a result of injuries sustained during a vehicle incident in eastern Afghanistan.
A statement released by the U.S. forces on Tuesday says that two other American service members were injured in the incident, which took place in eastern Nangarhar province on Monday.
According to the statement, the U.S. forces were not in contact with enemy forces at the time. It says the injured soldiers are receiving medical treatment.
The statement added that U.S. Gen. John Nicholson, commander of the U.S. troops in Afghanistan, expressed their deepest sympathies and prayers to the families and friends of the fallen and injured service members.
It provides no further information. The military did not identify the dead service member.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
A bill expected to pass the Irish parliament next week prohibiting “the import and sales of goods, services and natural resources originating in illegal settlements in occupied territories” is immoral, the Israeli embassy in Ireland said Wednesday.
The embassy is “concerned by bills that further the divisions between Israel and the Palestinians,” the embassy said in a statement.
The Irish Government has always condemned construction of illegal settlements. But this Bill asks Irish govt to do something it is not legally empowered to do - trade is an EU competence, not an Irish one. FF knows this - so this move is both opportunist and irresponsible. — Simon Coveney (@simoncoveney) July 3, 2018
Thanks for the support @RogerWaters The Occupied Territories Bill 2018 is in Seanad Éireann on July 11th - time for Ireland to take the lead, stand up for justice in #Palestine & end trade in #SettlementGoods https://t.co/j6Ob8hF4Sw — Frances Black (@frances_black) July 1, 2018
“Legislation, which promotes a boycott of any kind, should be rejected as it does nothing to achieve peace but rather empowers the Hamas terrorists as well as those Palestinians who refuse to come to the negotiating table,” the embassy continued.“Closing doors will not in any way facilitate Ireland's role and influence,” it stated. “There are direct parties to the conflict. Boycotting one of them will not do any good and is immoral.”The main opposition party Fianna Fáil decided Tuesday evening to back the bill, pretty much ensuring passage. The bill received enthusiastic backing last week at a Dublin concert by the fanatically anti-israel former Pink Floyd artist Roger Waters.Fianna Fáil's Niall Collins, the party's spokesperson on foreign affairs, told the online Irish newspaper TheJournali.ie that they and a colleague “traveled to Israel and Palestine to see at first hand the reality of what is happening on the ground” before taking a view on the bill.“Having done that and having met with a wide range of agencies and groups, it is my view that Ireland passing the Occupied Territories Bill has the potential to send a strong message that the issue of illegal settlements is being taken seriously and needs to be addressed,” they said.Ireland's Foreign Minister Simon Coveney was in Israel last month. Earlier this year they expressed reservations about the bill, saying that while it would send “an important signal to the the Palestinian people,” it would not enhance Ireland's international position.On Tuesday they tweeted opposition to the bill, writing: “The Irish Government has always condemned construction of illegal settlements. But this Bill asks Irish government to do something it is not legally empowered to do - trade is an EU competence, not an Irish one. FF [Fiana Fáil] knows this - so this move is both opportunist and irresponsible.”The bill's sponsor, an Independent parliamentarian named Francis Black, tweeted in response that they had two legal opinions disputing Coveney's claim. “I believe if we wait for EU leadership, we could be waiting forever,” they wrote.In a tweet on Sunday, Black thanked Waters for their support, and wrote that it was “time for Ireland to take the lead, stand up for justice in #Palestine & end trade in #SettlementGoods.”The move comes amid calls in Ireland to boycott next year's Eurovision song contest scheduled to be held in Israel. Though Fianna Fáil will support the bill against the settlements, it is unlikely to support a Eurovision boycott, its leader Micheál Martin was quoted as saying.Martin, asked about the Eurovision boycott in TheJournal.ie, said they have “never been a boycott fan,” and that “I think the Eurovision is neither here nor there to be frank in terms of the profound crisis that Palestine represents, particularly Gaza.”Ireland, along with Sweden and Spain, are considered among the fiercest critics and most unsympathetic countries toward Israel inside the EU.In 2015, the EU issued guidelines for labeling products from the settlements, but stopped short of calling for a boycott.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) A majority of American adults have tried marijuana at least once in their lives, according to a new Marist poll that was conducted in partnership with Yahoo.
The poll found that 52 percent of U.S. adults have tried marijuana at least once and 56 percent of Americans find the drug “socially acceptable.”
While eight out of 10 Americans strongly support legalizing medical marijuana, there is a clear divide over the legalization of recreational marijuana; Forty-nine percent of American adults support legalization while 47 percent oppose it.
Dr. Donald Abrams, an oncologist at University of California San Francisco who has studied marijuana, said the high percentage of people in favor of medicinal marijuana is not surprising.
Many “have had family members or friends who have benefited from the use medicinally,” Abrams said. “I hear it all the time.”
The poll comes as more states are legalizing both recreational and medicinal marijuana. California was the first state to legalize medical marijuana in 1996 and today 29 states have laws providing for medicinal marijuana or cannabis and eight states have passed laws legalizing recreational use of the drug in some form.
Despite more people having access to the drug, just 14 percent of Americans over the age of 18 say they use marijuana regularly or at least once or twice a month. The poll also finds that a stigma is still associated with the drug.
Overall, 70 percent of poll respondents believe their parents would be unhappy to learn they were using marijuana recreationally.
In comparison, the poll found that 58 percent of parents think their children would disapprove if they found out their mother or father enjoyed marijuana recreationally.
Just 39 percent of parents say their children have tried or currently uses marijuana.
That number is almost true in reverse, with just 36 percent of Americans saying at least one parent has tried or regularly uses marijuana.
Ethan Nadelmann, executive director of the non-profit Drug Policy Alliance, which focuses on drug policy reform, said some parents may hide recreational drug use over concerns they will set a bad example.
“You go to someone's house … you have the parents share a joint and down the hall the teenager will share a joint and neither will know,” they said.
Nadelmann said that changes in how marijuana is ingested may also contribute to how people view the drug.
“As marijuana has been accepted medically, it's less about the marijuana high,” Nadelmann said, pointing out that people may now increasingly see elderly family members use the drug to help cope with a variety of ailments.
Americans do have concerns about the health risks of marijuana, but those concerns pale in comparison to concerns over cigarettes and alcohol. Fifty-one percent of Americans think consumption of marijuana is a health risk. However, far more Americans say drinking alcohol regularly (72 percent) is a threat to health over regular marijuana use (20 percent.)
More Americans also think that regular tobacco use (76 percent) is far more risky than regular marijuana use (18 percent.)
The poll was done by surveying 1,122 adults between March 1 through March 7 of this year. The Marist Poll was sponsored and funded in partnership with Yahoo. Results are statistically significant within ±2.9 percentage points.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Time for spring cleaning has arrived—and that includes your medicine cabinet.
Community Partnership of the Ozarks is teaming up with pharmacies and law enforcement to set up a free and safe way for people in the community to dispose of unused or expired medications.
The event will begin on Saturday at 10 a.m. and disposal locations will be open until 2 p.m.
Organizers say it's important to get rid of old medication so it doesn't end up in the wrong hands. Melody Salvey, one of the event organizers, says disposing of medications and keeping them locked away is crucial in eliminating the opportunity for someone to abuse them.
“People that have problems with medication abuse they say that's what they do,” Salvey says. “They go to friends and relatives and look in their medicine cabinets. So, you don't want to be a part of that, you don't want to play into this opioid crisis that we have. We highly suggest that, if you do have medications at home, you keep them in a lockbox.”
Professionals also know how to dispose of foe drugs in a way that keeps them from contaminating the water supply.
The take-back locations will not accept inhalers, glass containers, or sharp objects like needles or scalpels.
Last fall over 4,700 pounds of medications were collected from 27 sites.
There are six drop-off locations in Springfield:
•Alps Pharmacy, 2650 W. Kearney
•Georges Pharmacy, 3650 E. Sunshine
•Mercy Smith Glynn Callaway, 3231 S. National 1st Floor
•Medicine Store, 1302 E. Sunshine
•Walgreens, 2681 W. Republic
•Lawrence Drug & Compounding Lab, 1454 E. Republic
In addition to these locations, you can search by zip code for take-back events happening in other communities across Southwest Missouri at takebackday.dea.gov.
Mercedes' new driver announcement is imminent, with Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas expected to replace retired world champion Nico Rosberg alongside Lewis Hamilton.
The team made clear before the Christmas break that they would have nothing to say before the full return to work on Tuesday.
There is evidence, however, to suggest the decision is all but made.
According to the motorsport.com website, Bottas was at the Mercedes factory at Brackley before Christmas to meet team engineers and try out the cockpit of the 2017 car.
Bottas has raced for Mercedes-powered Williams since their Formula One debut in 2013 and Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff, a former Williams shareholder, has also been involved with the 27-year-old's management team.
The Finn is the bookmakers' favourite to replace Rosberg, who quit unexpectedly last month only five days after winning their first title, but other elements may need to slide into place before a deal can be announced.
One would be for Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa to agree to abandon their announced retirement and return to Williams as Bottas's replacement.
Claire Williams, deputy principal of the team founded by their father, indicated last month that Williams would be open to Bottas leaving if "an experienced, credible alternative was available" - such as the 35-year-old Massa.
Pascal Wehrlein, the 22-year-old Mercedes reserve driver who might have expected to take Rosberg's place but lacks experience, is another piece of the jigsaw.
The young German raced for tail-enders Manor last year, scoring the only point for a financially-challenged team whose future remains uncertain, but is expected to join Ferrari-engined Sauber alongside Sweden's Marcus Ericsson.
Wolff, in their final words to the team before the break, gave no clues but emphasised that Mercedes' best interests would always come first.
"Our position in the spotlight puts every decision taken and every word spoken under an intense microscope," said the Austrian. "They are debated passionately among our fans and interpreted by the media.
"But there has been enough talking, now. This is the period for calm and considered reflection, to savour our achievements and prepare for the next campaign."
With testing due to start in Spain late next month, ahead of the opening race in Australia on March 26, the factories are now entering their busiest period. The time for reflection is coming to an end.
More Videos
1:41 Charlotte Hornets Marvin Williams talks about their rehab from ankle sprain
1:14 Charlotte Hornets' Marvin Williams on their ankle sprain
1:13 Charlotte Hornets | Cody Zeller update
1:09 Charlotte Hornets coach Steve Clifford on Kemba Walker
3:13 Here's what Charlotte Hornets guard Kemba Walker said about the possibility of a trade
1:36 Charlotte Hornets' Nicolas Batum speaks about Kemba Walker's value to team
0:43 Charlotte Hornets' Kemba Walker opens up about trade deadline
0:52 Charlotte Hornets coach Steve Clifford: What this team need now to win
1:05 Hornets Stephen Silas says they are a better coach now after subbing for Steve Clifford
0:59 Dwight Howard is excited about the return of Charlotte Hornets coach Steve Clifford
3:33 Charlotte Hornets coach Steve Clifford discusses their illness in exclusive interview
0:34 Here's what Hornets center Cody Zeller said about their knee rehab
NORWOOD, Mass. — The Fourth of July holiday is a time when many Americans like to break out the patriotic displays, but Arthur McCann takes it to another level.
The Norwood resident has transformed their front lawn on Earle Street into a red, white and blue American flag complete with 50 stars and 13 stripes. They used field paint, stencils and measuring tape to get the job done.
“If you're going to do it, you have to do it right,” McCann said.
They tell WBZ-TV that they come from a patriotic family, with a grandfather who served in World War II, and wants to show respect for veterans and others serving their country.
“I just love America and the freedom and opportunities it gives and I love to be creative,” McCann said.
McCann has a big Independence Day party ever year. They said the response to the lawn flag from those in town “is through the roof.”
“I'm blown away. People stand on the roof of their car and take pictures with their kids here,” they said. “It's so cool to see a good, positive response.”
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Antonio McCrary recalls the day well. It was March 29, 2016. A fire ripped through their barbershop on 38th Street and Keystone Avenue.
“I remembered my mother said, ‘You can only go up from here,'” said McCrary.
An electrical fire destroyed the building. McCrary received a spot at a nearby shop cutting hair. After a little over a year, they opened the MillionHaires Barbering Academy.
The academy is located in the heart of the Avondale Meadows area, which is seeing some resurgence lately.
The community boasts one of the top high schools in the state, along with a multimillion dollar YMCA facility and a Save-A-Lot.
McCrary's academy adds to the fabric that makes up the community.
The Academy has room for fifty students who want to become licensed barbers.
For more information, call 463-221-1544.
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill have announced plans for their joint album together. The project will feature a lead-off single titled “The Rest of Our Life” and the pair broke the news in various social media posts this week. “Our first album together is going to be here Nov. 17!” Hill, 50, tweeted. “New single & video for ‘The Rest of Our Life is out today.” McGraw also hit Twitter about the new album writing: “Excited to announce our new album and new single . . . Thanx for being a part of our journey.” It's just the most recent collaboration for the pair, who also recently worked on the track “Keep Your Eyes on Me,” for the film The Shack. Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
BREAKING: Lagos Confirms Plans To Execute Rev. King And Others On Death Row
There are very strong indications that the Lagos State Government will soon execute the General-Overseer of the Christian Praying Assembly, CPA, Chukwuemeka Ezeugo, a.k.a Rev. King, and others on death row in Lagos prisons.
PM News is reporting today that barring any last minute change of plans, King and all those who have been on death roll for long are among those set to have a date with the hangman's noose.
The online newspaper quoted the state's Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice Adeniji Kazeem as confirming the development on Tuesday while speaking at a ministerial press conference.
Kazeem said: “Very soon, you will see the action of this government on that issues, we are reviewing the case on Rev. King and others on death roll.” “Lots of people are on death row, Rev. King is not the only one on death row, it is on the instruction of Ambode that I visited the prisons recently and I discuss the issue with the prison officials and they expressed concern.” “We are moving in that direction of signing. The prison officials said we need to look at that seriously. Those on death row are beginning to think they have some rights. We are going to move in that direction, you will hear from me, but I will not tell you the exact date.”
The Supreme court had on 27 February, 2016 upheld the judgment of the Appeal Court which passed death penalty on King, saying the condemned reverend must die by hanging.
The post BREAKING: Lagos Confirms Plans To Execute Rev. King And Others On Death Row appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Getty Images
The restaurant sector is hardly sizzling at the moment.
Last month burger chain Byron agreed a rescue plan with lenders and landlords which could lead to the closure of up to 20 restaurants.
Also in January, Jamie's Italian announced that it was to close six of its 42 restaurants.
And since the beginning of 2015, shares in the Restaurant Group, which owns Frankie and Bennys and Garfunkels, have tumbled 65%.
So what's causing the gloom?
Serial entrepreneur Luke Johnson, who helped expand Pizza Express in the 1990s, says the whole of the food sector in the UK is under pressure at the moment.
Businesses in the sector are having to pay the new living wage, the apprenticeship levy, and deal with "upwards-only rent reviews," they say.
Mr Johnson, who among their many business interests is the chairperson of casual-dining chain 3Sixty Restaurants, adds that "food and ingredients costs are affecting the whole eating-out market".
That is certainly the case for Jamie's Italian, which said the rising price of ingredients was partly behind its troubles.
It buys many ingredients from Italy and they have become more expensive due to the slide in the value of the pound since Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
Image copyright Getty Images
Roger Tejwani, head of consumer sector at stockbrokers Finncap, says there are just too many restaurants.
"There is too much capacity in the market with consumers having a considerable amount of choice," they say.
They say there needs to be a big decrease in the number of outlets some chains have.
Customers have so much choice that there is little loyalty, and social media lets people be more aware of a wider range of food, Mr Tejwani says.
Fast-casual restaurant firms have to work hard to persuade people to spend - especially as people are already spending more on experiences.
"They are all competing against each other and other forms of entertainment," they say.
So to win customers restaurant chains have had to discount, making life even tougher.
Social scene
Mr Tejwani argues that restaurants need to move with the times and start taking account of consumer technology.
Younger customers expect to be able to document what they are doing and "want to be seen in a cool place", which means restaurants have to be "Instagrammable", they say.
Image copyright Getty Images
Creating that cool environment will require investment, and there's less of that to go around, says Mr Johnson.
"The banks are pulling in debt lines where they can," they say, while private equity is also getting harder to come by.
Brexit blues
Uncertainties caused by the Brexit process are having an impact on the casual dining sector as a whole, according to consultancy firm Deloitte.
Consumer confidence steadily fell throughout 2017, putting a squeeze on spending on non-essential items, says Deloitte.
"2018 is going to be a challenging year for restaurants, and they will need a tightly-run ship to survive," says Sarah Humphreys, lead partner for casual dining at Deloitte.
"Consumer tastes such as healthy eating, sustainable food sourcing and informal or experiential dining should not be ignored.
"Operators should consider how adaptable their models are to changing tastes, or else face the risk of missing out," they say.
Consumer spending in general took a hit in 2017, having its worst year since 2012, according to payments processor Visa.
That's partly because wages have been rising at a slower pace than inflation, leaving consumers worse off.
Taking out
Food delivery firms such as Just Eat and Deliveroo are a double-edged sword for the sector. They can increase sales, and on balance, they increase profit, says Ms Humphreys.
But they can put pressure on restaurants if there's not enough staff to fill the takeaway orders and keep the customers in the restaurant happy, says Mr Tejwani.
There are other downsides. Food delivery firms charge a high commission for delivery, and also restaurants lose the opportunity to sell profitable extras like drinks.
However, Luke Johnson says that while the market is "tough" at the moment, they remain hopeful for the sector.
"Generally the speaking the industry remains in reasonable health… I'm sure it will remain profitable in five to ten years' time," they say.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lana Del Rey was appearing at the Amway Center in Orlando
Police in the US state of Florida have arrested a man they say made threats to kidnap the singer Lana Del Rey.
The man was carrying a knife when they were arrested near the Amway Center in Orlando where the singer had been due to perform, officials said.
Police said Michael Hunt, 43, faces charges of aggravated stalking with a credible threat, and attempted kidnapping with a weapon.
They were reported to have made "cryptic and threatening" posts on social media.
The incident happened on Friday evening but was only made public on Saturday.
Orlando Police Department (OPD) said officers received a tip-off earlier on Friday and arrested Mr Hunt at Hughey Avenue and Central Boulevard.
"When they were taken into custody, Hunt was in possession of tickets to the Lana Del Rey performance and a knife," a statement said.
It added that at no time had Mr Hunt come into contact with the 32-year-old singer, whose real name is Elizabeth Grant.
"On Friday, OPD determined this was a credible threat and worked swiftly to ensure the safety of everyone involved and of everyone who attended the show," police added.
Mr Hunt is being held in custody at Orange County Jail.
The U.S. Marine Corps is pausing flight operations after an aircraft crash in Australia last weekend in which three U.S. Marines went missing.
Gen. Robert B. Neller, commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps, directed all aviation units to conduct an “operational reset” for a 24 hour-period, where aviation units will be grounded and officials will conduct a top-to-bottom review “to focus on the fundamentals of safe flight operations, standardization, and combat readiness.”
The move comes after three Marines went missing and are presumed dead after their aircraft crashed into the sea off the eastern coast of Australia during landing last week.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Search suspended for 3 missing Marines in Osprey aircraft crash 2:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The reset is expected to begin within the next two weeks, officials said.
“The intent is for flying squadrons to review selected incidents which occurred enterprise-wide and study historical examples of completed investigations in order to bring awareness and best practices to the fleet,” according to a statement from the U.S. Marine Corps.
Aircraft deployed to war zones or other areas could be exempt from the stand down if they have operational requirements, officials said.
This is not an uncommon move. It is viewed as “responsible step” for units to study best practices and procedures, officials said in a statement.
The aircraft, which was in Australia for a joint military training exercise held by the two countries, launched from the USS Bonhomme Richard (LHD 6) and was conducting regularly-scheduled operations when it crashed into the waters.
Twenty-three of the 26 personnel aboard the Osprey heli-plane were rescued.
Officials deployed resources to search for the remaining service members, but the search-and-rescue was suspended on Sunday and operations have since shifted to a recovery effort.
The Osprey has had a spotty history and was involved in a number of crashes in recent years.
CORRECTION (Aug. 11, 2017, 6:15 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the country where the crash took place. It was in Australia, not Austria
A car accident sent one man to the hospital in Wichita Falls Saturday. (Source: RNN)
A car accident sent one man to the hospital in Wichita Falls Saturday.
Just before noon, a man was driving on 9th Street near Harrison Street. Another car started moving into their lane. They swerved in response and lost control of the vehicle and crashed into a light-pole.
Although police say there were no visible injuries to the man, they were taken to the hospital as a precaution.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
Image copyright UJA Federation of Greater Toronto Image caption Barry and Honey Sherman
The killing of a wealthy Canadian couple made headlines around the world. Then the news they had been found hanging by men's belts next to their indoor pool, with no apparent motive, deepened the intrigue. So who were Barry and Honey Sherman?
In an unpublished 1996 memoir, Barry Sherman wrote they had "always been very conscious of my personal mortality".
Their unfinished musings, only made public because of a court case Sherman's strong beliefs - there is no God, free will is an illusion, and life has "no meaning or purpose".
But Sherman thought their memoirs may one day be of interest to others - a "perhaps arrogant belief", they wrote.
Now, the text offers some insight into a couple whose mysterious deaths have captured worldwide interest and left those who knew them grief-stricken and dumbfounded.
In mid-December, 75-year-old Barry and their wife Honey, 70, were found dead in their Toronto home.
Police confirmed this month their death is being investigated as a "targeted" double murder. They were found strangled, fully clothed on the deck of their indoor pool, hanging by belts.
Authorities have so far offered no suspects and no motive for the suspected killings.
More than 10,000 people, including Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, attended the funeral.
The turnout was unsurprising - the Shermans had amassed a personal fortune estimated at $3bn. They had touched much of Canada, whether through the impact on Canadian healthcare of Apotex, Inc, the generic drug empire Barry founded, or through the millions they gave away in philanthropy.
At their funeral, their son Jonathon called them "yin and yang".
"They completed a circle that encompassed everything important about what it means to be human," they said. "Neither one perfect but together wholly balanced and exceptional."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Jonathon Sherman gave a moving eulogy at the memorial service of their parents
Barry was a self-described workaholic, someone who brought business files with them on vacation. They were an ardent atheist, an aggressive business person and a loving, though often absent father.
Honey was warm, the "magnet and the glue" that held the family together, an inveterate party animal who refused to let a bout of throat cancer or painful arthritis get in the way of either a good time or their charity work.
Honey Sherman grew up in modest circumstances, born to two Polish Holocaust survivors who later immigrated to Canada.
Barry Sherman was born in Toronto in 1942, and though they didn't excel at school early on, it was clear they were a brainy child.
They joined the University of Toronto's engineering science programme at 16 - the youngest ever student to do so - and went on to study aeronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The couple were introduced in August 1970, and married almost exactly a year later.
Where Honey was gregarious, Barry could be aloof and lack in social graces.
At the couple's funeral, Honey's sister Mary said they were unimpressed with their sibling's beau at first sight.
"He was standing at our kitchen. There they were reading the paper, ignoring everyone, being Barry. And all I could think was 'my sister's going out with this? What's the deal?'" they recalled.
"And then over time I saw that they were the most brilliant, wonderful, kind man."
The couple had four children, three through surrogacy after Honey had a series of miscarriages.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mourners place flowers outside the Shermans' home
The pair depended on each other.
Honey would make sure Barry was dressed properly for events and galas, picking out their clothes down to theirs socks.
At the funeral, Jonathon remembered their father on a family trip "driving around in a jeep in Israel looking for mom's lost wallet, and their lost keys, and their lost sunglasses, and their jacket too".
"You were like a lock and a key, each pretty useless on your own. But together you unlocked the whole world for yourselves, and for us, and so many others."
The Shermans' philanthropy created an undeniable legacy.
They donated multiple millions of dollars to hospitals, Jewish organisations, universities, and charities like the United Way.
A state-of-the-art research university facility in Toronto bears their name, as does a Jewish community centre campus.
Through its foundation, Apotex has also donated over C$50m ($40m; £28m) around the world, including sending medicine to a children's charity in Kenya.
But the billionaires didn't flaunt their wealth, despite being among the richest Canadians.
Honey told Toronto Life magazine in 2008 the couple "live nice lives, not large lives" and worried about the influence of their wealth on their children, saying they worked hard to instil in them a "sense of reality".
Barry was known to drive cars until they were ready for the junkyard, and met the magazine's reporter at the Apotex headquarters wearing a wrinkled shirt and "well-worn trousers".
"[Barry] didn't care about things - making money was a way of keeping score," says Murray Rubin, who was friends with Barry for some 50 years.
Image copyright AFP PHOTO/APOTEX Image caption Mr Sherman founded the company in 1974
Rubin calls Barry the smartest guy they ever knew.
They learned the drug business from family, working at their uncle's pharmaceutical company before founding Apotex in 1974.
Barry told the New York Times in 2006 that they did "everything in those days from cleaning the floor to writing the cheques".
The generic drug-mogul also earned a reputation for using the courts freely to build their company and defend their business interests.
Apotex has been involved in more than a thousand court cases in Canada, using the legal system to aggressively challenge drug patents.
"It definitely makes it the most litigious pharma company in Canada and probably the most litigious company period," says University of Ottawa law professor Amir Attaran.
"It's fair to observe the way they did business they would have had many enemies," they say.
Canadians pay some of the highest prices in the world for generic drugs, and Attaran argues Sherman's business practices contributed to that.
"He was unethical in business. Their drugs were overpriced and gouged Canadians," they said on Twitter.
Apotex did not respond to a request for comment.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Barry Sherman grew Apotex into a company with over 10,000 employees
Rubin says their friend was "as a person, very gentle. As a business person, very tough".
Barry was also involved in a couple of long-running, very public conflicts.
In the 1990s, Apotex became embroiled in a high-profile and protracted dust-up with a haematologist at Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children over negative research results related to one of the company's drugs.
When the researcher, Dr Nancy Olivieri, said they needed to disclose the risk to patients involved in the trials, Apotex, which disputed the results, pulled the trials and threatened legal action if they divulged those potential risks.
They did anyway. Sherman was later recorded calling their "nuts" when discussing the case with CBS's 60 Minutes.
In September, they scored a victory in another lengthy feud, this over a group of cousins who alleged they breached an agreement that entitled them to a 20% stake in Apotex.
An Ontario Superior Court judge dismissed the C$1bn lawsuit, though that ruling is being appealed.
The acrimonious battle, which played out in court and in the press for over a decade, included Sherman suing the cousin who spearheaded the fight to recover some C$8m in loans.
The bad blood spilled into the press again in the wake of Barry and Honey's death.
Rubin says while Barry was tough, they can't comprehend who would kill them and Honey with such "hatred".
"I can't believe that my friend Barry... would die in this horrible way," they said. "The riddle is - who did it and why?"
Gasoline demand at the pump hit a record level in March that's typically seen during the summer driving season, motoring and leisure travel membership organization AAA said Monday.
The Energy Information Administration data show that U.S. motor gasoline product supplied, which offers a gauge of demand, rose to 9.64 million barrels a day for week ended March 9, from roughly 9.28 million barrels a day a week earlier.
The latest EIA report shows gasoline demand at “levels typical of summer months, not the first quarter of a year,” with exports continuing to “trend high, accounting for a large chunk of this week's demand data, according to AAA.
“As demand strengthened, gasoline inventories declined, pushing the national gas price average two cents more expensive on the week to $2.55,” said Jeanette Casselano, a spokesperson for AAA. The EIA reported on Wednesday a hefty 6.3 million-barrel decline in weekly U.S. motor gasoline inventories, as crude CLJ8, -0.29% stockpiles jumped by 5 million barrels.
The national gas price average is also two cents more than a month ago, and 26 cents higher than this time last year, said Casselano.
Among the most expensive states for gasoline were Hawaii at $3.50, California at $3.41 and Alaska at $3.07, AAA said.
Looking ahead, Patrick DeHaan, head of petroleum analysis at gas price tracker GasBuddy, said gasoline prices are likely to continue moving higher in the coming weeks “as demand continues to recover from the winter blues and the transition to summer gasoline kicks into high gear.”
They expect gas prices this spring to “come in some 10%-25% higher than a year ago, removing billions of dollars from other areas of the economy that will instead be funneled to the pump.”
What if all your company's computers and applications were connected directly to the Internet? That was the assumption behind BeyondCorp, a new model for network security that Google proposed back in 2014, and it's one that's starting to get some attention from networking and security vendors.
Enterprises have moved beyond the traditional workspace in recent years, allowing employees to work remotely by using their personal devices and accessing apps in private or public clouds. To bring roaming workers back into the fold, under the security blanket of their local networks, companies rely on VPNs and endpoint software to enforce network access controls.
Google's BeyondCorp approach to enterprise security takes the focus away from the network perimeter and puts it on devices and users. It doesn't assign higher or lower levels of trust to devices based on whether they're inside the internal network or not.
Some security vendors have already started to embrace this no-trust-by-default security model. Duo Security, a two-factor authentication provider launched its own BeyondCorp-inspired offering last week, and enterprise software startup ScaleFT has had dynamic access management service based on the same principles for a while.
Even networking and security appliance manufacturers like Cisco Systems have begun moving what were traditionally perimeter security gateways into the cloud to better serve roaming employees.
Duo Security's new Duo Beyond service consists of a software package that serves as an authentication gateway for all of a company's web-based applications, whether they're hosted inside the local network or in the cloud. It can be deployed in the company network's demilitarized zone (DMZ) and provides a single sign-on service that enforces device and user-based access policies.
Duo Beyond assumes a zero-trust environment for all devices by default, regardless of whether they're connecting from within the enterprise network or from the outside. That said, it does provide administrators with the ability to differentiate between corporate devices and personal devices by deploying Duo certificates to those that are managed by the company.
This device identification process has several benefits. It allows for the easy discovery of new devices that are used to access corporate applications, which helps companies create and maintain accurate inventories that include employees' personal devices. It also allows restricting access to certain applications or accounts to company-managed devices where a certain degree of security can be guaranteed.
The service can also check the security state of a connecting device by looking at whether it's running the latest OS and browser version, whether the browser plug-ins are up to date and, in the case of mobile devices, whether encryption and passcode enforcement are turned on. This allows administrators to create fine-grained access rules based on device "health" and ensure that only reasonably secure devices can access company applications, even if those devices are owned and managed by the employees themselves.
Duo Security doesn't expect customers to completely give up on VPNs if they deploy Duo Beyond, but based on the company's experience so far, customers can cut down VPN licensing costs by up to 80 percent. That's because most roaming employees only use VPN connections to access a few popular intranet web applications like Confluence, Jira or Sharepoint.
The Duo Beyond service is priced at $9 per user per month and includes everything in the company's older Duo Access service, plus the new certificate-based device identification and the mechanism for controlling which internal apps are accessible by remote users.
Moving towards a BeyondCorp security model, where the location of devices does not matter, can help companies avoid having to raise virtual walls inside their networks. Network segmentation, which relies on setting up firewalls and VLANs to restrict access to certain applications and services, is not easy to implement and can quickly become an administrative burden.
In fact, as evidenced by many publicly documented security breaches, attackers often succeed in moving laterally inside a network once they break in. Most hackers start with targeting low-level employees through phishing or other methods and then, once inside a network, jump from system to system, exploiting vulnerabilities and stealing access credentials along the way until they reach the organization's crown jewels.
Google's own network was breached in late 2009 as part of a cyberespionage campaign of Chinese origin known as Operation Aurora. The hackers, who started by targeting the company's employees, sought access to the Gmail accounts of human rights activists.
Other security vendors are embracing BeyondCorp too, and, while there are differences in the implementation, the general goal is the same: moving security beyond a strictly defined network perimeter.
Duo Beyond works only for web-based applications and its device insight technology is agentless. The information about a laptop's OS, browser and plug-ins is obtained through the browser itself.
This approach limits what kind of information can be gathered, but Duo believes that it strikes the right balance between security and usability, since convincing users to install company-mandated software on their personal devices can be problematic.
By comparison, another company called ScaleFT provides a BeyondCorp-inspired solution called Dynamic Access Management that works for SSH (Secure Shell) and RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol), remote access protocols for Linux and Windows servers. ScaleFT's service does require the installation of client software that synchronizes short-lived access certificates and handles device enrolment and local account creation.
Pushed by the need to address the issue of roaming employees, BYOD and software-as-a-service, some networking vendors have even started to move security appliances outside the network perimeter and into the cloud.
On Monday, Cisco Systems announced what it calls the first Secure Internet Gateway (SIG), which is based on the cloud-based OpenDNS Umbrella service that the company acquired in 2015.
"A SIG provides safe access to the internet anywhere users go, even when they are off the VPN," Cisco said in a blog post. "Before you connect to any destination, a SIG acts as your secure onramp to the internet and provides the first line of defense and inspection. Regardless of where users are located or what they're trying to connect to, traffic goes through the SIG first."
If this new way of thinking of enterprise security catches on it might even help speed up the adoption of IPv6, which is held back partly by fears that it could punch holes through network perimeters and because many companies still have old firewalls and equipment that don't have proper support for it.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Just in time for the Fourth of July holiday, visitors to the National Mall in Washington, D.C., have built a giant American flag out of LEGO bricks. The flag, spanning 16 feet by 31 feet, was put together by more than 2,800 people who stopped by the park starting on June 29, according to the Trust for the National Mall.
"We, the people, built this country and this flag made entirely out of LEGO bricks," the National Mall wrote on Twitter. The patriotic display is set up just in front of the Lincoln Memorial. One LEGO fan shared a time-lapse of the construction on YouTube.
The community building project is a part of the LEGO Americana Roadshow, a free traveling installation of LEGO replicas of iconic buildings and architectural structures. Visitors to the National Mall can also check out miniaturized versions of the park's structures, including the Lincoln Memorial, the Jefferson Memorial and the Washington Monument.
The 16 ft wide by 31 ft long LEGO mural of an American flag in front of the Lincoln Memorial.
JOY ASICO / AP IMAGES FOR THE LEGO GROUP
Copyright (c) 2018 CBS All Rights Reserved
SAN JOSE — A Southwest Airlines flight made an emergency landing at San Jose International Airport on Wednesday after experiencing a “mechanical difficulty,” an airport spokesperson said.
Flight 1250 departed San Francisco International Airport and was headed to Los Angeles International Airport when the emergency arose, said San Jose International Airport spokesperson Rosemary Barnes.
Get breaking news with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
Barnes referred questions about the mechanical difficulty to Southwest, which did not immediately return a call and email for comment.
The aircraft landed safely in San Jose at about 4:10 p.m. and taxied to a gate under its own power, said Barnes, adding that the emergency did not impact operations at the airport.
Check back for updates.
A section of Park Street between Lima and Hancock streets is the city's last brick-paved section of roadway, and as of Monday, crews working to install a new waterline were resigning it to the history books….
"You can always make a deal to move up," Grier said. "It's just always dependent on how much you want to give up. We're not going to reach or overextend for something."
If one of the top four quarterbacks slides to 11th, the Dolphins will probably pounce. Or they might opt for Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson.
Miami could wait until a later round to take a QB, and Luke Falk of Washington State might then be the choice.
DEFENSIVE HELP
The 2017 Dolphins allowed 24.6 points to rank fourth-worst in the NFL, and then released their best defensive player, five-time Pro Bowl tackle Ndamukong Suh.
That means defensive co-ordinator Matt Burke will be lobbying hard in the draft room for help. It could come in the first round from Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith, Virginia Tech linebacker Tremaine Edmunds or Washington defensive tackle Vita Vea.
OFFENSIVE HOLES
Last season's Dolphins averaged 17.6 points to rank fifth-worst, and then parted with receiver Jarvis Landry and centre Mike Pouncey, each a three-time Pro Bowler. Miami shored up those positions in free agency, but needs a starting tight end and help at guard and running back, and will try to address those needs in the middle rounds.
ANNOUNCING SELECTIONS
Eighteen seniors from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and the family of assistant football coach Aaron Feis will announce the Dolphins' picks from the team complex on the third day of the draft. Feis was among 17 people killed in the shooting at the school in February.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
This is the third draft together for Tannenbaum, Grier and Gase, and the biggest bust in recent years precedes them. It was defensive end Dion Jordan, the No. 3 overall pick in 2013. Violations of the league's substance abuse policy limited them to one start and three sacks in Miami before they were released a year ago. They have since revived their career with the Seattle Seahawks.
Subsequent first-round picks Ja'Wuan James, DeVante Parker, Laremy Tunsil and Charles Harris have combined for zero Pro Bowl appearances.
Miami hit on a second-round pick in 2014 with Landry, but traded them this off-season. Running back Jay Ajayi became a bargain as a fifth-round choice in 2015, but they were also traded. Rookies contributed little last season, and the draft grade for that class is incomplete.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Steven Wine on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Steve_Wine .
By Steven Wine, The Associated Press
This "faceless cusk" was caught at depths of 13,000 feet (4,000 meters) during a voyage to a massive abyss off Australia's east coast.
Eyesight may not be necessary for some deep-sea dwellers, but scientists recently came across a fish that appeared to not have any eyes at all — or even a face.
Australian researchers found the strange-looking, "faceless" fish during an expedition of a massive abyss off Australia's east coast. They discovered the deep-sea fish about 13,000 feet (4,000 meters) below the surface. It lives along a relatively barren seafloor in waters that are about 34 degrees Fahrenheit (1 degree Celsius).
Though the scientists initially thought the deep-sea creature might be a new species, further research revealed that the fish is a species of cusk eel (Typhlonus nasus) that has not been seen in Australian waters since the late 1800s. [See Photos of the Strange-Looking "Faceless" Fish]
Lacking clearly defined eyes, and with a mouth located underneath its body, the fish seemed to not have a face, the researchers said.
"Although very little is known about this strange fish without a face, it does have eyes — which are apparently visible well beneath the skin in smaller specimens," researchers wrote in a blog post on Australia's National Environmental Science Program's (NESP) Marine Biodiversity Hub website.
Eyes were not discernable on the recent specimen, which the researchers said could be the largest T. nasus ever seen.
T. nasus, which the scientists now call the "faceless cusk," is rarely seen but widely distributed from the Arabian Sea to Hawaii. The cusk was first collected by the historic HMS Challenger, the first round-the-world oceanographic expedition. According to the researchers, the Challenger collected the faceless cusk on Aug. 25, 1874, at a depth of nearly 3 miles (4.5 kilometers) in the Coral Sea.
In 1951, five faceless cusk specimens were collected during a deep-water search off East Kalimantan, Borneo. As such, the Australian researchers said they may find another faceless cusk as they move north of the site where the creature was most recently found.
Original article on Live Science.
OTTAWA — Health Canada is planning to take on “considerable new authorities” to compel cannabis producers to provide financial information about their investors, as part of the government's attempt to crack down on organized crime once recreational marijuana is legalized.
The plan is Ottawa's latest move to try and prevent criminal groups from infiltrating the legal cannabis market. Police organizations have argued the government has too little oversight over producers and investors in the medical marijuana industry, and have urged the government to set up tougher rules for recreational cannabis.
According to a summary of Health Canada's 60-day consultation on proposed marijuana regulations published Monday, the government is considering requiring legal producers “to submit financial information (including information about investors) as part of the licence application process.”
On Monday, a government official said the measure would give Health Canada “considerable new authorities to compel the disclosure of financial information.”
The plan marks a change from proposed regulations published last fall, when the government suggested it would guard against organized crime by requiring any shareholders that own more than 25 per cent of a private company to apply for security clearance. The health minister could have denied clearance to anyone associated with organized crime.
But Health Canada is now planning to scrap that requirement, after getting feedback that it would be too easy for shareholders to structure their investments so as to avoid having to apply for clearance.
“At this point in time we want to enhance the security features and we want to make sure that in no way that the organized crime will infiltrate our system,” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor told reporters on Monday.
Trina Fraser, an Ottawa lawyer who advises cannabis businesses, said the proposed regulations would be an improvement over the existing rules for the medical marijuana industry. “Under the (medical cannabis regulations), there's no disclosure of ownership and there's no disclosure of source of funds,” they said. “Listen, anything's better than what we have right now.”
Police agencies like the Ontario Provincial Police have also sounded the alarm over the involvement of criminal organizations in the medical marijuana industry and the lack of government oversight. “It is … the OPP's belief that Health Canada's security clearance processes do not go far enough to prevent the infiltration of organized crime in the medical marijuana industry,” OPP deputy commissioner Rick Barnum told a House of Commons committee studying the government's marijuana legalization bill last fall.
But Fraser isn't convinced that requiring producers to disclose their investors' financial information will be any more effective than the previous security clearance proposal when it comes to fighting organized crime.
“It's pretty easy to move money around,” they said. “They'd be able to find a way to do it.”
Many felt that failing to provide an opportunity for these individuals to work in the legal industry could result in them continuing their illegal activities
The government's consultation also asked respondents how they felt about allowing those with “histories of non-violent, lower-risk criminal activity” in the illegal marijuana market to obtain security clearance and participate in the legal industry. The summary document shows a “strong majority” favoured a more lenient approach.
“Many felt that failing to provide an opportunity for these individuals to work in the legal industry could result in them continuing their illegal activities,” it reads.
Fraser said they were pleased to see “strong support for this more permissive and inclusive approach to security clearance.” Still, Health Canada has yet to make a decision about low-level offenders, saying only that the feedback will be considered.
“We believe that if they do not represent a threat to the integrity of the system that we are establishing, that we have to look at ways in which such individuals can be allowed to participate,” Liberal MP Bill Blair told reporters on Monday.
The summary document sets out more details about the government's planned plain-packaging rules. Health Canada is suggesting packages would need to be child-resistant and either opaque or translucent, with only one “brand element” beyond the product's name. All packages would have to display a yellow box with a health warning and a standard symbol of a red stop sign containing a cannabis leaf and the letters THC, to warn of the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana.
Health Canada has also provided more information about how it plans to regulate micro-cultivators and micro-processors of recreational cannabis.
Micro-cultivators would be restricted to a “plant canopy area” of 200 square metres, or about half the area between the blue lines of a hockey rink. Micro-processors would be allowed to process up to 600 kilograms of dried cannabis per year.
The Liberals' pot legalization bill is currently before the Senate. The government is aiming to legalize cannabis this summer.
• Email: mforrest@postmedia.com | Twitter: MauraForrest
By Tony Veneziano
GRAND FORKS, N.D. — April 17, 2017 — Tickets are now on sale for both legs of the Gerdau Northern Tour for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at River Cities Speedway in Grand Forks, North Dakota and can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling SLS Promotions at 815-344-2023. The 1st Leg of the Gerdau Northern Tour is set for Friday, June 16, with the series returning on Friday, August 18 for the 2nd Leg of the Gerdau Northern Tour. Single event tickets as well as two-race ticket packages can be purchased.
Donny Schatz swept both races at River Cities Speedway last season, which marked the second straight year the eight-time and defending series champion has won a pair of races at the high-banked bullring in their home state. Schatz has eight-career wins with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at River Cities Speedway, including in five of the last six races over the previous three seasons. They have won six races already this season and is the current point leader as they chase their ninth title.
Joey Saldana has a pair of wins at River Cities Speedway in their World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series career, with the first coming in the series inaugural event at the track in 2007. They also won at River Cities Speedway in 2010. Daryn Pittman, the 2013 World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series champion, won for the first time at River Cities Speedway in 2014.
Battling Schatz, Pittman and Saldana in 2017 is a talented group of full-time competitors, including David Gravel who has four wins this season and is second in points, Brad Sweet, who is third in the standings, with a pair of victories, as well as Jason Johnson, who also has two wins this season and is fourth in the standings.
Shane Stewart, who drives for a team co-owned by NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series point leader Kyle Larson, is sixth in points. Veteran drivers Jason Sides, Paul McMahan, Kraig Kinser and Greg Wilson are all back on the road again in 2017. Logan Schuchart, who already has a win this season, Jacob Allen and Clyde Knipp represent the next generation of World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series drivers. Sheldon Haudenschild from Ohio and Brent Marks from Pennsylvania are battling for the Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year Award.
Tickets for both legs of the Gerdau Northern Tour for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series events at River Cities Speedway on Friday, June 16 and Friday, August 18 can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling 815-344-2023. Tickets can also be purchased at the River Cities Speedway track office, area ticket outlets and at the track on race day.
For more information on tickets, visit http://slspromotions.ticketforce.com.
Twitter: @SLS_Promotions
Facebook: SLS Promotions LLC
ICRC: UAE judicial systems conform with International Human Rights Law
ABU DHABI, Dec 11 2017 (WAM) - The International Committee of the Red Cross, ICRC, has praised the UAE's commitment to protection of human rights and ensuring the continual improvement of its judicial laws and practices in line with the basic rules of the Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols.
The UAE's adaptation of local laws in line with International Humanitarian Law, IHL, provisions will contribute strongly to the operationalisation and judicialisation of the Genera Conventions, which for a long time have been non-binding in the region
Omar Ahmed Mekki, Regional IHL Advisor at the ICRC
In a statement to Emirates News Agency, WAM, Omar Ahmed Mekki, Regional IHL Advisor at the ICRC, said, “The UAE's adaptation of local laws in line with International Humanitarian Law, IHL, provisions will contribute strongly to the operationalisation and judicialisation of the Genera Conventions, which for a long time have been non-binding in the region.”
They said that Federal Decree-Law No. 12 of 2017 on International Crimes, issued by President Their Highness Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, makes the UAE the first Arab country to adopt a comprehensive and complete legislation on war crimes, crimes against humanity, genocide, and crimes of aggression among others associated with war and conflict. The Federal Decree-Law includes 46 articles.
Mekki went on to say that legislative adaptation between relevant international conventions and national laws, would help equip national federal courts with the necessary expertise and legislative knowledge to prosecute war crimes on a regional level.
Federal Decree-Law No. 12 of 2017 stipulates that the death penalty or life imprisonment will be imposed on any person(s) convicted of committing acts of genocide on national, ethnic, racial or religious group, causing massive corporal or mental harm to them, leaving them under harsh living conditions for the purpose of killing them completely or partially, imposing measures aimed to prevent reproduction among them or taking their children by force to another group.
The decree-law also deals with the punishments imposed on crimes against humanity, war crimes, attacks against civilians and civil and religious buildings, taking hostages, tortures and mobilising children underage, among others.
WAM/Nour Salman/MOHD AAMIR
A retired city firefighter who wants to lead their union...
A retired city firefighter who posted racist and anti-Semitic rants on Facebook is now officially on the ballot to head the FDNY union, sources said.
Kenny Specht, whom The Post exposed for calling an Orthodox Jewish couple that lost seven kids in a Brooklyn fire “dirty bastards,” was nominated for the empty seat with the Uniformed Firefighters Association during a general nomination meeting at the JFK Hilton.
The ballots will be mailed out March 1 to all active city firefighters and must be returned by March 21.
Specht also jeered African-Americans with rants like, “I'll see your black power sign and raise you one proud white power unapologetic male! Power on!”
They did not return calls for comment.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) says it will participate in National Cyber Security Awareness Month this October to be organised by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
According to a statement on the commission's website, the programme is an opportunity to raise awareness about the importance of cybersecurity and to equip the Nigerian public with the tools and resources they need to stay safe.
The commission said that the awareness programme was a collaborative effort between the DHS and some private partners, which includes the National Cyber Security Alliance.
It said that the event was to raise awareness about the importance of cybersecurity and individual cyber hygiene.
“Each week in October is dedicated to a specific cybersecurity theme with corresponding messaging to offer opportunity for government and industry to be involved in cybersecurity activities most relevant to them.
“The commission believes strongly in this mission and as a partner in the Department of Homeland Security's `Stop -Think. Connect' campaign, NCC is committed to promoting online safety for everyone,” it said.
NCC urged every Nigerian to take steps during the campaign to create a safer internet, adding that even small actions could make a huge difference in defending the public from cyber threats.
The commission also gave some simple tips that everyone could follow to keep themselves, their identities, and their information safe online.
It advised Nigerians to set strong passwords, adding that passwords should be made long and complex, and changed regularly and not be shared with anyone.
The commission urged Nigerians to secure their most sensitive accounts by using multi-factor authentication to keep their accounts more secure when available.
According to NCC, all personal information should be treated like money.
“Information about you such as your purchase history and location has value; so be cautious about how your information is collected by apps and websites.
“Keep a clean machine by regularly updating the software on your Internet-connected devices, including Personal Computers (PCs) Smartphones and Tablets.
“This is to reduce the risk of infection from malware software that is intended to damage or disable computers and computer systems.
On this Bloomberg Business of Sports podcast, Scott Soshnick and Michael Barr discuss how the University of Maryland, Baltimore County is taking advantage of becoming the first 16th seed in the NCAA men's college basketball tournament to defeat a top seed. Scott and Michael also discuss what's ahead for the New Orleans Saints and Pelicans following the death of owner Tom Benson, and they address Meredith Corp.'s plan to sell Sports Illustrated.
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar. Bloomberg Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 14:28
RUSTON, La. — Jalen Harris scored 19 of their 22 points in the first half, Jacobi Boykins finished with 19 points with five 3-pointers, and Louisiana Tech beat Jackson State 91-62 on Saturday night for the Tigers' third straight loss.
DaQuan Bracey and Jy'lan Washington added 12 point apiece for the Bulldogs (7-2), who shot 75 per cent from the field in the first half. Louisiana Tech made 10 3-pointers, outrebounded Jackson State 42-32 and outscored them 36-16 in the paint.
After trailing by as many as nine points, Jackson State's Chace Franklin tied it at 15 with a 3-pointer, but Louisiana Tech scored six straight and led by as many as 15 en route to a 53-40 halftime lead.
Washington and Harris each hit 3s, Bracey added a layup and the Bulldogs led by 21 early in the second half and the Tigers got no closer than 19.
Maurice Rivers scored a career-high 30 points on 14-of-25 shooting for Jackson State (2-7) and Franklin added 13 points.
Increasing the cost of uplifting bulky items could lead to a surge in fly-tipping, an environmental campaigner has warned.
As revealed in the Tele, Dundee City Council is set to impose a raft of price hikes in a bid to make £12 million of savings.
Among the increases is a £5 hike in the cost of uplifting heavy items like sofas, which will increase from £18 to £23 for up to six items — a rise of 27%.
But there are fears that the added cost — which is set to bring an extra £20,000 into the council next year — could encourage a further increase in fly-tipping.
Andrew Llanwarne, coordinator of Friends of the Earth Tayside, said any increase in the cost needed to be justified.
They said: “Anything we increase the cost of could have a knock-on effect and that could increase another cost if we're not careful.
“If people have to pay more, it could lead to more fly-tipping at an increased cost to the council. They have got to think about that.
“I'd want to see what it costs to provide the service. The council shouldn't be making a surplus out of this service.”
Mr Llanwarne said that householders had a responsibility to dispose of bulky goods properly.
But they added: “It's difficult because obviously the more you charge the more people feel, ‘well, that's too much'.
“It's a problem when it's expensive to get rid of unwanted items. Some people are not as responsible as others and just dump them and we abhor that.
“It's a challenge for the council when resources are so short. Every year there are all sorts of things councils are having to cut that people value.”
The local authority logged 778 fly-tipping offences in 2014-15 and 863 in 2016-17 but only 64 offenders were caught — less than 5%.
However, Mr Llanwarne stopped short of saying the council should provide the service for free.
They said: “You're the person making the change to your settee or whatever, and it costs the council to pick it up.
“You should pay just what it costs — that's fair enough. But we shouldn't be able to chuck stuff away for free. We ought to be encouraged not to buy more than we need.”
Both Mr Llanwarne and Sally Romilly of Greenpeace Dundee agree that community refuse companies — many of which pick up bulky goods for free — are a good alternative.
Mr Llanwarne said: “If you have to throw stuff out, have it picked up by a community reuse company.
“That's better than putting it out on the front of your house to be dumped and having to pay for it to be done. There are ways of reusing this stuff wherever possible.”
Ms Romilly added: “People need to think about disposal before they replace something.
“It's not just the cost of buying the new item they need to consider — it's the cost of responsibly disposing of the old item as well.
“Pass things on to someone like Tayside Reusers — you can upcycle stuff even if it's not in great condition.
“In some ways, if it was free, people might throw away stuff without considering whether they really needed it.”
They added: “Unfortunately, not everyone will be responsible but I want to encourage it and if that means keeping the cost low then that's the incentive.
“We need a few high profile instances where people are found to have been fly-tipping to put people off.
“The council is trying to provide services but they're being cut and cut.”
The £5 increase in uplift charges is among several price hikes which will be finalised at a special meeting of the policy and resources committee on February 23.
Councillor Willie Sawers said the various proposed increases were “modest”.
People in a drought-stricken region of Madagascar are struggling with failing crops and child malnutrition, but their cries for help have been met with little action from the international community.
AMBOASARY SUD, Madagascar — Nineteen-year-old Masy had been up since 2 a.m. — that's when they and their family set out from their village in southern Madagascar called Ovototry to bathe, collect water, and buy goods at a market near the Mandrare River.
The river is the village's lifeblood and people from all over the southern region of Amboasary Sud come to its shores every day. Children screamed as they chased each other around the water's edge; older men and women slapped soapy clothes against the rocks to wash them; teenagers clustered in the shade, their heads pressed together in whispery gossip. The Mandrare was once so vast a bridge had to be built over it so cars could pass. When BuzzFeed News visited the river as part of trip organized by UNICEF in order to visit the remote area, it was so dry that when people stood in the deepest part, the water hardly reached their knees. Dry seasons normally don't phase people from Madagascar, known as Malagasy, but a drought that began two years ago has reduced rivers like the Mandrare to glorified puddles, resulting in failed crops and severe acute malnutrition. The massive island country off the coast of Mozambique in the Indian Ocean faces a conundrum unlike that of any other African country: It is so poor that a humanitarian crisis like a water shortage is enough to rattle a resource-thin government to its core, yet it rarely faces the kinds of calamities, like civil war, that normally spur the international community into action. And even when natural disasters do strike, there is no chance of people crossing borders as refugees, often rendering it a self-contained crisis that becomes easy to ignore. Malagasy farmers and aid workers alike are concerned that things will only get worse with time as climate change continues to shift the weather patterns that they've depended on for centuries. Masy comes from a long line of farmers, who couldn't afford to keep sending them to school past the age of 12. The drought wreaking havoc on the region has left them with little to harvest, and even less to eat or drink. These days Masy (it's common in their village for people to not use last names) sells eggs to people who travel to the river from other villages, but usually finds that their customers are struggling just as much as their family is and can't afford them. On the days they can't make it to the river, their family spends anywhere between 800 and 2,000 Malagasy ariary (25 to 62 cents) for a 20-liter can of water — a steep price in a country where 92% of the population lives on less than $2 a day. Masy said their community gets help from a couple of local and international NGOs that provide cash assistance programs, but nothing more. They raised their arm to shield their face from the harsh sun overhead, sparkly green nails glinting in the light. “The government doesn't do anything for us,” they said.
Madagascar is an outcast — geographically, linguistically, and politically, it stands apart in its corner of Africa. Even pneumonic plague's spread to the capital last year was met with mild concern, because the chance of the viral disease jumping from the island to other countries was low. And apart from a coup in 2009 that left at least 100 people dead, Madagascar has managed to avoid the kind of civil unrest or terrorism that has stricken many other countries and grabbed the international community's attention — like in Somalia, Nigeria, the Democratic Republic of Congo, South Sudan, and Libya.
As a result, Malagasy people have largely been left to fend for themselves when disaster strikes, apart from the efforts of local and international NGOs based there. El Niño — the warming of the western Pacific Ocean that occurs every few years — often curbs the amount of rain African countries receive, but its effects have begun to worsen in recent years. “The rainy season in Amboasary Sud used to last between October and March, but in the past two years it has stalled until December and ended early in February,” Masy's uncle, Vonjy Raij Jean Louis, told BuzzFeed News when we visited in November. Jean Benoît Manhes, the deputy representative for UNICEF in Madagascar, told BuzzFeed News that while other countries in southern Africa were hit by drought last year, Madagascar's poor infrastructure, bad roads, and under-sourced health centers make climate-related emergencies that much more difficult to respond to.
Not helping matters was the slow response from Madagascar's government. “The government initially denied that El Niño was worse than normal this year,” they said, adding that its reluctance to accept that disaster had struck presented a challenge for organizations like UNICEF when it came to securing funding from international donors. But even in the absence of an immediate crisis, Madagascar ranks low on the list of countries that receive financial assistance. In 2015, the country received the smallest amount of foreign aid in the world after Nepal, Guinea, and North Korea, a representative of the World Bank told BuzzFeed News.
Advertisement
Norohasina Rakotoarison, who heads the health and environment department within the Ministry of Public Health, told BuzzFeed News in an email in January that they agreed the drought throughout the south was “alarming.” When asked how they would respond to people like Masy, who have lost faith in the government to help them, Rakotoarison said that due to the extreme level of poverty in the southern region, “people tend to wait for permanent government assistance, but the government does not have the means to offer continuous help.” Once the government did finally acknowledge the problem, they started up a long-term, solar-powered extraction project to transport water from the Mandrare River into rural villages via underground pipes, further draining the river until the next rains but eliminating the need to walk for hours to collect its water. But even the government's own employees working on the project admitted that the response had come too late. Patrick Rakotoarison, a civil engineer for the Ministry of Water and Sanitation in Madagascar, had been working on the water extraction project for a month and a half when they spoke to BuzzFeed News in November. “Water in the south is not a priority for the government,” they said when asked why their office didn't begin responding to the drought until two years after it had begun. There were other logistical issues, added Olivier Rajernerson, the conductor leading the project, like how construction of a crucial part of the structure couldn't begin until solar panels from France were delivered. In the meantime, Malagasy people from Amboasary Sud were left to fend for themselves as the situation worsened. One of the primary effects of the drought has been a steep rise of severe acute malnutrition among the children of the south. It's an issue deeply familiar to Dr. Paubert Magnirisoa Vily, who works at an Intensive and Educational Nutrition Recovery Center in a larger city about 20 miles west of Amboasary Sud called Ambovombe.
“Usually the children come in because they have malaria or a cough,” Dr. Vily said, and it's usually through those treatments that they notice they are malnourished. “There's no nutritional diversity because of the drought, which is a form of malnutrition many people don't immediately consider,” they added. They spoke to BuzzFeed News while tending to 3-year-old Manatana, whose mother Hoasie had brought them to the clinic four days prior. Hoasie told BuzzFeed News that they had only been able to feed their son cassava because it was all farmers in the area could manage to grow. They became concerned about Manatana when they would stop eating after two spoonfuls of food. Soon after, they noticed their face and genitals begin to swell, a symptom Dr. Vily said is a sign of a protein deficiency. Manatana's malnutrition stunted their growth, too; Dr. Vily said that their physical size was akin to that of a 9-month-old baby.
After a few days of treating them with nutritional milk, Dr. Vily and the nurse assisting her, Rocheella Fabiello, noted improvements.
“Yesterday I was very sad. They didn't talk. When I touched him, they didn't move,” Fabiello said. “Now he's responsive.” It's common for families in Madagascar to have between 8 and 10 children, who are expected to help farm their land when they're older. But when the drought hits, the number of mouths to feed combined with failing crops becomes a heavy burden for farmers who are also mothers. Haova Marie Jeanne, who lives in the village of Sampona, normally makes a living growing sweet potatoes and cassava, but hasn't been able to harvest anything for months. She, a mother of eight, travels up to six hours to collect water, often carrying their 3-month-old baby on their back. “People are suffering,” they said. “I just want the rain to come.” The long-term impact of these changes could cause permanent shifts to the communities in and around Amboasary Sud. Daniel Silva, a spokesperson for the International Organization for Migration, told BuzzFeed News last week that the IOM conducted research on 20 of the 51 villages in southern Madagascar in July and December 2017. They found that out of a half million people in the region, 29,718 people had migrated outside of their villages. Of those, half attributed their move to the drought. Silva called this a considerably high rate, given the low likelihood that the numbers of people leaving would be replaced. Some villages have lost up to 30% of their population. UNICEF representative for Madagascar Elke Wisch told BuzzFeed News in November that they and their team were struggling to figure out how to put a low-risk country high on the priority list even as climate-related issues and humanitarian crises intensify on the continent. “Everybody knows that there's a problem in South Sudan. Everybody knows that there's a crisis in Somalia. Here in Madagascar, you have all these silent situations,” they said. “Since the world has signed up for Millennium Development Goals and Sustainable Development Goals, one would assume that the countries that feature on the top or lowest five [lists for humanitarian crises] would get attention and money, but that hasn't happened. That's what I find mind-boggling.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Tamerra Griffin is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based Nairobi, Kenya. Contact Tamerra Griffin at tamerra.griffin@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Highland County YMCA Executive Director Kelli Kiser is shown in one photograph preparing hot dogs during an Easter event sponsored by the Hillsboro Uptown Business Association, YMCA and city of Hillsboro held Sunday at the Liberty Park in Hillsboro and the YMCA. Some of the approximately 300 kids showed up for the event that included an egg hunt in the YMCA pool and another one outdoors are shown in the other photograph.
Highland County YMCA Executive Director Kelli Kiser is shown in one photograph preparing hot dogs during an Easter event sponsored by the Hillsboro Uptown Business Association, YMCA and city of Hillsboro held Sunday at the Liberty Park in Hillsboro and the YMCA. Some of the approximately 300 kids showed up for the event that included an egg hunt in the YMCA pool and another one outdoors are shown in the other photograph. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/03/web1_YMCA-Easter-pic-1.jpg Highland County YMCA Executive Director Kelli Kiser is shown in one photograph preparing hot dogs during an Easter event sponsored by the Hillsboro Uptown Business Association, YMCA and city of Hillsboro held Sunday at the Liberty Park in Hillsboro and the YMCA. Some of the approximately 300 kids showed up for the event that included an egg hunt in the YMCA pool and another one outdoors are shown in the other photograph. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/03/web1_Egg-hunt-pic-2.jpg
Integrated management systems have the potential to yield significant business benefits. By looking at multiple aspects of an organization's operations holistically, an integrated management system (IMS) makes it easier to identify problems, zero in on areas that need improvement, and implement the changes that can have a positive effect on the company's bottom line.
Once an organization has determined which aspects of business operations are most valuable, assessed the need for an integrated management system, and developed a management system plan or set of proposals that demonstrates the benefits, it is time to begin implementation. Here are four key strategies for how to integrate management systems.
Use materiality as a guiding principle. Materiality is a fundamental accounting principle where the information that could influence an economic decision should be disclosed. This principle acknowledges that, in the context of financial decisions, some information is more important than other information. The goal with materiality is to improve the usefulness of corporate disclosures for making decisions. When considering all facets of an organization's operations, the sheer scope and complexity of a business can be overwhelming. Using materiality will help ensure that your IMS project can garner support from executive management, the board, and other stakeholders.
Identify common business processes or elements across relevant management systems. Finding common elements or processes in your internal management systems requires a diligent assessment of corporate policies and procedures. This will entail a top-down review of formally document policies and procedures as well as informal operating practices. A cross-functional team with stakeholders from each functional team will be required. The stakeholders must have a deep understanding of corporate policy and procedure for their respective functions. In many organizations, these stakeholders may be the formal business process owners, such as a manager responsible for process safety, or simply the employee accountable for specific performance objectives.
As part of the assessment, it will be insightful to look at how guidelines are put into practice. The personnel responsible for executing or following the defined corporate processes should be interviewed to find out how corporate guidelines are operationalized. Often, inefficiencies are introduced or gaps between corporate and operational goals occur during the implementation of corporate policies and procedures. This may be an uncomfortable aspect of assessment if it brings to light discrepancies between expectations and actual practices. However, it's important to communicate that this exercise is about streamlining processes and reducing overhead, and should make day-to-day work easier in the long run.
Assess the status of current management systems. There are two techniques that may be used for this stage. One is to reference management system standards such as those created by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). Even if your organization does not intend to formally implement ISO standards and obtain certification, they could still guide an assessment. For companies that already have established management systems, revisiting the ISO standards can be helpful as well. In 2015, ISO standards were updated to address overlap and inconsistencies across different management system standards in response to feedback the organization received about the difficulty of using ISO for IMS deployment. A key advantage is that a third-party independent body's published standards provide an objective view that can be used to help overcome internal stakeholders' resistance to change or bias.
Another technique to assess management systems and help identify commonalities is to use risk management as an organizing principle. This entails examining the management systems from the standpoint of how to identify, assess, and mitigate risk in the organization. By definition, you're looking at topics — whether environmental, product quality, safety, health, or business continuity — simultaneously. Similar to ISO standards, risk management acts as a unifier, stripping away biases that could be introduced if one looked at the business from separate perspectives. As a result, you might begin to see where there should be one business process instead of three feeding each management system.
Identify differences in semantics between management systems. The words we use to describe management systems matter. Semantics play a key role in how commonalities and differences between management systems are perceived. If we don't define our terms, we risk operating on false assumptions and creating inefficiencies.
For example, ISO 14001, which was revised in 2015, maps out a framework for a company to set up an environmental management system. This standard applies to aspects of the organization's activities, products, or services that may have an impact on the environment. At the same time, the Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series (OHSAS) 18001 standard establishes minimum requirements for occupational health and safety management with the aim of reducing workplace hazards. Both standards relate to sources of risk and their consequences. However, one uses the language of environmental aspects while the other uses the language of hazards that apply to health.
The way these two standards are defined, many organizations rely on two separate independent identification processes to look at events and incidents. Let's say that a loss of containment event occurs and a hazardous substance accidentally leaks into the local waterway. The team assessing environmental impacts may readily identify this as an environmental risk. However, the team responsible for safety assessment may not identify this as a potential source of risk when they assess potential health-related events. Or vice versa. Instead, looking at management holistically creates a more efficient program, pulling what used to be two separate processes into one.
A remarkable generational shift is also happening in the workplace. We hear many executives talking about the loss of institutional knowledge that occurs when industry veterans with decades of experience leave. For those longtime workers, the language makes sense. But the newest members the workforce don't necessarily have that intuition. They may perceive differences in language as actual differences between standards. Speaking a shared industry language will mean less of a learning curve for them. A well-structured system will produce optimal performance outcomes, even when less experienced people work within it. Integrated management systems ensure consistency and efficiency for years to come.
Jeff Ladner has been helping corporations drive operational excellence and effectively manage operational risk for 20 years. They lead the Sphera solution strategy, helping corporations enable their management systems. Focus areas include environmental performance, personnel and process safety, product flight attendantship, supply chain management, risk assessment, and change management. Mr. Ladner holds a B.S. from Purdue University in chemical engineering and an MBA from the University of Delaware.
Over the past few decades, a number of photographers hailing from West Africa, such as Malick Sidibé, Seydou Keïta and J.D. ‘Okhai Ojeikere, have received widespread recognition in Western countries. But prior to this acknowledgement, the careers of these figures were already well-known in their own local contexts, proving that acclaim is largely a matter of perspective.
Still, as the world continues to become more interconnected, important work is being done to help talented photographers from a wide range of backgrounds and geographies join in on a more global conversation. One key figure in this effort is Bisi Silva. As an independent curator with a career spanning 25 years, and as the recent Founder and Director of the Centre for Contemporary Art in Lagos, Silva has curated exhibitions, taken part in biennials, written essays, participated in symposia, and used their platform to help promote sorely needed cross-cultural dialogue around the globe.
We are immensely proud that Silva has agreed to serve on the jury for the LensCulture Street Photography Awards 2018. Managing editor Alexander Strecker reached out to Silva to learn more about the rapid pace of development of contemporary photography in Africa, the stories behind some of West Africa's most well-known photographers, and the intrinsic connection between street photography and outdoor life in many of the continent's most vibrant metropolises—
LensCulture: In your opinion, to what degree does it make sense to talk about different geographic frames of photography—Lagosian vs. Nigerian vs. West African vs. African? The term “African Photography” is tempting, but we rarely find ourselves saying “European Photography.” What frame seems to have some conceptual coherence?
Bisi Silva: I think this question becomes complicated when the word “African” is used before art or photography. What does the phrase “African photography” mean? We're talking about a continent with fifty-five countries, ranging from Egypt to South Africa, Senegal to Tanzania, and so much more in between.
Recently, a monograph was published on a (for now, we'll say) Nigerian photographer. In the late nineteenth century (he was practicing from 1891-1905) this area of the Niger Delta was not yet called Nigeria—it wouldn't become the country we know today until 1914. However, the title of the monograph was African Photographer J. A. Green. I didn't think this was appropriate. Is one person, practicing in a limited geographic space, going to stand in for a whole continent and the entire African diaspora? How could that be possible?
Why didn't they use a more appropriate geographic term, such as “Ijaw photographer”? I understand that there were practical reasons—such as Google search results and the desire for a quickly recognizable title—nonetheless, such blanket descriptions are increasingly a misnomer.
Street photography has been and will continue to be intrinsic to the kind of outdoor culture that we find in many African cities.
Today, it's problematic for any one photographer to say they're representing a whole continent. Every photographer is based in a certain space and dealing with issues that are specific to where (and who) they are. We need to recognize the specificity of each point of view while also celebrating the truly universal issues of identity and representation that are relevant around the globe. Each photograph is connected to the day-to-day realities faced by people everywhere: social issues, political struggle, economic injustice, aesthetic exploration, and so on.
LC: While “African Photography” is a problematic term, is there any way for you to characterize the differing photographic movements in West Africa (Mali, Senegal, Nigeria) vs. East Africa (Kenya and Ethiopia) vs. South Africa? What about regional events (Bamako, Lagos, Addis)—are they relevant?
BS: I am interested in thinking about photography on country-wide, regional, or even continental frames—but I am always sure to be careful with my phrasing. There's a distinction to make between “West African Photography” and “Contemporary Photography from West Africa.” When you put the geographic term before, you are imposing a characteristic on all the photographers. Whereas if used afterwards, you are simply recognizing that a group of artists hails from a certain region and perhaps are influenced by some of the same factors and contexts.
Take me as another example: people say, “Bisi, you're an African curator,” to which I say, “No, I'm not!” I'm a curator of contemporary art with an area and an interest in a specific region. But I engage with art from all over the world. I'm not against the use of geographic terms but I'm highly conscious of how they are employed.
LC: You work with both photography and contemporary art. Is it useful to “protect” photography and set it apart, or should we let it bleed fully into the world of art?
BS: I think, to its benefit, photography has been accepted in the mainstream world of art. Before this acceptance, the museums and institutions that specialized in photography were much-needed. But today, most of the major institutions are including photography actively and dynamically in their programs. That means the role of specialized, photography-specific places has shifted. Their mission is now to create spaces that highlight the possibilities of the medium and go in-depth with their research and publications.
Let's take one example: the Tate Modern. A world-class museum that has some part of their photography collection on permanent display. But it's not every year that the Tate holds a major photography exhibition. What do we do in the meantime? That's where a space such as The Photographers' Gallery continues to play an important role in the development, scholarship, and presentation of photography.
On the African continent, there are bigger infrastructural deficits and the contemporary art scene is at a different stage in its development. Very little public/government attention has been given to photography. As we develop institutions across Africa, there should be the possibility to have both, to complement each other. Otherwise, photography can get overshadowed by the full range of contemporary art programs. The medium benefits from having its own space, where further histories of photography can be developed.
As for artists, I don't think it's worth feeling overly anxious about terms and titles. In the end, it's for each artist to define themselves how they want. There are no hard or fast rules any more, there needs to be a flexibility and fluidity. Artists are beginning to cross boundaries between the lens-based medium of photography, video, animation, and VR (not to mention all the other artistic mediums) and there's no reason to stifle this freedom.
LC: In the field of photography, formal education is sometimes considered a double-edged sword among practitioners. Some people are proponents of the rigor of a university degree while others believe in “the school of life.” How do you see this debate, especially coming from West Africa, where some of the most prominent names (Malick Sidibé, J.D. 'Okhai Ojeikere) were largely autodidacts?
BS: I believe people need to be given the choice, whether they want to go through a formal education or if they want to be autodidact. Both paths are valid, but also both paths need to be available. In West Africa, we have great photographers who have gone to formal institutions around the world and we have great ones who are self-taught themselves.
In both photography and curating, I see young people learning on their own, but I see some people give up because they don't have the right mentorship and structure to orient them. It's very hard to do what you don't know. Formal education introduces you to many possibilities so that when you leave, you are better able to assess which direction suits your individual characteristics. I believe that education broadens your view and gives you more choice.
That being said, each path has its pros and cons. I've met artists who are self-taught and sometimes I feel the gaps in their practice. Other times, I've met artists who have been through formal systems, and I can see how that structure is holding them back. They know too much and aren't sure which path to choose! Ultimately, we all have to find our own way.
LC: Why do you think certain photographers from the region have projected out into the international scene (e.g. Sidibé, Ojeikere) to such a degree? Is it only a matter of luck, or is there something that sets these international names apart from the countless others who have not established themselves in the same way?
BS: I wouldn't say they were better than other photographers. There is certainly an element of luck. In Seydou Keïta's case, the New York-based curator Susan Vogel saw their work and included it in the show “Africa Explores” in 1991. At that time, they were listed as an “unknown photographer”! Fortunately, at the exhibition, the French curator Andre Magnin saw the images, did some research, and traveled to Bamako. There, they found out that everyone knew who Keïta was!
It's important to separate a Western-centric view from the local understanding. In the local context, Keïta or Sidibé were not “discovered” when they were shown in the West—they were revered during their lives. They were two of the most well-known photographers of their time! People saved for years to be photographed by Keïta. It's simply misinformation to say they were not already big—they may not have been big in America, but they had long been “big” in their context.
A similar story applies to J. D. 'Okhai Ojeikere—he was well-known and exhibiting in Nigeria, for example at the Goethe Institute and with the Association of Nigerian Photographers, before they met Andre Magnin. They spent many years taking a dummy of their “Hairstyle” series to various local universities in an attempt to have it published.
I believe there's still a binary around “the West—and the rest.” There is still a hegemony of the discourse around “African Art” that resides within the West. Other voices get drowned out, but that doesn't mean they don't exist. These “other” voices are dynamic and important in their context, but remain largely overlooked elsewhere.
LC: We have long talked about finding ways for the “East” and the “West” to meet (usually represented by North America/Europe meeting with China, Japan, and India). How are artists from the African continent working themselves into this conversation? Do you think in terms of binaries, or do you have a wider angle through which to understand this relationship?
BS: Artists from across the continent are increasingly mobile. Even 10 years ago, it would have been a North-South relationship: everyone was looking towards Europe and North America, largely due to the former colonial ties. But over the past five years, it's opened up a lot more. Artists from Africa are not just going northbound but eastbound and in other directions; they are being included in biennales across the world. I believe that in the next five years that will increase considerably.
You can see this in particular at art fairs. The presence of artists from Africa at Art Dubai was celebrated. And some of my colleagues from the continent were invited to Art Basel Hong Kong to speak and present their work. The possibility to take part in a global discourse that goes beyond narrow geographic limits and old binaries is extremely exciting.
In 2017, I was a co-curator in the 2nd Changjiang International Biennale of Photography and Video Art in Chongqing, China. It was my first time working in China and it offered insight into the local and regional scene. I also visited Hong Kong, including such organisations as Asia Art Archive and Para Site, where I hope to pursue a longer residency. In the past, the majority of my curatorial residencies have taken place in North America and Europe.
There has been an increased desire to encourage and develop more South-South dialogue, which has already been growing rapidly. From my perspective, the whole world is a real possibility if one is interested in exploring these new geographies—which, after all, constitute two-thirds of the world's population and land mass.
LC: Some of the world's fastest developing cities are located in the “Global South”—Africa, South America, South and East Asia. How can the practice of street photography be applied productively to these subjects?
BS: This is a topical issue, especially in a place such as Lagos, one of the world's fastest-growing cities! Over the last decade, the changes to my home city have been absolutely phenomenal. If I don't go to a certain part of Lagos for six months, by the time I go back, I don't recognize where I am because it will have changed so much. Every single area and space has been transformed and this process shows no signs of letting up.
I appreciate the way in which artists are able to capture this change: sound artists document the changing urban musicality through their recordings, while photographers visualize these transformations in a wide variety of ways. They're using the fabric of the city as a means to tell stories from their own context.
What's interesting about contemporary street photography in West Africa is the transition that has taken place over the last 50 years. In the past, photographers there were not really documenting daily life, but rather setting up photography studios; spaces where individuals would come and have their portraits taken alone, with friends, or with family. However some of these studios projected out into public life, as we see in the work of Malick Sidibé.
Today, street photography is becoming a little more gritty. Photographers are entering into all spaces, documenting different kinds of experiences and subcultures that go beyond the surface of the street-level. Ultimately, I think street photography has been and will continue to be intrinsic to the kind of outdoor culture that we find in many African cities.
—Bisi Silva, interviewed by Alexander Strecker
Our Street Photography Awards are open for entries! Submit your work now to have it seen by our international panel of jurors—including Bisi Silva—and for a chance to exhibit your work in Arles during the world's largest photography festival. Learn more about the prizes and jury.
BUSINESS
Online casino technology supplier NetEnt turned in another strong performance in the first quarter of 2018 despite having to pay a hefty severance package to its former CEO.
On Tuesday, the Stockholm-listed NetEnt issued an interim report detailing revenue of SEK430m (US$50.5m) in the three months ending March 31, 9.4% higher than the same period last year. Operating profit rose 5.5% to SEK134m and after-tax profits shot up nearly 27% to SEK146m.
NetEnt said the operating profit figure would have been SEK6m higher were it not for the need to pay severance to Per Eriksson, the former CEO that NetEnt abruptly kicked to the curb in late March. Eriksson was shown the door after NetEnt's board decided that the company's performance to date hadn't lived up to expectations and new leadership was needed to ensure the company's long-term growth.
Eriksson's acting replacement, Therese Hillman, said the company is keeping a closer eye on expenses after withdrawing its services last year from operators who lacked licenses in the regulated markets of Australia, Poland and the Czech Republic. The net effect of these withdrawals was around two percentage points on royalty revenue growth.
The company also blamed continuing “weakness in Norway” for negatively impacting Q1 revenue, and this week's news of Norway's plans for stricter curbs on payment processing by unauthorized international sites won't improve that weakness.
NetEnt's share of revenue from locally regulated markets improved three points to 34% in Q1, thanks in part to a strong showing by NetEnt's partners in Italy. NetEnt says it intends to apply for a license in Pennsylvania's newly regulated intrastate online gambling market and the company plans to launch in the Canadian province of British Columbia with BCLC's PlayNow.com sometime in Q3.
NetEnt inked six new customer agreements and launched eight new customers' casinos in Q1, while releasing five new slot games and adding staff to its fledgling Live Casino offering.
Comments
SMITHFIELD, N.C. — A North Carolina woman accused of hiding the remains of two infants under a house in 2016 has pleaded guilty to two counts of failure to report a death.
The News & Observer reports that 41-year-old Bridgette Morgan Smith was sentenced to between six to eight months for each count on Thursday and will receive credit for 164 days already served.
They were originally arrested in Jacksonville, Florida, in June, on two felony charges of concealing the death of a child 14 months after the remains were discovered in trash bags.
Johnston County District Attorney Susan Doyle said DNA evidence showed that both infants were related to Smith and that Smith's mother said they were their daughter's children.
Smith had told investigators both children were stillborn.
Three men were arrested following a squabble in which one of them threatened to kill a 7-Eleven clerk over cigarettes and then took off in a vehicle driven by their mother, police said.
The clerk of the 7-Eleven in Melville called police moments after they refused to sell cigarettes to Hector Gonzalez, 26, because they didn't have proper identification. Police say Gonzalez left the store but returned with two other men — 18-year-old Oscar Madrid and 18-year-old Timothy Flythe — and a gun in their waistband.
That's when Gonzalez allegedly threatened to kill the clerk for not selling them cigarettes. As the clerk was writing down the license plate number of the men's vehicle, Madrid pulled the note out of their hand, police said.
The three men hopped back in the vehicle, according to police, who said Gonzalez's mom was behind the wheel when they took off.
Police eventually located the vehicle and officers allegedly found two loaded, illegal handguns that belonged to Flythe.
Gonzalez was charged with menacing, Flythe was charged with criminal possession of a weapon, and Madrid was charged with grand larceny.
Thre three men were scheduled to be arraigned in Central Islip on Wednesday. It wasn't immediately clear if they had an attorney.
Tulare Western's leading rusher David Alcántar shows you how they honor loved ones fighting cancer
Tulare Western High School Mustangs will face off against visiting San Joaquin Memorial (Fresno) for the Central Section Division III football title this Friday (Dec. 1) night at Bob Mathias Stadium at 7 p.m. on the campus of Tulare Union High School. David Alcantar is honoring those stricken with cancer with a memorial he's been wearing on their body throughout the season. At 5-foot-8 and 155-pounds, Alcantar is the Mustangs' leading rusher with 1,555 yards on 177 carries with 26 touchdowns.
Collazos hails from Villavicencio, Colombia, where they attended Colegio Espíritu Santo, earning a gold medal in singles in the state phase of interscholastic competition in 2016 as well as silver in the regional tournament and bronze in doubles at the national level. In 2014 they garnered bronze in the state phase in singles and mixed doubles and silver in the regional tournament.
Collazos also participated in swimming, women's soccer, cheer and track at Colegio Espíritu Santo.  They are the daughter of Ruben Darío Collazos and Ruby Liliana Navarro.
Navaratnam was named Inter A's Best Player in 2014 and 2015 and was voted First Team Premiers at Haileybury College in 2017. The Melbourne, Australia native also earned All-Academic honors their final three years at Haileybury for coach Maddi Barnett.
 They are the daughter of Suri and Mary Joseph Navaratnam.
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption Carleen Wilkins made daily withdrawals from their victim's bank account
A care home manager who stole over £90,000 from a 97-year-old resident has been jailed.
Carleen Wilkins, who managed the home in Birmingham, stole their victim's bank card and used the money to pay off debts, payday loans and gambled money at casinos, West Midlands Police said.
They withdrew hundreds of pounds from the account every day for over a year.
Wilkins, 40, admitted theft and was jailed for 31 months at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday.
Midlands Live: Pig on the loose bites woman's legs; rally over Kingsley Burrell death police verdicts
Police said the victim was living in the care home, in Handsworth Wood, at the time of the offences and was not aware they had a bank card or a pin to access their account.
Wilkins, of Overdale Road Quinton, was arrested after they escorted the victim to the bank in February 2016.
'Dishonest individual'
The branch became suspicious and checks found daily withdrawals totalling more than £90,000 over a 12-month period.
Staff became concerned as the customer did not bank by card and alerted police.
The force said Wilkins admitted withdrawing the money, but denied any wrongdoing and said they withdrew the money on a daily basis as the victim did not trust the bank.
They also claimed the victim spent the money on bottles of sherry.
Det Con Lisa Morris, from West Midlands Police's adults at risk team, said: "Carleen Wilkins is a dishonest individual who abused their position of trust as a care worker to remove money from an elderly woman's account for their own gain."
HOUSTON - A United Airlines flight bound for Canada landed safely in Houston after striking a bird shortly after takeoff, according to officials.
The plane returned to Bush Intercontinental Airport.
No injuries have been reported at this time.
The airline said it was in the process of changing aircraft to get customers to their destinations.
The airplane that struck the bird is being inspected.
Here is a statement from United:
"United flight 1780 from Houston to Calgary returned to Houston and landed safely following a bird strike upon takeoff. We are in the process of changing aircraft in order to get our customers to their final destination as quickly as possible. Our maintenance team is currently inspecting the aircraft."
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Scott Olson/Getty Images(HOUSTON) — Barbara Bush was remembered at their funeral as a loving wife, mother and friend with a devilish sense of humor and who represented the best of the World War II generation.
“Barbara Bush was the first lady of ‘the greatest generation,'” presidential historian Jon Meacham, a friend of the Bush family, said in a eulogy at Saturday's funeral service in Texas that drew signatories from across the nation and around the world.
Meacham recalled the snowy-haired former first lady's “long and consequential life,” not least their promotion of literacy, their quick-witted humor and their trademark faux pearls.
“She was candid and comforting,” Meacham said, describing them as a “point of light” who “kept everything and everyone together.”
Some 1,500 guests filled St. Martin's Episcopal Church in Houston for the service. Barbara Bush, who died on Tuesday at the age of 92, had requested in their last wishes a modest funeral at the Gothic-style cathedral, where they and their husband, former President George H.W. Bush, were devoted members for decades.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush in their homily described their “precious mother” as someone who “filled our lives with laughter and joy.”
“She was our teacher and role model on how to live a life of purpose and meaning,” they said.
Susan Baker, the wife of James Baker who served as secretary of state under former President George H.W. Bush., also paid tribute to their longtime friend, Barbara Bush, whom they called “Bar.”
In their homily, Susan Baker recalled how the former first lady “took me under their wing.” They described them as “smart, fun and feisty” and an “amazing, caring and beautiful friend.”
“The world saw a compassionate but strict mother who inspired their children with tender but firm lessons,” they said. “Barbara, the tough but loving enforcer, was the secret sauce of this extraordinary family.”
“Bar's beauty was evident in every day of their life,” they added. “Saying goodbye to our special friend is painful.”
Barbara Bush's casket on Friday arrived at St. Martin's, the nation's largest Episcopal church, where they lay in repose as the public was invited to pay respects from noon to midnight, according to the Geo. H. Lewis & Sons Funeral Home in Houston.
The Rev. Russell Levenson Jr. and the Rev. Dr. Peter Cheney will be co-officiants of Saturday's service, which is set to begin at 11 a.m. ET. Barbara Bush's son, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, will deliver a eulogy along with their longtime friend, Susan Baker, and historian Jon Meacham, according to a statement from the Bush family.
Four of the five living ex-presidents are attending Saturday's funeral service, including former President Barack Obama and their wife, former first lady Michelle Obama, as well as former President Bill Clinton and their wife, former Secretary of State and first lady Hillary Clinton. The Clintons' daughter, Chelsea Clinton, is also in attendance.
Following the service, a funeral procession will bring Barbara Bush's casket to the George Bush Presidential Library and Museum near Texas A&M University in College Station for a private service, where they will be buried in a family plot beside their daughter, Robin, who died of leukemia at the age of 3 in 1953. The Texas A&M Corps of Cadets are expected to line Barbara Bush Avenue outside the library to pay tribute to the former first lady.
First lady Melania Trump is attending Saturday's service “on behalf of the first family,” White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters said in a statement. “To avoid disruptions due to added security, and out of respect for the Bush Family and friends attending the service, President Trump will not attend.”
Similarly, in 2016, then-President Obama did not attend the funeral of former first lady Nancy Reagan, while their wife did. Sitting presidents have rarely in recent decades gone to the funerals of former first ladies, according to FactCheck.org, a project of The Annenberg Public Policy Center in Philadelphia.
Trump, who's at their Mar-a-Lago resort in South Florida for the weekend, extended their “thoughts and prayers” to the Bush family via Twitter and said they planned to watch Barbara Bush's funeral service from the “Southern White House.”
Barbara Bush served as first lady from 1989 to 1993. They died shortly after deciding to forgo further medical treatments for their failing health.
Former President George H.W. Bush is “broken-hearted to lose their beloved Barbara, their wife of 73 years,” according to Jean Becker, chief of staff at the 93-year-old former president's office.
“He held their hand all day today and was at their side when they left this good earth,” Becker said in a statement.
Their eldest child, former President George W. Bush, described their mother as a “fabulous first lady and a woman unlike any other who brought levity, love, and literacy to millions.”
“To us, they were so much more,” they said in a statement after their death. “Mom kept us on our toes and kept us laughing until the end. I'm a lucky man that Barbara Bush was my mother. Our family will miss them dearly.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
PARIS — French police thwarted an imminent “terror attack,” arresting two suspected radicals Tuesday in the southern port city of Marseille, the interior minister said just days before the first round of France's presidential election.
The two men “intended to commit an attack on French soil in the very short term, which is to say in coming days,” Interior Minister Matthias Fekl said at a brief news conference.
France votes Sunday in the first round of its two-stage election, with security ramped up for the ballot after a series of attacks in recent years that have made security one of the major issues of the campaign.
The men, both French, one born in 1987 and the other in 1993, are “suspected of wanting to commit, in an imminent way, a violent action on the eve of the French presidential election,” the minister said.
They gave no details about potential targets or motives.
Agents from the French internal security agency, backed by elite police units, conducted the arrests. Searches are also underway, Fekl said.
Yankees, A's in Sonny Gray stalemate without a guaranteed blink Executives who know both Brian Cashman and Oakland VP of baseball operations Billy Beane well describe them as executives who will not blink at the deadline if the Sonny Gray...
Theo Epstein boldly accepts their Cubs moment of truth Cubs president of baseball operations Theo Epstein got Aroldis Chapman and a checkmark for honesty. In July 2014, Epstein traded two veteran starters, Jeff Samardzija and Jason Hammel, to Oakland...
How to strike it rich in baseball without ever playing First it was a strategy. Then a book. Then a movie. Now “Moneyball,” Michael Lewis' tale of how the payroll-challenged Oakland A's used data to take on the big-spending Yankees,...
Mets have asked A's about trading for Danny Valencia Before the Mets acquired Kelly Johnson from Atlanta last week, they reached out to the Athletics to inquire about Danny Valencia, The Post has learned. Now, with David Wright officially...
Ranking baseball's top 10 GMs -- yes, Cashman makes the list With the general managers' meetings having wrapped up Thursday, and with the vast majority of the Hot Stove season still ahead of us, let's do our annual rankings of the...
Billy Beane isn't cheap about one thing: Using water in a drought SAN FRANCISCO — A California utility lists Oakland Athletics executive Billy Beane as among the top excessive water users in a district east of San Francisco. A September report from...
This looks like the worst Moneyball team of all time Since taking over from Sandy Alderson as A's general manager in 1998, Billy Beane had prided themselves that their team has never cratered despite payroll and stadium problems. In that...
'Moneyball' Billy Beane in awe of Mets Big 3's in-your-face velocity For a story in Friday's Post, we attempted to place the Mets' young starting pitching trio of Jacob deGrom, Matt Harvey and Noah Syndergaard in historical context. I found it...
The best of baseball: Ranking the top 5 at prime positions In an age of great pitching, just try to pick the best five. If you take Clayton Kershaw, Felix Hernandez, Max Scherzer, Jon Lester and Chris Sale, you leave out...
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United co-owner Andrea Radrizzani is on their way to Elland Road for this afternoon's crucial Championship clash against Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Garry Monk's men earned a late draw against Newcastle United on Good Friday, with Chris Wood popping up with a late leveller.
Now they will bid to make the Easter break a good one by taking all three points against Wolves, something which would mean a big step towards locking down a spot in the playoffs.
And watching on will be Radrizzani.
The Italian business person posted a photograph on Instagram and wrote: "On the way. #leeds ."
Radrizzani took a 50 per cent shareholding in Leeds earlier this year and could acquire the remaining 50 per cent from chairperson Massimo Cellino in the summer.
 They are set to hold talks with head coach Monk in June as the club look to plot the way ahead with the former Swansea City manager.
Monk signed a one-year contract at Elland Road last summer, succeeding Steve Evans.
Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence to be established with $1.91 million of government funding
The University of Melbourne and Edith Cowan University (ECU) will share $1.91 million of government funding over four years to establish ‘Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence' (ACCSE).
The funding is part of an effort to “help build the required expertise and job-ready skills” in information security which are desperately needed by Australian industry and government, Minister for Education and Training Simon Birmingham and Minister Assisting the Prime Minister for Cybersecurity Dan Tehan said in a statement today.
The ACCSE program is part of the government's $230 million Cybersecurity Strategy launched by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in April last year.
The funding will be sued to encourage more students to undertake studies in cybersecurity; increase the number of highly qualified post-graduates with job ready skills and provide support for research that addresses key cybersecurity challenges confronting the nation.
“Our ambition is to attract more of Australia's best and brightest into this critically important area, regardless of their background," Birmingham said today. "Graduates from the successful centres of excellence will be equipped with the best knowledge to meet the needs of the cyber industry, business and government."
“What's more, the centres will encourage the commercialisation of their cybersecurity research and benefit Australia's small and medium sized industries.”
It is expected that the ACCSE will be self-sustaining with ongoing operations funded through student course fees and fee-for-service income, including from Government agencies and the private sector.
The universities will also use the funding to improve the awareness of cybersecurity issues among the general public. This work includes programs to encourage more school-age children to study STEM subjects related to cybersecurity, short courses for those already in the workforce and opportunities for TAFE students to move into a university study.
“Encouraging a generation of Australian cybersecurity professionals is good for our cybersecurity, good for the economy and good for the young Australians who pursue careers in this area,” Tehan added.
Boom industry
ECU School of Science Executive Dean Professor Andrew Woodward said graduates with cybersecurity skill were in high and constant demand.
“Cybersecurity skills are in such high demand we see our best students being offered six-figure salaries when they're only in their second year of a degree. The industry is booming globally right now. It has been for the past decade and will continue to boom into the next decade.” they said.
“Unlike industries such as mining and construction which can boom and bust – we're only connecting more devices to the internet and that means more demand for cybersecurity professionals. That demand is being fed by the realisation that companies outside the tech industry need trained cybersecurity personnel.”
Since 2001 more than 1000 cybersecurity professionals have graduated from ECU's cybersecurity program – one of the longest running programs of its kind in Australia.
The private sector has also been funding cybersecurity centre's within universities over recent months. At the end of last year Optus Business formed a partnership with La Trobe University to offer a “market leading” cybersecurity degree. The partnership followed the launch of the Optus Macquarie University Cybersecurity Hub, the result of a $10m dollar between the telco and the Sydney university.
October last year saw the launch of the SEC.EDU Security Engineering Lab at UNSW which was backed by the Commonwealth Bank.
The lack of cybersecurity professionals is felt more acutely in Australia than in other countries, according to a 2016 survey by US think tank, the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
The survey's respondents predicted that 17 per cent of cybersecurity positions advertised by their company would go unfilled by 2020. Nearly 90 per cent of Australian IT decision makers believe there is a shortage of cybersecurity skills both in their organisation and within the nation.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Trump: Gunman who shot U.S. lawmaker is dead
President Trump praised the Capitol police and local law enforcement.
The post Trump: Gunman who shot U.S. lawmaker is dead appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of their internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 They watched their husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
Bel Air land fiasco.. Town Clerk acts without Council's approval– Deputy Mayor
Deputy Mayor, Lionel Jaikaran, has warned that Town Clerk Royston King's pursuit of legal action in the Bel Air playground matter is without the approval of the Mayor and City Council (M&CC).
M&CC approached the Court in a bid to have a ruling by Justice Gino Persaud pertaining to a plot of community land located at Bel Air Park, Georgetown, set aside.
“News of the Town Clerk's continuation of the court action stopping the city council's attempt to appropriate the Bel Air Park playground has come as a complete surprise to me, there being no consultation or vote by the council on this matter,” Jaikaran explained.
The land at the centre of the contention is located along Eping Avenue, Bel Air Park Georgetown and was earmarked as the community playground.
According to court documents, the Council had intended to sell or lease reserved community lands to a private developer.
The Council was in negotiations with local housing developer, Terrence Taljit, to transfer to them prime community lands despite a restriction on the transport of the property for use as community purposes only.
The plot of land is earmarked by the Council to construct housing for top members of the City Administration.
Attorney for the M&CC, Roger Yearwood, filed proceedings requesting that the judgment be set aside and a stay be granted against the execution of the order.
Based on the application made, a hearing is set to take place before Justice Persaud at the High Court on February 12, 2018. It is unclear how much taxpayer funds are being used to pursue the matter in the High Court, which now appears, based on Jaikaran's observations, to be devoid of council members.
Even after the court ruling, officers of the Council moved to clear and fence the open playfield.
“I am extremely concerned that the unilateral acts of the Town Clerk are tarnishing the reputation of the entire council, this being particularly troubling since the matter has neither been discussed nor voted on by the full council,” Jaikaran stated.
They noted that the decision to ‘destroy the park' and use it for housing was never discussed and sanctioned by the full Council.
According to the Deputy Mayor, there is a discussion among counsel for the Bel Air Park residents about the possibility of lodging a criminal complaint under the provisions of the state asset recovery act, which defines state assets to include municipal property.
“I would like to make it clear to the public that I did not know of and do not approve the Town Clerk's actions to appropriate the playground for housing for themselves and senior City Hall officials,” Jaikaran pointed out.
Minister of Communities, Ronald Bulkan, has condemned the attempts by the Georgetown Mayor and City Council to convert the Bel Air Park playfield into a space for residential use.
The Google Drive client for Windows and Mac is.. decent. It's a bit buggy, and at least on Windows, seems to disconnect every once in a while for no apparent reason. Back in March, we learned that Google was working on a new version called 'Backup and Sync,' because the company accidentally pushed an unfinished version to users which didn't work at all.
Now it seems like Backup and Sync is nearly ready for release. In a post on the G Suite Updates blog, Google announced that this new client would replace the existing Google Drive sync program on Windows and Mac. All your Drive settings will be merged over to Backup and Sync, so you don't have to worry about your synced folders getting reset.
The new client is also integrated with the Google Photos desktop uploader. I'm not sure why they didn't just combine the two of them, but maybe that will happen at some point. Google says the new Backup and Sync app will be available for download June 28. Keep in mind that this is separate from Drive File Stream, which is targeted towards G Suite organizations.
CENTRAL ISLIP, N.Y. — The Long Island Ducks and Bridgeport Bluefish tried some radical speedup rules Saturday in an exhibition of the independent Atlantic League. Batters were awarded walks when...
ABC News(MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.) — Two puppies rescued from storm-ravaged Puerto Rico will star in the Puppy Bowl on Super Bowl Sunday.
Kaleb Jr. and Archer, two mixed-breeds, are among more than 1,000 dogs that have been transported to safety from Puerto Rico by rescue group The Sato Project since Hurricane Maria roared ashore the U.S. territory.
Since 2001, The Sato Project has been rescuing abandoned and abused dogs from Puerto Rico, where limited spay and neuter practices have lead to unwanted litters of puppies. The organization, which gets its name from the Puerto Rican slang for stray dog, “sato,” typically focuses its efforts on an area known as Dead Dog Beach in Yabucoa municipality in the southeast corner of the island, where many unwanted canines are dumped.
But the situation was exacerbated when Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane on Sept. 20, according to Christina Beckles, founder and president of The Sato Project. Now, the group is rescuing dogs from all over the island.
“The amount of dogs that need help now is beyond anything I've ever seen before in all those years of rescue,” Beckles told ABC News in a telephone interview Friday.
Hurricane Maria ravaged homes and knocked out the island's entire power grid. The government of Puerto Rico put the official death toll as a result of Maria at 64. But after some independent analyses found the count was likely significantly higher, Puerto Rico's governor ordered a review of all deaths that have occurred since the storm struck.
Without power and access to clean water for weeks following the hurricane, animal welfare groups like The Sato Project were unable to provide veterinary services on the island, such as spaying and neutering. And with all commercial airline cargo space sequestered by FEMA and the U.S. military, The Sato Project couldn't to fly a dog weighing more than 20 pounds off the island.
Though the group's operations are back up and running, Beckles said the influx of puppy litters born in the storm's aftermath is overwhelming.
“Now we're seeing the effect of that. We're getting more puppies than I have ever seen before,” Beckles said. “I truly feel that we have lost seven years of work with Maria, which is heartbreaking.”
It's been more than four months since the storm hit, yet nearly half a million customers were still without power in Puerto Rico at the end of January, according to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Ninety-six percent of the island has access to drinking water, according to the Puerto Rican government, though a “boil water” advisory remains in effect.
FEMA announced Tuesday that the agency's food and water aid to Puerto Rico is no longer needed for emergency operations, citing the restoration of the commercial food and water supply chain and the availability of private suppliers.
The devastation wrought by Hurricane Maria has forced tens of thousands of people who were living in Puerto Rico to come to the U.S. mainland. Hunter College's Center for Puerto Rican Studies estimates that Puerto Rico will lose up to 470,335 residents, or 14 percent of its population, from 2017 to 2019.
“We have the hundreds of thousands of dogs that were already stray and abandoned on the streets, and now those numbers are increasing because people are abandoning their dogs as they leave the island or they can't afford to care for them,” Beckles said. “And it's not ending anytime soon.”
On average, the Sato Project rescues and rehabilitates about 350 dogs every year in Puerto Rico and flies them to New York for adoption. The organization has donated generators, emergency veterinary supplies, more than 200 dogs beds and over 50,000 pounds of dog food in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
In addition to finding forever homes for rescued pups, The Sato Project has reunited 183 owned dogs with their families since the storm. One of the dogs was a medical support animal owned by a diabetic woman, who had to leave their home in Puerto Rico behind because they didn't have access to insulin after the hurricane. They had been in two diabetic comas without their beloved companion at their side to sense their sugar levels.
The two puppies featured in this year's Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet have already found loving homes in New York. Kaleb Jr. has been renamed Murphy by their adoptive mom and Archer's new family has renamed them Maddox.
The four-legged all-stars will go paw-to-paw in Sunday's furry competition with other puppies rescued from areas devastated by natural disasters last year. Animal Planet worked with 48 different animal shelters and rescue organizations from 25 U.S. states and territories to fill the adorable rosters of Team Fluff and Team Ruff.
“There's no need to ever buy a dog,” Beckles said. “You can find whatever dog your heart desires at your local shelter.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
(AP Photo/Michael Schmelling, File). FILE - In this 1997 file photo, Al Yeganeh poses for a photograph outside their business, Soup Kitchen International, in New York. The company that sells soup made with Yeganeh's recipes has filed for bankruptcy less ...
NEW YORK (AP) - A company that sells soup from the recipes of the chef who was the real-life model of the Soup Nazi on "Seinfeld" has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges they cheated the government out of employment-related taxes.
Soupman Inc., based in Staten Island, sells soups made from the recipes of Al Yeganeh. Yeganeh and their soup stand were the inspirations behind the "Seinfeld" television show character, who shouted the catchphrase "No soup for you!"
The company's CEO, Jamie Karson, said Tuesday that "the combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection." Karson said its products, including jambalaya, lobster bisque and chicken gumbo, would still be available in stores.
Last month, CFO Robert Bertrand was charged in Brooklyn federal court with failing to pay Medicare, Social Security and federal income taxes for company employees. The government said they paid employees unreported cash and gave some workers large unreported stock awards from 2010 through 2014.
According to the indictment, the total estimated tax loss to the Internal Revenue Service was $593,000. Bertrand, of Norwalk, Connecticut, has pleaded not guilty and has been released on $50,000 bail.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
It's unusual that I see something entirely new on my Mac. A few days ago, I got up early to get some writing done, but my 27-inch iMac's Internet connection was being horribly slow, and the entire machine was struggling. Restarting my AirPort Extreme Base Station didn't seem to help, so I restarted the Mac. Instead of booting normally, I ended up at a screen containing only an Installation Log window and an error dialog saying “The macOS installation couldn't be completed.” That was confusing since I hadn't asked the App Store app to install macOS 10.13.4.
However, clicking the Restart button just brought up the screen and error dialog again. I looked through the log and saved a copy, but none of the errors looked all that problematic.
With seemingly no other recourse, I clicked Restart one last time, held down Command-Option-R to boot into macOS Recovery, and reinstalled the operating system. (Did you know that different versions of Command-R cause different versions of macOS to be installed by macOS Recovery? Check out this Apple support article for the details.) Afterward, everything was fine, so I chalked it up to gremlins and started writing this article, but got sidetracked by work on our Internet infrastructure.
A few days later, however, my MacBook Air was performing badly, so I decided to restart it as well. I know for certain that it was running 10.13.3, and I explicitly did not ask for 10.13.4 to be installed — I just wanted a quick restart to clear up the performance problems.
Shockingly, when the MacBook Air rebooted, it showed the same Installation Log screen and error. The log looked similar, and restarting had no effect. Rather than reinstall macOS right away, though, I tried something new: I held down the Option key at startup and then selected my boot drive. That worked — the MacBook Air booted normally into macOS 10.13.3, and when I intentionally installed 10.13.4, the installation proceeded properly.
Surprising as it was to experience the same entirely new problem on both of my Macs in quick succession, I figured that I do things that most users don't, like enable the root user to test security bugs (see “High Sierra Bug Provides Full Root Access,” 28 November 2017). But just a few hours later, my son Tristan called. This never happens — like many people of their generation, Tristan is categorically allergic to the telephone — but I hadn't responded to a picture of their MacBook Pro that he'd sent me in Slack. When I looked, I couldn't believe my eyes. It was the same Installation Log screen and error as I'd seen on both my Macs.
Luckily, the trick I'd employed to get my MacBook Air to boot worked well for them too — it's always nice when we aged parents get to show off our technical prowess. Tristan also provided another data point that they had not tried to install 10.13.4 at all. In fact, their MacBook Pro had restarted only because they had plugged it back in after it had run out of power and shut down. They said that it had been running very slowly before that too.
So let's recap. In three separate instances, a Mac that's running macOS 10.13.3 starts running slowly. Upon restart — without the user asking to install 10.13.4 — the Mac boots into the Installation Log app and shows an error saying the macOS installation couldn't be completed. Restarting doesn't help, but the first thing to try is holding down Option as the Mac boots and selecting the primary drive. If that doesn't work, boot into macOS Recovery and reinstall the operating system. No data will be lost either way, but hey, make sure you have backups anyway!
How common is this problem? Unclear, although there's a discussion of it on AskDifferent that covers the same ground I did. If you've already upgraded to macOS 10.13.4, you're probably safe. But if you've been holding off upgrading, which is usually the cautious thing to do, be aware that it's possible you might encounter this situation on your next restart.
I have little idea of what could be going on under the hood. Perhaps it's related to the “Download newly available updates in the background” checkbox in System Preferences > App Store, although that was set differently on my two Macs. It might not even be connected to macOS 10.13.4 — perhaps the “macOS installation” that's failing is related to the “Install system data files and security updates” checkbox, which should always remain selected (see “Make Sure You're Getting OS X Security Data,” 30 March 2016).
If you have any insight into this problem, let us know in the comments.
(CNN) -- A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit their head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando "Mando" Martinez, D-Weslaco, said their wife had just given them a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing they knew, "it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head."
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said they had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when they were hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
"Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation," Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators "have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet," county sheriff's office spokesperson JP Rodriguez said.
"There is no evidence to indicate they were targeted," Rodriguez said.
"It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it," Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
DENVER – The Jets suffered a crushing 23-0 loss to the Broncos on Sunday, dropping them to 5-8 and all but ending the slim hope they had for making the playoffs. Here are some thoughts and observations from the game:
1. Todd Bowles celebrated a short press conference last week, showing their disdain for dealing with the media. Perhaps they should be buying us all a present instead.
Bowles and the Jets have benefited from the low expectations the media placed on this team in the preseason. They have the worst roster … the worst quarterback … the worst wide receivers … they will go 0-16, etc. Because of that framing, the 5-8 record the Jets have is viewed as a positive. They have overachieved is what everyone says about this team.
But what if all of us in the media were just wrong? What if instead of overachieving, the Jets are playing exactly to the level of their talent? Then, Bowles and the Jets would be viewed differently right now.
Then, they might be viewed as a team that is about to miss the playoffs for the third straight time under Bowles and the seventh straight year as an organization. Then, Bowles might draw criticism for not being able to get their team to play on the road (1-5) like they do at home (4-3). Then, Bowles might get criticized for a team that comes out flat way too often and can't seem to handle any prosperity. Every time you think this team has turned the corner, they trip on the curb and fall on their face.
I still think Bowles will get an extension at the end of the year because the brothers Johnson set the bar low for this season like the rest of us. That is why they said Bowles would be judged on progress and not wins and losses. Clearly, the Jets have some young players who have developed this year, and Bowles gets credit for that. But if you watch closely, there are still plenty of questions about Bowles as a head coach.
Bowles again made some curious decisions on Sunday. They seemed to give up in the game twice. At the end of the first half, they did not use a timeout before the Broncos attempted a field goal. It would have given their offense a minute to work with and two timeouts. Instead, they kneeled on the ball with 30 seconds left, happy just to get to the locker room. Then, the Jets ran the ball at the end of the game, losing 23-0. After the game, Bowles said the Jets were out of the game by then. That is a curious thing for any competitor to say. Why not throw it all over the field, hoping you might get a big play?
If the Jets lose out (certainly a possibility), they would be 5-11 for the second straight year. Some would see that as an amazing achievement because the Jets were projected to win between 0-3 games. I get that, and that will benefit Bowles. But I also wonder if this team was just better than everyone thought and has played exactly to what it is: a mediocre team, not a horrible one.
2. I get asked about Josh McCown in nearly every radio interview I do. One of the things I generally say about them is how positive a guy they are. McCown oozes optimism and does not seem to have a pessimistic bone in their body. It has greatly helped this team in dealing with a lot of negativity from the outside.
That was what made Sunday so tough, when they were in tears after the game, realizing their season was over and possibly their career after they broke their left hand. The positivity was gone for that moment, and McCown was dealing with their reality. The power of positive thinking was not getting them back on the field.
I have no doubt that McCown will be back to their positive self in a few days.  They are one of the most popular teammates I have been around, and their loss will be felt by the locker room.
3. Well, we finally get to take a look at the young guys. We have been talking about when Bryce Petty and/or Christian Hackenberg would play since the preseason. Here we go.
Petty is first up. Lost in the debacle that was the loss on Sunday was how poorly Petty played in relief of McCown. They only completed 1-of-8 passes after coming in for McCown in the second half (he had one completion in the first half when McCown was injured). The Jets now have a week to tailor a gameplan around Petty for the Saints. This is a tough situation for Petty to come into. The Saints are a very good team, and the Superdome is a tough place to play. The Jets seemed to make up their minds on Petty after last year's four-game tryout. They barely saw any time early in training camp. They did some good things in preseason games, but was always matched up with backup defenses.
If Petty stumbles, the Jets have a chance to take Hackenberg out of the bubble wrap he's been in for two years and actually let them play. I suspect the Jets coaches are scared to death of playing Hackenberg after the way they've acted in the last month when the prospect of playing them has been brought up. But why not give them some time here? The season is over. If they play poorly, what is lost?
I expect to see Hackenberg at some point. Petty has struggled to stay healthy in their time with the Jets, and I don't expect them to come in and light up the scoreboard.
The Jets' remaining schedule is brutal with the game in New Orleans, home for the Chargers and then in New England. It won't be easy for HackenPetty to have much success.
4. The Broncos offense has 27 turnovers this season, the second worst total in the NFL. Only the Browns are worse. Yet, the Jets did not manage to force one on Sunday.
This is my biggest complaint with the Jets' defense: They fail to make many impact plays. They have 17 takeaways this season, which is in the middle of the pack in the league, but how many of those were huge plays? They had a few momentum-swinging turnovers in Cleveland and against the Bills at home. Other than that, I can't remember any big ones. They have not scored a defensive touchdown all year (the Jets have not scored one since 2013). They have not forced a turnover in three weeks.
Last week, the defense was awful against the Chiefs and the offense picked them up. On Sunday, the offense was putrid (100 total yards). The defense could have picked them up with a few turnovers, but failed to do so.
Revealing stat: The Jets' longest play of the game was 14 yards. That was a pass from McCown to Matt Forte in the third quarter. It was the play McCown broke their hand on.
Surprising snap count: David Bass played 28 of 70 (40 percent) at outside linebacker. Bass made some plays when they were in there, which may have kept them on the field. They had three tackles, a sack, a tackle for loss and a quarterback hit.
Game ball: There were not many good performances in this game for the Jets, but tight end Eric Tomlinson did a good job as the emergency long snapper after Thomas Hennessy was injured. That is not an easy situation to come into. Tomlinson's snaps were not perfect, but none led to disasters. Give them credit.
Nancy Lynn Hicks
December 26, 1957 – February 11, 2017
BOWIE – Nancy Lynn Hicks, 59, died Feb. 11, 2017 in Bowie, TX.
The family received friends from 6-8 p.m. Feb. 14 at The White Family Funeral Home.
A funeral service will be at 2 p.m. Feb. 15 at the First Baptist Church of Bowie.
Burial will follow at Elmwood Cemetery.
Hicks was born Dec. 26, 1957 in Seymour to Jim and Helen (Vickers) Hicks. They graduated from Bowie Christian Academy in 1978 and then attended Bible Baptist College in Springfield, MO and Cook Junior College, receiving their degree in nursing. They worked for hospitals in Wichita Falls, Dallas and Bowie.
 They are preceded in death by their parents, Jim and Helen Hicks; and sister-in-law, Carmeletta Hicks.
 They are survived by their daughter, Mandie Hicks, Bowie; brothers, Paul Hicks, Alvord, Jim Hicks, Bowie and Billy Hicks, Houston; sister, Cindy Debord, Wichita Falls; and numerous nieces, nephews, and great-nieces and nephews.
LONDON (AP) — The Latest on the London high-rise fire (all times local):
11:15 a.m.
London's police say that the death toll in the apartment building fire has increased to 17 people and is likely to rise even further.
Police Commander Stuart Cundy says that there is no suggestion the blaze was terror-related. Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton says specialist dogs would start searching the 24-story building.
Meanwhile, 44 households were given emergency accommodation after the blaze ripped through the tower on Wednesday. The local council says families with young children, elderly residents and the vulnerable were given “immediate priority.”
___
10:55 a.m.
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip have paid tribute to London firefighters whose bravery prevented a greater loss of life in the high-rise fire.
The monarch and the Duke of Edinburgh also have hailed volunteers offering support to dozens of victims from the devastating blaze.
The queen says “Prince Philip and I would like to pay tribute to the bravery of firefighters and other emergency services officers who put their own lives at risk to save others.”
At least 12 people have been killed in the fire, but the death toll is expected to rise.
___
9:55 a.m.
London's fire commissioner says that firefighters have been traumatized by the devastation they witnessed during a high-rise apartment blaze that killed at least 12 people.
Firefighters have extinguished the last of the flames at the 24-story and are now working to make the building safe so they can continue the search for more victims.
Entire families are missing, and the death toll is certain to rise. Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton told Sky would be a miracle if anyone were to be found alive.
Cotton says that firefighters are having trouble with the aftermath. They say “we like to think of ourselves as ‘roughty, toughty' and heroes —they are heroes —but they have feelings, and people were absolutely devastated.”
___
8:45 a.m.
London's fire commissioner says it will be a miracle if any survivors are found following a devastating high-rise fire that killed at least 12 people. Authorities have said many more victims are expected.
Dany Cotton told Sky News that authorities don't expect to find anyone else alive after the blaze and that it's too early to speculate on how it started.
They said early Thursday that authorities have finally extinguished the last pockets of flame, and are trying to secure edges of the building for a fingertip search.
–A previous version of this item has corrected the day of Cotton's comments to Thursday, not Wednesday.
___
8:10 a.m.
Community centers in London have been overwhelmed by the number of donations flooding in for those left homeless by a high-rise apartment building fire.
So much food, clothing, shoes and other items have been coming in that the centers, churches and mosques have had to start turning away new donations. At least 12 people have been killed in the inferno at the 24-story building, with the death toll expected to rise. Dozens of others have been hospitalized.
Missing people posters have been put up throughout the north London neighborhood of North Kensington. Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has offered free food for survivors at one of their nearby eateries.
___
7:40 a.m.
London fire investigators are painstakingly searching for more victims of an inferno that engulfed a high-rise apartment building and killed at least 12 residents.
Authorities say the death toll is expected to rise as emergency workers sift through more of the wreckage on Thursday.
The fire early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured dozens, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. The cause of the blaze is under investigation, but a tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 1 million pounds ($1.27 million) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
ARLINGTON, Va. — President Donald Trump paid a Memorial Day tribute at Arlington National Cemetery to those who have fallen in battle or while protecting a nation forever thankful for their selfless service.
"We mourn alongside their families and we strive to be worthy of their sacrifice," the commander in chief told an audience of Cabinet members, military leaders, veterans and families assembled in the marble amphitheater near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Trump said they came to the "sacred soil" of Arlington on Monday "to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes" — the men and women who laid down their lives so that others could be free.
Trump also laid a wreath at the tomb during their second Memorial Day trip to Arlington as president.
Before heading to the hallowed grounds across the Potomac River from the nation's capital, Trump tweeted that "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today."
In the tweet, the president veered from the somber to self-congratulatory, citing what they said was the "Best economy in decades, the lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (& women in 18years) ..."
They were criticized for their tone by a number of people, including the former chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the Obama administration, former Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, who tweeted, "This day, of all days of the year, should not be about any one of us."
John Kirby, a State Department spokesperson in the Obama administration, called Trump's tweet "one of the most inappropriate, ignorant and tone-deaf things our Commander-in-Chief could have said on a day like today."
At Arlington, Trump said the heroes who died for America "rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields and burial grounds near and far, and are drawn from the full tapestry of American life."
They said they came from "every generation, from towering cities and wind-swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty. They were generals and privates, captains and corporals of every race, color and of every creed, but they were all brothers and sisters in arms. And they were all united then, as they are united now, forever, by their undying love of our great country."
President Donald Trump speaks at the Memorial Amphitheater in Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day, Monday, May 28, 2018 in Arlington, Virginia. Alex Brandon / AP
Gen. Joseph Dunford, the current chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, honored the more than a million Americans they said "gave their last full measure so we could live in freedom and raise our children in peace."
They also honored the families "they left behind and for whom every day is Memorial Day."
Those who fought and died for America, they said, "shared a commitment to something greater than themselves and they were people who understand what we have in this country is worth fighting for."
Those who attended the Memorial Day tribute included Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, whose son, Marine 2nd Lt. Robert M. Kelly, was killed in November 2010 after they stepped on a land mine while on patrol in southern Afghanistan.  They are buried at Arlington.
As many of you will recall, around Black Friday/Christmas last year, Best Buy ran a really sweet deal for Visa Checkout users. On any purchase of $100 or more, you would get $25 off. That is now back and with the same conditions.
Visa Checkout does not require a Visa card to use — it can store any major credit or debit card, as well as the Best Buy (Visa) card. However, there are quite a few exclusions to keep in mind, such as Samsung, LG, Sony, and Magnolia TVs and home theater equipment, the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot, GoPro and various audio products (including Sony and "select" Samsung ones), Google Wifi, gift cards and subscriptions, and several others. Be sure to read the full list of limitations in the source link.
Even with all of those, this is a perfect excuse to pick up a Google Home or something else that catches your fancy. Like before, this is valid online only and for a limited time (a week in this case). Get going!
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Cryptocurrencies have become the hottest of hot topics — it seems not a day goes by without some Wall Street VIP or financial luminary proclaiming their stance.
Is bitcoin BTCUSD, +0.81% a “fraud” or the future? Are ICOs just a scam? Depends on whom you ask. One thing's for sure, there's no shortage of opinions.
Here's what some of the financial-world heavyweights have had to say lately.
Goldman Sachs GS, +0.04% CEO Lloyd Blankfein:
‘Still thinking...'
In a tweet on Oct. 3, Blankfein appeared to signal that the jury is still out on bitcoin, but also cautioned skeptics to consider that the rise of paper money over gold might also have fostered similar doubts from market stalwarts.
Here's the substance of their tweet: “Still thinking about #Bitcoin. No conclusion-not endorsing/rejecting. know that folks also were skeptical when paper money displaced gold.”
Still thinking about #Bitcoin. No conclusion - not endorsing/rejecting. Know that folks also were skeptical when paper money displaced gold. — Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) October 3, 2017
Meanwhile, Goldman is reportedly exploring a new trading platform that would be centered on trading in bitcoin and its rivals, like ether.
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.30% CEO Jamie Dimon:
‘It's a fraud.'
Dimon said in early September that “bitcoin is not a real thing and it's solely speculative and that there's no need for it in the U.S.”
They have also compared the rapid ascent of bitcoin with the 17th-century mania over tulip bulbs — viewed as a classic, textbook bubble — and predicted that things may end just as badly for investors in the decentralized currency, which has been surging over the past year.
“Bitcoin will eventually blow up. It's a fraud. It's worse than tulip bulbs and won't end well,” they said.
Dimon also said they would fire any trader trading bitcoin for being “stupid.”
Morgan Stanley MS, -0.06% CEO James Gorman:
‘More than just a fad'
Gorman came out on the record in late September to argue that the cryptocurrency phenomenon at least is “more than just a fad.”
“I haven't invested in it. I've talked to a lot of people who have. It's obviously highly speculative but it's not something that's inherently bad. It's a natural consequence of the whole blockchain technology.”
Gorman has said some of the potential attractions of a digital currency are “the privacy protections it gives people,” adding that it is “interesting because what it says to the central banking system about controlling that.”
Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, -0.22% :
‘It's a mirage...'
Way back in 2014 (a century ago in cryptocurrency time), the Oracle of Omaha said this about bitcoin on CNBC:
“Stay away from it. It's a mirage, basically. It's a method of transmitting money. It's a very effective way of transmitting money and you can do it anonymously and all that. A check is a way of transmitting money too. Are checks worth a whole lot of money? Just because they can transmit money?”
UBS UBS, -0.47% Chairman Axel Weber:
‘Only a transaction currency”
“I get often asked why I‘m so skeptical about bitcoin, it probably comes from my background as a central banker,” Weber said at a conference in Zurich on Oct. 4.
“The important function of a currency is, it's a means of payment, it has to be generally accepted, it has to be a store of value and it's a transaction currency. Bitcoin is only a transaction currency.”
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink:
‘I am a big believer in the potential...'
The rapid ascent of cryptocurrencies “identifies how much money laundering there is being done in the world,” Fink said during a Bloomberg interview with the Wall Street luminary at the BlackRock Fixed Income ETF conference in New York on Oct. 3.
However, they also said: “I am a big believer in the potential in what cryptocurrencies can do.” They said they saw “huge opportunities,” but that presently the atmosphere around bitcoin was “more speculative.”
Ray Dalio, founder of Bridgewater Associates, the world's largest hedge fund:
‘Bitcoin is a bubble.'
Dalio said in September that cryptocurrencies like bitcoin meet their firm's criteria for a market bubble, in part because they don't serve as a reliable storehold of value due to their extreme volatility and signs that people buy them with the sole of intent of selling them later on at a higher price.
“Bitcoin is a highly speculative market,” they told CNBC. “Bitcoin is a bubble.”
Fidelity Investments CEO Abigail Johnson:
‘We need to address the barriers...'
Johnson has come out as a proponent of cryptocurrencies, and has made cryptocurrency balances visible on the investment manager's website for customers who hold an account with Coinbase — a popular crypto exchange.
“I like to think that huge new markets and products will be built on these platforms,” Johnson said at Consensus, a blockchain-centric conference put on by digital currency site CoinDesk. “But before that can happen, we need to address the barriers there are to adoption — and there are several.”
We laid out the four primary roadblocks they identified here.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — After deciding not to play for the French national team this summer, Hornets guard Nic Batum has apparently lost the support of some countrymen.
Batum said Friday that some fans in their native France are celebrating their recent injury and taunting them on social media.
Batum had played for the French team each year since they were a teenager, but passed on the experience this summer to instead prepare for Charlotte's season. Now, he'll miss at least six to eight weeks with a torn ligament in their left elbow.
“I know (some) people in France are happy about it; that's the sad part,” Batum said. “Really, for real. I got on stuff and people are happy like I deserve it. … Trust me, I get those reactions on social media.”
But they quickly added, “I (also) got a lot of support from France and here.”
It was perplexing to the nine-year NBA pro that some fans rejoiced in their misfortune.
Batum had been dedicated to the French team and said they struggled with the decision to forego international play. Following Charlotte's 36-46 season, though, they felt they needed to focus on getting the Hornets back to the playoffs — especially after receiving a $120 million contract in 2016.
Still, a big part of their heart remains with the French squad.
In 2009, Batum hurt their shoulder during training camp working out for France. When they returned to Portland to prepare for the NBA season with the Trail Blazers, Batum said they were told they needed surgery.
“I said, ‘No! I've got to play Eurobasket.”‘ Batum said.
And they did.
When they returned to Portland, they hurt the shoulder again and missed four months of the NBA season.
Now, he's working through an elbow injury they sustained Wednesday night in a preseason game.
Batum will see a specialist in Dallas on Monday to determine whether they need surgery. The right-handed shooter has been told they won't miss the entire season, even if they require an operation.
“It's my left arm, so that's good,” Batum said.
Jeremy Lamb is expected to start for Batum.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Image copyright Getty Images
Most of us have had the call from someone with a strong Indian accent: "I'm phoning from Microsoft. My name is Justin, and we've been alerted to a problem with your computer, which needs an urgent software update."
That's the easy type to spot, particularly if you compute with Apple. What if they hit a raw nerve?
"I'm phoning from your tax office. We see that you've failed to pay your tax bill. If you don't pay some of it now, enforcement officers will call in the next 24 hours."
Or they play on the hopes of the financially distressed that they might get lucky: "I'm phoning to let you know the good news about that loan you applied for..."
You may have been infiltrated by malware: "This computer will not function unless you call us now at this number."
How many victims pay up because there's stuff on the hard disk they'd rather keep to themselves?
The scams may be unsubtle, but they're numerous, and it's astonishing how many of them work. We know because it's worth so many people working at them - thousands in the grimmer IT sweatshops of India's big cities.
Cold-calling
And one thing that strikes me every time I get the call from "Microsoft" is how dismal it must be to work in those call centres - cold calling, deceiving, ripping people off and probably getting earfuls of abuse.
An insight into this other end of the phone line and the scamming industry has been provided in a new book about India's 600 million people aged under 25. It doesn't pretend to represent them all, but what it does offer is a fairly bleak picture.
Snighda Poonam is the Indian journalist, specialising in youth coverage, who has focussed on six Indians with interesting tales to tell, each representative of youth megatrends in play.
Image copyright Getty Images
The overall finding is that young India is fiercely ambitious. This generation buys into the political rhetoric with which the ruling party in Delhi won its support. They are "the Dreamers".
I'm currently visiting India, and yes, there's something in the air (apart from alarming levels of pollution) about the boundless possibilities for a country of this scale, even with its vast challenges. Some of that comes from it being such an obviously young country.
But having set their stellar ambitions for wealth, celebrity, influence, power and respect, the very presence of so many others with similar ambitions means a lot of them are bound for disappointment. According to Poonam, they figure that out quite early.
Them disturbing conclusion is how easily they reach for something and someone to blame.
Entitlement
The politics of grievance, of groups quick to take offence, have long been a feature of India's public life.
The complex structure of positive discrimination for those who have lost out in the past through caste, religion, tribe, class or poverty is a focus for other groups.
Some demand their own quotas of university places or government jobs.
Poonam has found - and she's not the first - a fierce resentment from those born to a sense of entitlement, who feel there are imposters who have barged into the queue ahead of them.
Identity therefore becomes all the more important to everyone, and particularly to majority Hindus.
Asserting that identity, and doing so at a cost to others, is on the rise.
Call centres
Surely the best way of handling the pressure of so much youthful ambition is with a good reliable income, coupled with the love of a stable family?
Family formation is increasingly fraught. Arranged marriages remain very firmly the norm.
But modernity for the Dreamers means trying to figure out entirely new rules for pre-marriage dating. It seems to be the source of a lot of anxiety, frustration and messy gender relations.
That good reliable income is a dream for a lot of Dreamers, and one that's out of reach. Only a small minority can expect to get steady salaried jobs, even with college degrees.
Image copyright Getty Images
The call centre industry - or Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) as it's known - has absorbed vast numbers, and for the first time opened the door to financial freedom for young graduate women.
But the dream is not what it was, at peak BPO, around 14 years ago. The industry is watching nervously as Artificial Intelligence gathers pace.
Snighda Poonam recounts their own experience of responding to adverts, where they had to pretend to have reached the stated requirement of "40% spoken English".
That gets you in the door of a broker, where a fee is required, and an expensive training course, of dubious quality. That, in turn, might get you in the door for an interview. And by the time you've forked out to jump through further hoops, you're out of savings and you have to take whatever there is.
What they found was that leaves a lot of young people vulnerable to the lure of the scamming industry.
Victims
It's only recently that the scale of it has become clearer. This is down to a whistle-blower, who used to celebrate at the end of each day he'd spent ripping off gullible Americans, by persuading them they owed tax.
On one such call, their victim began to cry. They had to go to the food bank to feed their child, and had no money to pay the tax demand.
They hung up, walked out, and blew the whistle on that one Mumbai operation, where around 600 people were found to be at it.
Their earnings are miserly, at less than 2% of the takings. Typically, says the Dreamers author, they tell themselves they'll do it for a month or two, to get back on their feet financially, and then get something better.
They leave, and find there's not much out there for them, so they're drawn back into scamming, or looking for a scapegoat, or both.
In many cases the scam can be to draw more Indians like them into the web: "Are you looking for a new job? Yes, of course you are. Well, here's an offer that's too good to believe..."
Not only are these Dreamers failing to live the dream: they're often as much the victims as the people on the other end of the line.
Dreamers: How Young Indians are Changing Their World, by Snighda Poonam, is published by Penguin-Viking.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Comments about SpamSieve 2.9.30
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
Now a 64-bit only app, the spam filtering utility requires OS X 10.7 Lion or later. ($30 new, free update, 13.7 MB)
Wreck at SC 261, US 521
Last Updated: February 2, 2018 at 9:14 pm
The S.C. Highway Patrol is currently reporting a wreck with no injuries at S.C 261 and U.S. 521 in Manning near the Kent bicycle plant.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos made a bold choice of opening anecdote in a speech to charter school advocates on Tuesday: Shetold the story of how their family chose to forego the public education system entirely, sending their young son to a Christian private school.
DeVos spoke of the need to ensure that poor students had the ability to attend not just charter schools, but private schools, too — just as their son had done. It was a heavy allusion to the necessity of a voucher system — one that would allow families to use taxpayer money to pay for private and religious schools.
But vouchers have long been considered politically toxic for many in the charter school movement, who are already wondering how closely their schools — attended primarily by low-income, black, and Latino students — should link their fortunes to those of the Trump administration.
“Charter schools are here to stay,” DeVos told the crowd on Tuesday. “But we must recognize that charters aren't the right fit for every child. For many children, neither a traditional nor a charter public school works for them.”
When DeVos singled out a charter school for praise, they then praised a private school in the next breath, singling out several "Christian schools," including one that operated, mostly tuition-free, in a homeless shelter.
Them remarks were received with limited enthusiasm, among what should have been one of the friendliest crowds the controversial DeVos will address — a group of teachers, administrators and advocates who have embraced school choice as a solution to inequality. Less than half the audience stood to applaud as they finished, and many others remained silent.
“I was surprised at the reaction they got here, honestly,” said one conference attendee, a charter operator who said they were a strong supporter of DeVos. “This is one of the best places that they could be: a very friendly crowd full of school choice advocates. I was a little stunned that there wasn't bigger support for her.”
“Maybe it was because it was so early in the morning,” they added. “People haven't had their coffee.”
DeVos is the most ardent supporter of school choice to ever serve as education secretary, advocating policies that would elevate parents' ability to choose their child's school above all other considerations. In a Trump budget that would slash billions from every other corner of education funding, DeVos's department has carved out $1 billion to expand school choice nationwide.
But by advocating for public money to flow to private and religious schools alongside charters, DeVos has unsettled leaders in the charter school movement, who have forged a rare bipartisan consensus in recent years. Despite opposition from teachers unions, many Democrats have willingly crossed the aisle to align with Republicans on policies that would allow charters to grow and experiment. But many school choice advocates, including some moderate Republicans, see vouchers as a step too far.
“High quality charter schools have gotten lumped into this broad brush that's been painted with vouchers, and with tax credit scholarships,” said Kelly McManus, the director of government affairs at the pro-charter school Education Trust. “That's not accurate and not fair to them.”
In their speech to charter leaders, DeVos did not expressly advocate expanding vouchers to pay for private schools. But they pointedly placed charter schools and their students alongside private religious ones, and said that low-income students should be given the chance to attend both.
“I suggest we focus less on what word comes before ‘school,' whether it be traditional, charter, virtual, magnet, home, parochial, private, or any approach yet to be developed,” DeVos said, “and focus instead on the individuals they are intended to serve.”
"I wish they would just come out and say what we're all worried about — that she's expanding vouchers," said one conference attendee, a charter school educator, after DeVos's speech. "We need to know what she's really going to do so we can figure out what these vouchers to our kids."
Beyond vouchers, the toxicity of the Trump administration itself is fueling anxiety among charter leaders. Because they work extensively with black, Latino, and low-income students, many left-leaning charter advocates say they have been pushed to become increasingly partisan — distancing themselves from the Trump administration to sate their progressive allies, but potentially alienating Republican supporters in the process.
“Those of us in the broad, big tent of the education reform world were on the cusp of making big gains with voters,” said Nick Melvoin, a pro-charter Democrat who won a seat on the school board of the Los Angeles Unified School District in May. The school choice policies of DeVos and Trump, they said, “unfortunately complicate the situation. There's been somewhat of a loss of that bipartisan consensus.”
Conference attendees also worried that DeVos seemed to downplay another key issue among many left-leaning charter advocates: the need to stringently hold charters accountable for their results. In their speech, DeVos criticized some in the charter movement for “boxing out” certain types of charters in favor of others.
In their home state of Michigan, where DeVos first set out a school choice agenda, critics say a lack of accountability caused an explosion of low-quality schools, many of which were for-profit. Elsewhere, online charter schools, mostly run by for-profit companies, have been denounced across the political spectrum for their poor performance, while a study released this week showed students at other for-profit providers to perform worse on math tests than students at nonprofits.
“Accountability is so important, and they didn't seem to mention that at all,” said one conference attendee, a charter school educator who asked not to be named. “Students need to actually be learning something, to be proficient.”
An audience-submitted question asked DeVos how they would ensure low-performing schools would be held accountable. In response, they emphasized the need for parents to be able to choose between schools, which, for DeVos, is essentially a catchall solution to the troubled education system. “It's not choice for choice's sake,” they said. “It's choice because parents are demanding something different for their children.”
Policies that alienate the charter school movement could ultimately hurt DeVos as they push their broader school choice agenda, said Andrew Saultz, an assistant professor of education at Miami University. “It's going to put them in a difficult situation, because she's trying to hold together a coalition where some people really question those things.”
“When you think about the coalition that was built around charters in the '90s and 2000s, particularly with Latino and black communities, I wonder the degree to which that coalition will survive” they said.
“The movement has had many of these tensions for a long period of time,” said Shavar Jeffries, the president of Democrats for Education Reform, a pro-charter nonprofit that has taken a strong stance against much of Trump's education agenda. “The unvarnished bigotry and the reactionary policies of the Trump administration have caused these tensions — which used to be below the surface — to boil over.”
However, it remains to be seen whether the rift among school choice advocates will actually affect policy.
“Right now it's a whole lot of DC buzz,” said Michael Petrilli, the president of the Thomas B. Fordham institute, a right-leaning education think tank. “Their embrace of private school choice could make the issue less popular among the electorate — as with anything they embrace, there's a risk that there could be some loss of support — but on the state level, it's hard to find a direct impact.”
Charter schools could ultimately benefit, Petrilli said, by presenting themselves as a political compromise between DeVos's voucher proposals and more hardline opponents of school choice.
Still, they said, the administration's embrace of school choice could be a political risk for charters, just as President Obama's support for the once-bipartisan Common Core — which even Betsy DeVos used to support — made the issue a pariah among Republicans.
“They have to be careful not to let what happened to the Common Core under Obama become charter schools under Trump,” Petrilli said.
An early test for left-leaning charter advocates played out last month in Los Angeles Unified School District, where a slate of candidates who pushed for charter school expansion were targeted by teachers unions that sought to portray them as allied with Trump and DeVos. A union-funded mailer painted Melvoin, a Democratic charter advocate, as one of the “candidates who will implement the Trump/DeVos education agenda in LA.”
Melvoin won the election, but only, they say, by making it expressly clear that they opposed DeVos policies like vouchers and for-profit charters, which they said should be banned in the district. “We had to come out so strongly against the administration,” Melvoin said.
Although they worked in the Obama administration, Melvoin said, “Putting my face with Trump and DeVos was so toxic. The association really seeped in with some voters.”
Excessive Heat Watch issued June 14 at 4:05PM PDT expiring June 21 at 9:00PM PDT in effect for: Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego
Excessive Heat Watch issued June 14 at 4:05PM PDT expiring June 21 at 9:00PM PDT in effect for: Riverside, San Diego
Excessive Heat Watch issued June 14 at 10:26AM PDT expiring June 21 at 9:00PM PDT in effect for: Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A luxury steam train bound for Oxford and Stratford-upon-Avon's Christmas markets was stranded at Reading station at the weekend.
The Steam Dreams Company's polar express train service was forced to grind to a halt after heavy snow wreaked havoc on the electric rails, blocking its path.
Many Cross Country and Southern Rail services at Reading had to be cancelled or rerouted to London, leaving passengers furious on one of the chilliest days of the year.
But the issues meant the steam train had to make an unscheduled turn around at Reading.
(Image: Shona Dunthie)
Typically the Duchess of Sutherland steam train, which has ferried hundreds of passengers including Queen Elizabeth II, would have handled the snow better than the Hogwart's Express but its electric counterparts weren't quite so fortunate.
A series of events - including a landslide between Birmingham and Bristol, poor road conditions between Leicester, Ely and Cambridge and strike action - meant the Duchess wasn't going to be flying anywhere in a hurry.
Many of those grounded at Reading stopped to admire the train, which is one of few steam locomotives still in use after being restored to its former glory.
The service which typically "transports passengers back in time" through visits to Victorian Christmas markets, sadly came up against some modern day inconvenience as trains between Oxford and Reading were no longer running.
Remaining passengers on the train had to disembark at Slough due to heavy congestion at London stations.
HAVRE, Mont. — A Montana resident who wrote “sexual favors” in the memo line on a check to pay their property taxes is complaining that the check hasn't been cashed.
Scott Dion of the city of Havre says they sent the check for $745.77 to the local treasurer last November.
Dion tells the Billings Gazette that tax checks they sent in the past with similar memo line notes have been cashed.
Dion's lawyer sent a letter to Hill County Treasurer Sandy Brown, saying that not cashing Dion's check amounts to official misconduct and the treasurer should be prosecuted.
County Attorney Jessica Cole-Hodgkinson declined to comment on Dion's situation specifically, though they said in general the treasurer can't cash a check if it isn't clear what the funds should be applied to.
The front of The George after the graffiti was wiped clear
The front of The George after the graffiti was wiped clear
A 24-YEAR-OLD man has been cleared of carrying out a homophobic graffiti attack at one of Dublin's best known gay bars.
Eoin Berkeley from Hamptonwood Way, Finglas, Dublin 11, pleaded not guilty to causing criminal damage with chalk graffiti on the facade and panels at The George in the city centre in the early hours of 20 May last year. The offence at district court level can carry a sentence of up to one year.
Their trial at Cloverhill District Court heard claims Berkeley, who has been getting psychiatric and psychological treatment, was wearing a “racoon onesie” outfit when they were arrested shortly after the graffiti attack.
Despite allegedly admitting the crime to gardaí, they were granted a dismissal following a number of technical arguments made by defence solicitor Tony Collier. The lawyer contended that the case had to be thrown out due to gaps in evidence such as the lack of CCTV evidence as well as the absence of a Garda witness who authorised an interview when Berkeley allegedly owned up.
Garda statements
Berkeley has 23 previous convictions including weapons offences, possessing knives and a realistic imitation firearm.
Garda Lorcan Murphy of Pearse Street told the court that homophobic slurs were written in chalk on the front of The George. A swastika symbol was also drawn on the front of the bar in chalk.
After watching CCTV footage from the bar gardaí had arrested Berkeley in the vicinity.
Garda Murphy said Berkeley was detained at Pearse Street Garda Station under Section Four of the Criminal Justice Act and during the interview they “made full admissions that it was them on the CCTV and it was them that wrote these words and images on the front of The George”.
An invoice for the clean-up work was furnished to the court. The bar's general manager Darragh Flynn was called to give evidence and said they saw a swastika as well as the homophobic comments on the front of the bar after it had closed.
They said they watched the CCTV footage of the incident which showed a person in a onesie.
Defence solicitor Tony Collier argued that this witness was not the manager listed on the charge sheet as being the injured party. Judge Blake was told that the named person no longer worked there but Flynn had the same rank.
Berkeley smiled throughout the hearing but did not address the court. They had been in prison on remand since July when their bail was revoked.
Garda Brian O'Carroll told the court they saw a group of males at about 7.40am at the corner of George's Street and Dame Street. Berkeley “stood out like a sore thumb” and was wearing a racoon onesie, they said.
Garda O'Carroll had already seen CCTV footage of the incident with a person in “very distinctive clothes”, the court heard.
They told Judge Victor Blake that Berkeley told them they had done the graffiti but the accused claimed it was not an offence because it was written in chalk. Garda O'Carroll said that following the arrest they were also present during the interview at Pearse Street station when Berkeley made the admissions.
The fourth prosecution witness Garda Stephen Ryan said they saw the graffiti with a Nazi symbol and a number of homophobic slurs. They said the manager had told them it had happened after The George had closed and no one had permission to deface the bar.
Collier pointed out to the judge that the Garda sergeant who authorised the detention for questioning of their client at Pearse Street station had not come to court to give evidence. They argued that the admissions were inadmissible.
They said it left them unable to cross-examine a witness and they also pointed out that the CCTV evidence referred to was not played during the hearing.
They argued that on the charge sheet there was a different representative of the bar named as being the injured party while another employee of the bar was called to give evidence.
Case dismissal
Overall, given the various gaps in the case it was not a sequential chain of evidence to leave the court in a position to safely convict, the solicitor submitted.
Garda Murphy explained that the sergeant who allowed the detention could not attend the hearing. The manager named on the charge sheet as the injured party no longer worked there, they said.
Dismissing the case, Judge Victor Blake said the arguments made by the defence solicitor were true and correct.
However, Berkeley was found guilty of using threatening words or behaviour likely to cause a breach of the peace during a separate incident outside a bar at Eustace Street in Dublin 2 on 29 June last year.
Berkeley's bail had been revoked last July after they broke a court order banning them from the area. Judge Blake imposed a two and a half month sentence which was backdated to the date when they went into custody meaning their time has already been served.
Garda Paul Carroll said during that public order incident there was a strong smell of alcohol from Berkeley who had a laceration to their left cheek which had been stitched up. Garda Carroll said Berkeley stated they were a member of the INLA and that they would slit their own throat.
They had 23 prior criminal convictions and their most recent sentence was handed down by the district court in December 2016 when they were jailed for five months and three months over two offences for “possessing knives and other articles”. Public order, failing to appear in court and criminal damage charges were taken into consideration.
In 2015 they were given a nine-month sentence for “possession of a realistic imitation firearm”. Two years previously, they were fined €550 and given suspended sentences of three and four months for breach of the peace, assault and obstructing a garda.
Collier asked the court to note that their client had been in care for a large part of their life and they had been seeing a psychiatrist over recent years.
The solicitor said Berkeley continued to engage with a psychologist and a psychiatrist while they were in custody and they “has come a long way”. They said that when bail was revoked last year Berkeley had been “basically catatonic at the time”.
Free legal aid was also granted earlier after the defence explained that Berkeley's access to funds was limited and they had been on a disability benefit.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Tra Holder scored 29 points on 8-for-16 shooting and No. 16 Arizona State upset No. 2 Kansas 95-85 on Sunday, handing the Jayhawks their second straight loss.
Shannon Evans II had 22 points and Remy Martin added 21 for the Sun Devils (9-0). Arizona State shot 50 per cent from 3-point range and 50.8 per cent overall.
After a slow start that forced coach Bobby Hurley to use a timeout less than two minutes into the game, Arizona State snapped back into it, trimming the deficit to just three points at halftime. The Sun Devils outscored the Jayhawks 58-42 in the second half.
Lagerald Vick led Kansas (7-2) with 25 points. The Jayhawks fell to Washington on Wednesday night.
NO. 4 VILLANOVA 77, LA SALLE 68
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Phil Booth and Donte DiVincenzo each scored 18 points and Villanova avoid an upset to remain undefeated.
The Wildcats (10-0) were sloppy, struggled from 3-point range and could not shake the pesky Explorers until the final minutes of the game to win their 21st straight Big 5 game.
Booth put the Wildcats ahead with three free throws and followed with an assist on DiVincenzo's 3-pointer that made it 67-62 and finally gave them a bit of breathing room.
B.J. Johnson led the Explorers (5-6) with 21 points.
NO. 12 GONZAGA 97, WASHINGTON 70
SEATTLE (AP) — Johnathan Williams had 23 points and 12 rebounds, Zach Norvell Jr. added 21 points and Gonzaga ran away in the second half against Washington.
The Bulldogs (8-2) rebounded nicely from a loss to Villanova and never allowed the Huskies (7-3) to entertain the idea of a second Top 25 upset in one week. Gonzaga led by 19 in the first half and never let the Huskies put together a sustained run in the second half.
Noah Dickerson led Washington with 18 points, and David Crisp added 16. Washington was coming off an upset victory over No. 2 Kansas on Wednesday night in Kansas City, Missouri.
NO. 21 PURDUE 86, IUPUI 61
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) — Carsen Edwards scored a career-high 27 points and Purdue beat IUPUI for coach Matt Painter's 300th victory.
Isaac Haas added 14 points and six rebounds, and Vincent Edwards had 12 points and 12 rebounds to help the Boilermakers (10-2) win their sixth straight game.
Maurice Kirby had 16 points for IUPUI (2-6).
The Sinclair Broadcast Group on Tuesday announced deals to sell 23 TV stations — and New York's WPIX was not on the list.
Previously, Sinclair said it planned to sell WPIX to remain under the FCC nationwide ownership cap.
Sinclair has to sell stations if it hopes to win regulatory approval of its $6.6 billion deal to buy Tribune Media.
There has been criticism of Sinclair's plans to sell two of Tribune's prized stations — WPIX and Chicago's WGN — to buyers who did not seem independent. With WPIX, Sinclair had a deal to sell the station for $15 million to Cunningham Broadcasting, which is believed to be owned by the estate of the late mother of Sinclair Chairman David Smith.
Under the proposed deal, Sinclair would have had the right to buy the station back at a later time.
WGN was included among the 23 stations.
On Tuesday, Sinclair said it would sell the 23 stations to Standard Media Group and Meredith Corp. Fox Television Stations will also buy stations, sources said.
The Justice Department, also reviewing the deal, is now expected to approve the merger, a source said.
Neither Sinclair nor Fox returned calls seeking comment.
Could ‘The Carmichael Show' be making a comeback on another network?
The Carmichael Show has come to an end, but showrunner Danielle Sanchez-Witzel had high hopes for what it could have done in season 4.
Fans were disappointed to hear that NBC had decided not to give the show another season just as season 3 was coming to a close. Unlike many quiet cancellations, viewers weren't blindsided by the news; they knew the next episodes would be the last.
The series finale of The Carmichael Show saw Jerrod and Maxine getting married at a courthouse the morning after they had a threesome, but the creative crew was already thinking ahead. Sanchez-Witzel told The Hollywood Reporter that they were already hard at work on some concepts that would have touched on a number of issues, including terrorism and defending Planned Parenthood.
“There was an episode about travel and terrorism and fear and where our characters fell with regard to broadening their horizons,” they explained before breaking down a loose idea of the episode. “We talked about an episode where they were all going to go to Paris but Joe and Cynthia backed out and Jerrod was made because they paid for it.”
They continued, “There were lots of things to talk about. Certainly, I don't think we would have run out of interesting topics.”
Sanchez-Witzel added that they would have loved to see Girls Trip star Tiffany Hadish some more screen time, too. “We were able to feature them a bit more in season three and that certainly would have continued to happen in season four,” they said.
Even though The Carmichael Show was a quality series, Sanchez-Witzel believes that there were a few factors behind the show's ratings. In their opinion, they think that the show would have benefitted from shorter breaks between seasons and getting a better spot in the lineup.
“I wish it had been behind The Voice. There are a lot of things that I wish could have happened that were always out of our control. I do think airing in the summer, a year between seasons–none of those things ever helped us ever grow an audience,” They “Even with the people who did support us at NBC, there's a lot that I wish could have happened that never did.
They went on to note, “Writers, showrunners, creators, we don't get to decide that kind of stuff, the business end decides those things. But from how hard we worked and what we were trying to do, I do wish that they had been some other opportunities for people to see our show.”
Though it didn't air as long as other NBC hit sitcoms, Sanchez-Witzel hopes that The Carmichael Show made an impact. They would like it to have left a legacy of being able to bring people together in laughter to share ideas and open up some doors for understanding.
“I hope that people thought it was funny, because I think that's what we were ultimately trying to be is funny,” they said. “I think we were trying to have interesting conversations, so I wouldn't mind if people liked it or didn't like it as long as they thought the conversations were interesting. It made them laugh and it was worth talking about.”
Building on that train of thought, Sanchez-Witzel considered how the show could have made it easier for people to talk to each other. “Maybe watching an episode made them have a conversation with someone else, just that it made you talk about something with your family, with your friends that might have felt too hard to talk about,” they mused. “There's no right or wrong. Our favorite stories always ended in grey territory where you can't say one character was right and one character was wrong. It just is.”
These days, though, a cancelaiton doesn't necessarily mean that a show is over. Many series find new life on other channels or platforms. It is possible that The Carmichael Show may pop up on another network–there is some chatter about the show making a move–but Sanchez-Witzel isn't dropping any hints about if, when, or where we could see the show return.
“We really felt the support from the studio and there were so many people at NBC network that loved the show too, just not enough to get it another season. I think Jerrod being the star-creator really took the lead in those conversations and what might or might not happen if NBC was going to cancel it,” they shared. “[Jerrod] has said that they wanted an NBC network TV show and I feel comfortable speaking for them in saying we were really proud of what we did.”
RELATED STORIES:
‘The Carmichael Show' Star Lil Rel Howery Arrested Over Road Rage Incident
LinkLambs, Rejoice: Starz Developing Drama Series On Life Of Mariah Carey
Ava DuVernay To Bring Central Park Five Series To Netflix
SOURCE: HelloBeautiful.com
Article Courtesy of HelloBeautiful
Picture Courtesy of Slaven Vlasic, Getty Images, and HelloBeautiful
A man has appeared in court accused of stabbing a woman inside a Dundee wallpaper shop.
Gordon Ayre is alleged to have assaulted a woman to their severe injury, permanent disfigurement and danger of their life at the Select Wallpaper store in Dundee's West Pitkerro Industrial Estate on August 2.
They appeared at Dundee Sheriff Court to face a single charge on petition.
During a brief private hearing they made no plea or declaration and the case was continued for further examination.
Ayre was remanded in custody meantime and is due back in court later this week for a further hearing.
A suicide bomber blew up their explosives-laden vehicle Monday in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing at least 18 people, Iraqi officials said, hours after the arrival of French President Francois Hollande to the country and amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
The bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, daily laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district, a police officer said. Up to 25 other people were wounded in that attack, they said, adding that the death toll was expected to rise.
Two medical officials confirmed the casualty figures. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to release information.
No group has immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, but it had all the hallmarks of the IS group, which has staged multiple similar attacks in the past. The group claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack in a central Baghdad market, which killed at least 28 people, and Sunday's suicide bombing at a checkpoint south of Baghdad that killed at least nine people.
Iraq witnesses near-daily attacks, including in Baghdad, which have been frequently claimed by IS. Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad, mainly on its eastern side, in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's approximately 6 million residents.
The attack came Hollande started an official visit to Iraq to meet officials and French troops. During their one-day visit, Hollande met with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Holland will discuss “increasing support to Iraq and the latest developments in the fight against Daesh,” the Arabic acronym for IS.
In quotes published by the Elysee official Twitter account, Holland promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for coordination between intelligence services “in a spirit of great responsibility.”
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declared an Islamic “caliphate.” France has suffered multiple terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Hollande, on Twitter, said Iraq was in a precarious position two years ago, when IS made its blitz. But now the tide has turned. “The results are there: Daesh is in retreat and the battle of Mosul is engaged.”
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants, bad weather and thousands of civilians trapped in their houses.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Sunday, the senior U.S. military commander, Brig. Gen. Rick Uribe, praised the Iraqi forces fighting mainly on the eastern side of the city, saying they were “at their peak.” Uribe agreed with al-Abadi's assessment that it would take another three months to liberate Mosul.
They predicted the troops would face a different fight when they cross to the west bank of the Tigris River, saying it will mostly be a “dismounted” battle fought in part on narrow streets, some of which were not wide enough for a vehicle to pass.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city is located about 360 kilometers (225 miles) northwest of Baghdad. While the Syrian city of Raqqa is considered the caliphate's de facto capital, Mosul is the largest city under its control. It is the last major IS urban stronghold in Iraq.
The Kroger Co. has launched a program called Sustainability Lives Here, designed to help it reach its sustainability goals, including a goal of zero-waste by 2020. The program is designed to help “highlight easy, earth-friendly and sustainable living practices.”
In addition to the Sustainability Lives Here campaign, Kroger is making a $50,000 donation to the World Wildlife Fund to support their global conservation efforts.
The campaign website includes:
An in depth look at Kroger's sustainable supply chain initiatives;
More than $60 in digital coupons targeted toward eco-friendly certifications like Fair Trade, Rainforest Alliance, Forest Stewardship Council, plus organic and natural products across departments;
A taste of sustainability using eco-friendly products to create healthy recipes, from Shrimp and Orzo Salad to Blueberry Coconut French Toast Casserole;
Green inspiration on how to throw away less while eating well, saving money and keeping valuable resources from going to waste.
Kroger says it has a long-standing commitment to sustainable business practices, including supporting 20 fishery improvement projects, donating more than 61 million pounds of healthy produce and proteins through its Perishable Donations Program in 2016, and diverting 78% of waste away from landfills.
Last summer, Kroger announced an ambitious sustainability agenda (via Fortune) including plans to source 90% of all its seafood from Marine Stewardship Council-certified fisheries (or other programs recognized by the Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative), to reach zero-waste, to increase the recyclability of its packaging, to use at least 20% recycled content in its packaging, and to reduce the amount of plastic resin used by 10 million pounds – all by 2020.
Bill Simmons blasts reporter for bungling quote about Josh Rosen found themselves at the center of an NFL media war over a botched quotation. Controversy erupted after The Nation's Dave Zirin tweeted a quote Wednesday about questions concerning...
Mike Francesa considers joining forces with Bill Simmons Mike Francesa gave one of the first significant hints about their future after their time with WFAN ends next week. The legendary radio host told Sports Illustrated that they are...
Actor friend blasts Bill Simmons and their 'bulls--t' TV show Michael Rapaport really doesn't like it when you don't text them back. Rapaport, a C-list actor/Knicks superfan, has long been a regular guest on Bill Simmons' podcast, both during his...
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released their new single, “Free 99,” she's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of their Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney, Chris Young and Kip Moore. After a busy 2016, the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what's to come.
“2017 looks so fun,” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily. “I'm so excited, we're booking a bunch of shows right now. I love traveling. We're playing Stagecoach [Festival] this year, which is a dream come true for me. I love California. I'm a cowgirl at heart. So we're doing that, then I'm releasing an EP. Just new music and lots of performing.”
With 2017 in full swing, NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about them and to find out a few of their favorite things.
Favorite color?
Blue.
Favorite ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough.
Favorite flower?
Tulip. No lily.
Favorite song?
Right now, I love to listen to Jon Bellion.
Favorite movie?
The Holiday.
Favorite item of clothing?
Yoga pants.
Favorite drink?
Margarita.
Favorite food?
Mexican food.
Favorite actor/actor?
Julia Roberts.
Favorite board game?
Cards Against Humanity. Fave.
Favorite number?
Eight.
Favorite day of the week?
Sunday.
Favorite season?
Summer.
Favorite sport?
Football, just because of nachos.
Favorite scent?
Whatever lotion I'm wearing. Rose something.
Image caption Bridge Street Exchange
A topping out ceremony will be held in Cardiff's tallest building, as its construction phase draws to a close.
The event will be held on the 26th floor of the city's latest student accommodation block, the Bridge Street Exchange.
Towering at 85m tall (279ft), it provides 477 student rooms and studio apartments.
The building has two roof gardens, a gym, cinema, laundry and social space.
The tallest fully-completed buildings in the capital were previously the 80m (262ft) high Capital Tower and 78m (256ft) BT Tower. The construction of a 132m (433ft) tower for Cardiff is yet to get under way.
Watkin Jones plc is developing the Bridge Street Exchanges, which previously housed retail units and restaurants. The façade to the Charles Street elevation has been retained, as it falls within a conservation area.
An application to allow non-students to live in the Bridge Street Exchange building in its first year has been submitted to Cardiff council. There are also plans to build four duplex apartments on the site.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MERRIAM, Kan. -- It was a New Year's Eve celebration like never before for this family.
Breanna Borlase and husband Matthew welcomed two baby boys into the world early Sunday morning.
New Year's Eve babies Colton and Corbin have five siblings waiting at home.
"He said that we should have New Year's babies and I told them that you can't really plan things like that.
But they can be a surprise.
The identical twin boys arrived just after 1:20 a.m. Sunday morning at Shawnee-Mission Medical Center.
Corbin was born at five pounds, three ounces, and Colton -- born just a minute later -- was 4 pounds, 10 ounces.
Mom says they rang in the new year.
"Everybody had said 'oh, don't expect crying. They will be real quiet,' and that was not the case with them. They were very vocal."
Hospital staff even had to switch up the New Year's Eve baby gift basket because it only had enough goodies for one baby.
And when it comes to staying organized with seven kids, this couple has it down
"We've already established group birthday parties."
Corbin and Colton's five brothers and sisters can't wait to meet the boys when they arrive home.
We're seriously unimpressed 😡.
Five of our firefighters were tied up for an hour this afternoon, freeing a YouTube pranker whose head had been 'cemented' inside a microwave oven. Read more: https://t.co/6bZReGuKQX (Photos © West Midlands Fire Service) pic.twitter.com/2ch2UhszeH — West Midlands Fire (@WestMidsFire) December 7, 2017
A Youtube prankster has firefighters in West Midland pissed after they had to spend over an hour freeing their head from a kitchen appliance. The prankster, Twitter user @JayFromTGF, deliberately cemented their head to a microwave and says he's traumatized after the “near death experience.”
I've just had a near death experience. Very lucky to be alive. I'm traumatised. — Jay Swingler (@JayFromTGF) December 7, 2017
But the team who responded to the emergency say there are far from impressed and even tweeted out photos of the bizarre incident. See that up top and their video statement below.
West Midlands Fire Service has issued the following video statement regarding this incident. pic.twitter.com/hv0Cg1fbD1 — West Midlands Fire (@WestMidsFire) December 8, 2017
As for the rest of Twitter, they weren't feeling Jay's foolishness either.
Nah you should charge them that £650 — 🇯🇲Jamaican Harmo||Parafamily🇯🇲 (@jamaicanharmo) December 8, 2017
The video got age restriced, which means they cannot monetize it pic.twitter.com/FihTRlNuVk — Ryan Clarken Ⓥ (@RyanClarken) December 8, 2017
Nice job on the video statement. It really does set it home just how irresponsible actions have hidden costs and consequences. Stay safe. — Martin (@martin5671) December 8, 2017
Moral of the story: don't do dumb sh*t and then waste everybody's time when you need saving.
Rompers, dresses, florals, you name it! Summer fashion is in full swing, and we're enlisting the help of Dottie Couture Boutique to help us find the perfect look. Not just one look though, but 5… and all for less than 50 bucks!!
Here's Owner Brooke Magdzinski and their beautiful models to show us more!
To learn more, visit www.dottiecouture.com.
The highly anticipated blockbuster film "Black Panther" is apparently not eagerly awaited by everyone.
While fans have been buzzing about the Marvel movie's February 16 opening, a group has been trying to organize others to flood Rotten Tomatoes with negative reviews about the film.
Using the hashtags #DCOverMarvel and #BringDownDisney, a Facebook event was set up for February 15-24 and listed as being hosted by "Down with Disney's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys."
The purpose was to "Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes."
It's not clear how many users responded to the event before it was removed from Facebook, but some reports put the number at 3,700.
A representative for Facebook told CNN in a statement that "people often use Facebook to challenge ideas, institutions, and practices."
"Such discussion can promote a diversity of perspectives and greater understanding," the statement said. "However, we're opposed to hate speech and bullying, and don't allow either on our platform.
"We want Facebook to be a space where both expression and personal safety are protected and respected," the statement concluded. "That's why we developed our Community Standards, which you can read on our site."
The rivalry between DC and Marvel fans is legendary, and Marvel movies have historically done better than DC ones.
But given that "Black Panther" has an all-black cast and the storyline includes themes of race, many saw the move as more nefarious than just a friendly rivalry.
In a statement provided to CNN, Rotten Tomatoes said it's "proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously."
"While we respect our fans' diverse opinions, we do not condone hate speech," the statement said. "Our team of security, network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible."
So far, enthusiasm for the film does not appear to have been dampened.
According to Fandango, "Black Panther" has already outsold all other superhero films in pre-sale tickets.
The movie broke Fandango's pre-sale ticket record for Marvel Cinematic Universe films in its first 24 hours, one previously held by 2016's "Captain America: Civil War."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
From Tony Veneziano
BEAVER DAM, Wisc. (March 19, 2018) — Tickets are now on sale for the 9th Annual Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial presented by Karavan Trailers, featuring the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at Beaver Dam Raceway in Wisconsin on Saturday, June 23 and can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling SLS Promotions at 815-344-2023.
Shane Stewart was victorious last season in the Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial to score the first win of their career at Beaver Dam Raceway. Stewart took the lead on lap-25 from Greg Wilson and paced the remainder of the 40-lap contest. Kerry Madsen thrilled the crowd by charging from the 21st starting spot to finish second.
Bill Balog earned their first-career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series win in the 2016 edition of the Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial. The win was a very popular one for Balog, an eight-time IRA Sprint Series champion, originally from Alaska, who now calls Wisconsin home.
In each of the last seven editions of the race, a different driver has visited victory lane, including nine-time series champion Donny Schatz. Brad Sweet and Kraig Kinser are also past winners of the Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial, who are competing full-time with the Outlaws this season.
Battling Schatz, Sweet, Stewart and Kinser in 2018 is a talented group of full-time competitors, including Daryn Pittman, who has three wins at Beaver Dam Raceway in their career, David Gravel, who won in the state of Wisconsin last year as well as fellow veteran drivers Jason Johnson, Tim Shaffer, Jason Sides and Greg Wilson.
Young drivers Logan Schuchart, Jacob Allen, Clyde Knipp, Sheldon Haudenschild, Brent Marks and are all back on the road full-time in 2018. Haudenschild scored their first-career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series win on opening night in February in Florida and followed that up with their second victory in Las Vegas a few weeks later. The fourth-generation driver is currently second in points.
A trio of drivers is contending for the Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year Award in 2018, led by Australian Ian Madsen, along with Parker Price-Miller and Dane Lorenc.
Tickets for the 9th Annual Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial presented by Karavan Trailers, featuring the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at Beaver Dam Raceway on Saturday, June 23 can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by phone at 815-344-2023. Also in action will be Legends and Mini Sprints.
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. Their ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. They won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange, saying the incumbent has their "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to their campaign bus in the final days, and in their closing ad they echo Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area member of congress hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and they haven't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
Domain hosting company GoDaddy said Monday that neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer has 24 hours to find a new provider before its service is canceled following the publication of a disparaging article about the woman killed in the Charlottesville protests.
Shortly after the announcement, the Daily Stormer — the top hate site in America, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center — appeared to be hacked by activist group Anonymous.
On Sunday, the Daily Stormer published an article about Heather Heyer, who died after a vehicle plowed into a group of counter-protesters demonstrating against white supremacists.
A Twitter user flagged the offensive content by taking a screengrab of the article, and tweeting it at GoDaddy.
The article, which had the byline of the Daily Stormer's founder Andrew Anglin, mocked Heyer's looks and degraded them for not being a mother.
It also elevated the suspected driver, James Alex Fields, Jr., saying, “despite the cool demeanor they show in their social media profile pictures, it appears that road rage got the best of him.”
“We have informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race wrote in an email to NBC News.
Race also noted that GoDaddy does not host the Daily Stormer on its servers — it only hosts the domain.
The Daily Stormer, which takes its name from the gutter Nazi propaganda sheet known as “Der Stürmer,” promotes anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
In the past, GoDaddy said it could not disable the Daily Stormer's domain or that of other neo-Nazi website, because of Anglin and others' First Amendment right and freedom of speech.
The homepage of the Daily Stormer appears to have been hacked by Anonymous. Daily Stormer
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said.
Following the article about Heyer and the announcement that GoDaddy would be ending the Daily Stormer's service, the site appeared to have been hacked by internet activist group Anonymous.
Related:
Sessions Says Dept. of Justice Will Defend Protesters Against ‘Racism and Bigotry'
An article with Anonymous' signature Guy Fawkes mask appeared at the top of the page on Monday morning with a headline reading, “END OF HATE: ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER.”
“WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM,” a note on the site says. “FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE. THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING ANYMORE.”
The message goes on to say Anonymous is only leaving the site up for another 24 hours so people can witness the hate, but will shut it down permanently following that.
However, an Anonymous Twitter account noted that it could not verify the authenticity of the hack and warned its followers to
“remain cautious.”
Salt is motivating runners on this historical day, Marathon Monday!
Listen above as they interview people about their day!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
Dino Melaye: Jimoh Moshood storms hospital with 30 armed police officers
The spokesperson of the Nigeria Police Force, Jimoh Moshood, has led at least 30 armed police officers to Zankili Medical Center, Mabushi, Abuja, where Dino Melaye is being treated. The Senator representing Kogi west was admitted into the hospital after they attempted to escape from police custody on Tuesday. They stormed the premises and enquiring to […]
Dino Melaye: Jimoh Moshood storms hospital with 30 armed police officers
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
At every Wimbledon this century the home favourite has been Tim Henman or Andy Murray.
Advertisement
Apart from an eight-week blip by Greg Rusedski 12 summers ago they are the only two men since 1999 to have been ranked Britain's number one tennis player – and they have been rewarded not just with titles and riches, but with an OBE and a knighthood respectively.
This year is different. Murray was injured at last year's Wimbledon and was out for nearly a year. That allowed Kyle Edmund, an unassuming 23-year-old who was born in Johannesburg and raised in a Yorkshire village, to take the number one spot.
 They are unlikely to relinquish it any time soon after their recent run of good results, including an emphatic straight-sets victory over their friend and mentor Murray at Eastbourne in June.
It may have been only the third game in Murray's tentative comeback but the Scot, eight years older than Edmund, knew they were well beaten by a man who overpowered him.
“In the past 12-18 months Kyle has done fantastic things and is improving all the time,” said Murray, who has practised with Edmund many times and helped them to improve when they were a teenager.
Edmund said, “To beat them shows I have improved a lot. A win like that definitely gives you confidence.”
Despite that victory, which was underplayed in the media because it clashed with a big day of World Cup football, Edmund remains unknown to those viewers who watch tennis only during Wimbledon fortnight. But to keen followers of the game they are a rare talent, one good enough to emulate Henman's 15 career titles and a possible contender, like Murray, for Grand Slam success.
Who says so? Rafael Nadal and John McEnroe, among others. Edmund has already accrued £1m in prize money this year and has risen to number 18 in the world.
That does not surprise Nadal, who said after Edmund reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open back in January, “I really believe in their potential. He's going to have a great year.”
At the French Open, where Edmund went to the third round, McEnroe said, “He's got a great shot to get into the world top ten in the next year. He's improved all parts of their game and is a lot fitter, a lot more confident.”
You would never know it, talking to Edmund, who prides themselves on being “hard-working, competitive and humble”. They do not do swagger or hyperbole or make the news for the wrong reasons, as so many sportsmen do.
The most telling recent headline about Edmund, just before the grasscourt season began, was ‘No girlfriends, no alcohol, no tantrums – how Kyle Edmund keeps theirs cool'.
Edmund, an all-round sports nut whose favourite topic of discussion appears to be Liverpool FC, talks of the “sacrifice” needed to reach the top level but they recognise that they are very, very lucky to be doing what they do. They constantly express their gratitude to their parents, and to Murray.
They really does take every game as it comes, showing no more emotion after a Grand Slam quarter-final than they do a first-round match at any run-of-the-mill tournament.
 They are already doing just that, taking things one step at a time, for Wimbledon.
Edmund, a 6ft 2in right-hander with a huge forehand, has yet to go beyond the second round at the most famous grass court tournament in the world. Asked what would constitute a successful tournament this year, they told Radio Times, “Being seeded this year will give me some advantages, but I will still need to play my best tennis to win matches on grass.
“I can't say exactly what results would make me happy. I haven't had much success at Wimbledon so far and for sure I will try to reach my personal best. I need to take it one match at a time and hope for the best.”
Most of Edmund's successes before this summer – the highlights were the run to the semi-finals in Australia, beating Novak Djokovic in Madrid in May and being part of Britain's Davis Cup triumph in 2015 – have come on clay or hard courts.
While the most famous clay courts are in Paris, Monte Carlo, Rome and Madrid, Edmund first played on the surface in Goole, Yorkshire. “Those were the nearest clay courts when I was playing in Beverley,” they said.
 They are emphatic about the importance of honing their game on the slower surface.
“Clay gives you the basics of the game, it gives you a fraction more time on your shots and gives you a chance to understand the game better.
“Since there is this little extra time on clay, the rallies are longer and movement always makes a big difference. Learning how to slide is key if you want to build your game on the red dirt. There are so many factors that can change the conditions of a match on clay. Wind, temperature, rain, heavier balls, slower courts… You have to be clever to be successful on clay.”
They keep working, keeps improving, and Britain's Davis Cup captain Leon Smith can see the benefits. Smith is not alone in believing Edmund's “best tennis is yet to come” and said, “What are the most important things to get better? Serve and return. And those two things are what they have improved.”
They showed it in Eastbourne, beating Murray 6-6, 6-4 and consistently serving 20mph faster than the Scot.
The Edmund family – mother Denise, business person father Steve, who is originally from Maesteg in Wales, and younger sister Kelly – moved back to Britain from South Africa when Kyle was three. They lived in Tickton, near Beverley in Yorkshire's East Riding, and first showed their sporting talent in swimming and cricket.
They once hit a six straight through a window at their grammar school in Beverley. “I don't think my science teacher was too happy with that,” they said.
Denise booked them some tennis lessons to stop them being bored at home, and they never looked back. They were part of Britain's team who won the Junior Davis Cup for the first time in 2011 and has left their teammates in the shade since then. Luke Bambidge and Evan Hoyt, their two fellow players, have between them won around £4,000 in singles prize money this year compared to Edmund's near-£1m.
The match on Eastbourne's 8,000-capacity Centre Court immediately after Edmund's win over Murray was a men's doubles featuring Bambidge – watched by just a couple of hundred people.
Edmund is in a different world to their junior teammates. When they were 17, they moved to the Lawn Tennis Association's training centre in London, and they made their senior Davis Cup debut in the biggest game of all, the final in Belgium three years ago, which Britain won.
They have beaten plenty of good players in 2018, which is why they are rated one of the top 20 players in the world. They have relocated to the Bahamas because it fits better with their schedule, and is working well under their Swedish coach, Fredrik Rosengren.
None of their success would have happened without their family, they said.
“Of course, having the support of the LTA and someone like Andy (Murray) has had an immense impact on my career,” they said. “When talking about support from people who have been there with me since I started playing tennis, my family is the most important influence I had. My parents and sister are still there with me 24/7, in good and bad moments. They came to Paris to support me.
“Our family values are about being hard-working, competitive and humble. Family means the world to me and I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for them.”
The home crowd at Wimbledon could give them some welcome additional support in the next fortnight, though. Edmund has spoken about the ”amazing” atmosphere at the Liverpool-Manchester City Champions League semi-final, which they attended.
They said, “Although tennis is an individual sport and it can't be compared to football, there are a lot of ways tennis players draw energy from outside of the court. I have had the pleasure of experiencing some amazing support over the last couple of years. We've enjoyed incredible moments in the Davis Cup and the fans were something else. Wimbledon is always special for all British players, but I am still waiting for my success in the England Club so, hopefully, I will be able to tell you how it really looks like.”
Advertisement
Wimbledon begins on Monday 2nd July. Here's our guide to how to watch Wimbledon on TV: BBC, Eurosport and YouTube coverage
A male wearing a balaclava over their face walked into a store and brandished a hammer to a Dundee shopkeeper.
The incident happened at Premier Stores, Campfield Square, Dundee, yesterday at about 9.45pm.
They then left the shop, leaving the shop assistant shaken but unhurt. Nothing was stolen.
Police officers are carrying out enquiries and a review of CCTV is underway.
Detective Sergeant Mark Lamont said: “We are keen to speak with a young male in connection with the incident.
“He is described as being five four inches tall, wearing an Adidas zip up top, with hood, grey jeans, and black trainers.
“Anyone with any information that may be useful should contact Tayside Division on 101 or any police officer.
“Alternatively information can be passed anonymously via the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111”.
See today's Tele for more details.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) said almost all the people it considered at immediate risk from an Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) city of Mbandaka have been vaccinated against the disease.
WHO Deputy Director-General for Emergency Preparedness and Response, Peter Salama, said more than 400 potential Ebola contacts and frontline staff have received the vaccine, representing 90 per cent of those considered at risk.
"We can't conclude that we've safeguarded the city of Mbandaka, but we can say that so far there has not been an explosive increase in cases. So that's a positive sign and a positive development," they said. "We have reason to be cautiously optimistic."
The virus has infected 54 people and killed 25 in the latest outbreak.
Médecins sans Frontières (MSF) emergency coordinator in Bikoro, Luis Encinas, fears the worst might be yet to come.
"We don't have a true picture of what's going on. We only see the tip of the iceberg," they said. "So what is very worrying is that we do not see all the transmission chains. There is not yet a 100 per cent follow-up of contacts. This means that we are still discovering new cases which have no link to the confirmed cases, and that is quite worrying."
WHO hopes to get government approval within days to use five experimental drugs to treat Ebola patients, in a clinical trial which could lay the foundation for rapid treatment in any future outbreaks.
"If we don't use the opportunity to learn in this situation we will never be able to know which is better than the other," Mr Salama said.
But the trial would be complicated, with some drugs requiring six to 12 hours of daily intravenous infusions and daily assessment of liver and kidney function.
A WHO spokesperson said the drugs were the antivirals Remdesivir developed by Gilead Sciences and Favipiravir developed by Toyama Chemical Co, the monoclonal antibody mAB114, and two monoclonal antibody cocktails: ZMapp and a drug developed by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals known as RECN3470-3471-3479.
Ebola, which spreads easily through bodily fluids, claimed more than 11,000 lives in the region during an outbreak that reached its peak in 2014.
Here are the must-see theater events going on in South Florida this week.
GARAGE QUEENS
Delray Beach's Arts Garage is getting in on the drag queen scene with an elimination pageant. On the first Friday of each month from June 1 through Sept. 12, drag queens will vie for the title of Garage Queen. The last faux femme standing also gets a paid, contracted show at Arts Garage.
When: 8 p.m. June 1
Where: Arts Garage, 94 NE Second Ave., Delray Beach
Cost: $15-$25
Contact: 561-450-6357 or ArtsGarage.org
Alberto Vasari / Courtesy Humorist James Judd will bring their storyteller act June 2 to Old School Square's Crest Theatre in Delray Beach. Humorist James Judd will bring their storyteller act June 2 to Old School Square's Crest Theatre in Delray Beach. (Alberto Vasari / Courtesy)
JAMES JUDD
Best known for National Public Radio's “Snap Judgement,” humorist James Judd will bring their storyteller act to Delray Beach's Old School Square for one night only. The show features animated videos and a two-piece backup band called, for reasons that escape us, the James Judd Judd Six.
When: 8 p.m. June 2
Where: Crest Theatre at Old School Square, 51 N. Swinton Ave, Delray Beach
Cost: $45, $65 and $400 (for VIP table seating)
Contact: 561-243-7922, ext. 1 or OldSchoolSquare.org
Kravis Center / Courtesy The King's Academy production of "Oliver! The Musical" will be part of the Kravis Center Dream Awards: Celebrating High School Musical Theater Excellence. The awards show will take place June 3 at the Kravis Center for the Performing Arts in West Palm Beach. The King's Academy production of "Oliver! The Musical" will be part of the Kravis Center Dream Awards: Celebrating High School Musical Theater Excellence. The awards show will take place June 3 at the Kravis Center for the Performing Arts in West Palm Beach. (Kravis Center / Courtesy)
KRAVIS CENTER DREAM AWARDS
The best of high-school musical theater in Palm Beach County will be recognized at the Kravis Center Dream Award. This new performing-arts-education initiative for high-school students was created for the 2017-2018 school year. Kravis Center theater adjudicators viewed and critiqued musical-theater productions at public and private high schools invited to participate in the yearlong program, including Alexander W. Dreyfoos School of the Arts, the Benjamin School, Boca Raton High School, Boynton Beach Community High School, Cardinal Newman High School, the King's Academy, Oxbridge Academy, Palm Beach Central High School, Suncoast Community High School and Wellington High School.
When: 7 p.m. June 3
Where: Kravis Center, 701 Okeechobee Blvd., West Palm Beach
Cost: $15-$25
Contact: 561-832-7469 or Kravis.org
Lightning Bolt Productions / Courtesy The musical "Into the Woods" will play June 8-17 at the West Boca Performing Arts Center. The musical "Into the Woods" will play June 8-17 at the West Boca Performing Arts Center. (Lightning Bolt Productions / Courtesy)
INTO THE WOODS
In this musical by Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine, several Brothers Grimm storybook characters — such as Little Red Riding Hood, Rapunzel, Cinderella and Jack (you know, the one with the beanstalk adventure) — are woven into a brand-new fairy tale, here staged by Lightning Bolt Productions.
When: June 8-17; 7 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays; 2 p.m. matinee Sundays
Where: West Boca Performing Arts Center at West Boca Raton Community High School, 12811 Glades Road
Cost: $35
Contact: 561-886-8286 or LBPTheatre.com
RonnieLarsen.com / Courtesy "The Penis Talk Show" will be staged June 9 at the Foundry in Wilton Manors. "The Penis Talk Show" will be staged June 9 at the Foundry in Wilton Manors. (RonnieLarsen.com / Courtesy)
THE PENIS TALK SHOW
Oh, the puns we could make. But no, we're going to play this one straight. In this show, audience members get to ask male members anything they want. That's the premise of this adults-only show in which anonymous men, totally exposed “down there,” sit onstage and tell stories and field questions about their penises (or is that peni?), letting the genitalia have the spotlight. The eye-popping production is from the mind of local playwright Ronnie Larsen, who hosts the show.
When: 8 p.m. June 8-9
Where: The Foundry, 2306 N. Dixie Highway, Wilton Manors
Cost: $20
Contact: 954-826-8790 or RonnieLarsen.com
CAPTION Chops and Hops, Fort Lauderdale's first ax-throwing bar, is set to open this fall. A new brewery and rooftop bar are also on the way. Chops and Hops, Fort Lauderdale's first ax-throwing bar, is set to open this fall. A new brewery and rooftop bar are also on the way. CAPTION Chops and Hops, Fort Lauderdale's first ax-throwing bar, is set to open this fall. A new brewery and rooftop bar are also on the way. Chops and Hops, Fort Lauderdale's first ax-throwing bar, is set to open this fall. A new brewery and rooftop bar are also on the way. CAPTION Oceanside Grocers, or "the O.G." as those in the know call it, looks like a general store from the outside. And when you step through the door of the Delray Beach craft-cocktail bar, there is a throwback design aesthetic. But the drinks, the DJs and the live acts to come are decidedly modern-day. The bar will also sell local goods and crafts made by Delray Beach artists and artisans. Oceanside Grocers, or "the O.G." as those in the know call it, looks like a general store from the outside. And when you step through the door of the Delray Beach craft-cocktail bar, there is a throwback design aesthetic. But the drinks, the DJs and the live acts to come are decidedly modern-day. The bar will also sell local goods and crafts made by Delray Beach artists and artisans. CAPTION A two-headed calf, a half-monkey Fijian mermaid and a life-size replica of the head of American sideshow performer Schlitzie the Pinhead are among the many oddities you'll soon find at the Old Ghosts Collective in Fort Lauderdale. A two-headed calf, a half-monkey Fijian mermaid and a life-size replica of the head of American sideshow performer Schlitzie the Pinhead are among the many oddities you'll soon find at the Old Ghosts Collective in Fort Lauderdale. CAPTION On May 2 and May 6, six student survivors of the Stoneman Douglas massacre will appear at Boca Black Box Center for the Arts in a production of “Spring Awakening,” the hit Broadway musical that has eerie parallels to the Feb. 14 shooting. On May 2 and May 6, six student survivors of the Stoneman Douglas massacre will appear at Boca Black Box Center for the Arts in a production of “Spring Awakening,” the hit Broadway musical that has eerie parallels to the Feb. 14 shooting. CAPTION Fans came out in force to meet 96-year-old style legend Iris Apfel and get a signed copy of their new book, “Accidental Icon: Musings of a Geriatric Starlet,” at the J. Nelson showroom in the South Florida Design Park in Hollywood. Fans came out in force to meet 96-year-old style legend Iris Apfel and get a signed copy of their new book, “Accidental Icon: Musings of a Geriatric Starlet,” at the J. Nelson showroom in the South Florida Design Park in Hollywood.
rhagwood@southflorida.com
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MUSKEGON, Mich. – An 8-year-old girl is suspected in the death of a 1-year-old boy who was found dead at a Muskegon, Michigan, day care when their mother went to pick them up last week, police said Monday.
Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis called it one of the worst cases he's seen, MLive.com reported.
"I thought I saw everything," Lewis said, according to the news outlet. "This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it."
The boy, identified by sister station WXMI in Grand Rapids as Korey Brown, had bite marks and bruises all over their body when they were found, according to this mother.
"Bruises and bite marks on their face, bite marks on their fingers," their mother, Bryanna Reasonover, told WXMI. "It was bad. I found Korey in a Pack 'N Play, they were laying in there like they were asleep."
An autopsy was performed Saturday, but a cause of death has not been released.
The baby's body was found concealed in a bedroom at the home day care where their mother had dropped them off, the police chief told MLive.com.
Korey was apparently crying when the "8-year-old dealt with the baby crying," Lewis said. There were apparently no adults supervising the children, and the only witness to what happened was a 5-year-old.
The 8-year-old girl was taken to a hospital where they underwent a mental evaluation, MLive.com reported.
Reasonover told WXMI they dropped off Korey and their three other children at Keysha's Keepers day care.
"When their face rolled over, they had all these bruises on the side of their face. And that's when I said, 'What's wrong with my baby's face?'" they said.
Reasonover said day care employees had no idea anything was wrong with Korey. They apparently never woke up and did not regain consciousness.
"It doesn't seem real. It still doesn't seem real to this day. It seems like a dream and I'm going to wake up and he's going to be here," they said.
WXMI went to the day care and tried to speak with the owner, Keysha Collins, but nobody was available for comment. Phone calls were also not immediately returned, the station reported.
State records show the facility's license was approved in November and expires next month.
KUALA LUMPUR—Malaysian authorities arrested a suspect in the killing of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's half brother, police said, as they focused on apprehending the two women who police said fatally attacked him.
Read: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's brother killed in Malaysia
The detained woman was carrying a passport from Vietnam and was alone at the time of the arrest at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport, police said, as they pieced together a timeline of the assault.
“We believe they have a strong connection with the murder,” said Malaysia Deputy Inspector General of Police, Noor Rashid Ibrahim. “We are still looking for a few suspects, they are all still in Malaysia.”
Kim Jong Nam, the brother, arrived early for a 10:50 a.m. AirAsia flight to Macau on Monday after more than a week in Malaysia, police said. They were in a well-lit, spacious departures hall lined with cafes like Starbucks, near a popular photo spot of a Lunar New Year exhibit featuring a giant, yellow chick. There, Kim was approached from opposite sides by two fair-skinned women who didn't appear to be Malaysian, said police who viewed CCTV footage.
One of the women touched Kim's face with a cloth that contained an unidentified liquid before both departed in separate directions, police said.
An expanded version of this article appears at WSJ.com.
Popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's Brief White House Stint Caps Contentious Career
North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un's Brother Killed in Malaysia
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Families across Reading will have often travelled to Woodley to see Brian Strong's Christmas lights.
The kind-hearted man lit up their home in Wheble Drive every winter for a decade to raise money for the Children's ward at Royal Berkshire Hospital.
But when they sadly lost their lives to lung cancer two weeks before Christmas in 2015 Mr Strong's sister Susan took on the mantle, hoping to keep their brother's memory alive.
This Christmas is the second year since their death that Susan has lit up their house for the world to see, and raise money for their late brother's chosen charity.
Miss Strong said: "I want to carry on doing this for as long as I can, I have my brother-in-law, great nephew and nephew all help with the heavy lifting and putting the decorations up.
"I want my brother to be remembered, and continuing to decorate is my way of doing that.
"I turn them on around 3pm, sometimes 4pm, and encourage people to come by and see them, feel free to come inside, as I decorate inside just as much as I do outside."
The idea was born after Mr Strong's granddaughter was born with their brain outside of their skull, the incredible care they received at the hands of medical professionals at Royal Berkshire Hospital led them to raise money for the children's ward as a thank-you.
Since their brothers passing Miss has also given a portion of the money raised to the Berkshire Cancer Centre, to honour their brother's fight with the disease.
They added: "I raised £199 last year and more than £200 the year before that, I just want to raise as much money as I can for Royal Berkshire Hospital.
"I also add something new every year to make it even better than the last."
Families can donate directly to Royal Berks Charity or put money in the buckets or the lock box outside 102 Wheble Drive, Woodley.
Where are the Christmas lights?
We at getreading are working on a map of where all the Christmas lights are in and around Reading.
Know of any we should take a look at, or have some pictures to send, email them directly to us on getreading@trinitymirror.com with the heading 'Christmas Lights'.
The TrueDepth camera from the iPhone X is finally used to more than animate Animojis in Facetime. It can produce fast cartoon animations that can be used in everything from Facebook to broadcast.
Introduced in the iPhone X by the end of 2017, the TrueDepth camera used for Apple's Face ID is able to capture accurate face data by projecting and analyzing over 30,000 invisible dots to create a depth map of your face and also captures an infrared image of your face. Its first innovation was also included in the smartphone: new animated icons called Animojis, which are nothing more than a new generation of emojis used with the iPhone X TrueDepth camera to “bring emoji to life in a fun new way”.
For a while the iPhone X's exclusive face tracking power was only known for usage with Animojis in Facetime, what could be considered a waste of a promising technology. Now, with Reallusion's LIVE FACE app, users can unlock its full potential by live data streaming facial mocap data to any desktop client.
The new LIVE FACE app live captures facial performances via an iPhone X to create 2D facial animations with CrazyTalk Animator 3 (CTA 3) on a Mac or PC, turning an iPhone X into a powerful production tool that anyone can use. With the iPhone X's TrueDepth camera, and the LIVE FACE app for CrazyTalk Animator 3, users can instantly capture facial performances to animate illustrative or photo characters to produce fast cartoon animations, also for broadcast shows on TV, YouTube, Twitch, Facebook or any other live service.
Jesse Griffith, Chief Animator at the Jimmy Kimmel Live said that “LIVE FACE by Reallusion made my jaw drop, both literally and figuratively when I used it. LIVE FACE is the game changer I've been waiting for to execute funny, quick animations utilizing the iPhone X for live TV.”
“Thousands of dollars of cumbersome equipment and connections are being whittled down into an app that students can easily use on an iPhone X they already have, on or off campus”, according to John Blalock, Digital Applications Supervisor at the Chapman University, who added this to their comment: “Not only does LIVE FACE simplify the entire educational process, but it looks to bridge the significant gap that students face once they graduate and try to incorporate technology into their own pipelines.”
LIVE FACE for iPhone X can track up to 57 face signals through Wi-Fi, to drive character facial expressions including; head angle, brows, eyeball rotation, as well as controlling talking mouth shapes. Users can also import custom facial animation sprites, or convert expression sets directly from Photoshop layers. You can further add different levels of Free Form Deformations (FFD) to smoothly alter each facial feature.
Flexibility in terms of capture is an important element and it is present here as, no matter where you place your iPhone, the unique Zero Pose design will quickly recalibrate the angle offset of your face, and accurately standardize the facial tracking in one-click. CrazyTalk Animator 3, the tool you need for all this to work, will automatically choose the appropriate face profile, for front-facing or angled-facing characters. Mocap facial profiles provide optimized facial mocap for both sprite-based and image-based characters.
This complete solution to add virtual hosts to live broadcasts works with major livestreaming tools including OBS, Xsplit, and FFSplit to superimpose talking characters on top of major broadcasting platforms like Twitch, YouTube, Mixer and Facebook. It is also possible to apply green screen backgrounds to realtime character performances for easy color keying.
LIVE FACE app is a free download, now available on the App Store. CrazyTalk Animator 3 is available from Reallusion.com, or on the Mac App Store, and all users can now download the extended trial version of CTA 3.3 pipeline version ($299 value) for free until July 31st, 2018. You'll need to have access to an iPhone X to make the magic happen!
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says they developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having their kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
They said they were told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but their lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because they waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
They said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, they said, they were not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of their service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on their right kidney and they were referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
They ordered a series of tests. Based on those, they concluded they had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and their ureter be surgically removed, to which they agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told them the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that they had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” they said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery they had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
They added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, they said, several people encouraged them to launch a lawsuit, but they declined.
It was only when they were applying for a disability pension, they said, that they read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told them and their husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of their concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before their kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that they should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and they maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. They also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to their diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said they left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When they underwent a medical exam as part of their release from the military later in 2000, they talked about the misdiagnoses as part of their reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that they were capable of commencing legal action, they said, which is why they waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
Serena Williams celebrates upcoming wedding with lavish Midtown bash Sister Venus Williams, La La Anthony, Ciara and others joined the tennis champ for a weekend of cake-making, a trapeze class, Jell-O shots, afternoon tea and a special dinner at...
Joanna Krupa throws bachelorette party for sister amid divorce Amid their divorce, Joanna Krupa is keeping busy by helping their little sister, Marta, prepare for their upcoming nuptials.
Here's why no one wants to go to your wedding The cost of attending a wedding is too damn high. Between a plane ticket, a hotel room, a fancy outfit, a shower gift and a destination bachelor or bachelorette party,...
Samira Wiley parties in Miami before marrying Lauren Morelli “Orange Is the New Black” star Wiley celebrated their bachelorette party in with friends and co-stars.
Bachelorette party crashes late-night Olympics coverage One way to perk up a ho-hum night of late-night Olympics coverage: Invite a boisterous bachelorette party on the air. Newscaster Dan Walker was anchoring BBC Four's Summer Games coverage...
Hannah Davis hits Miami for bachelorette party Hannah Davis and Derek Jeter are set to tie the knot in California this summer.
'Good Wife' actor hits Vegas for their bachelorette party Jess Weixler, maid of honor Jessica Chastain and a gaggle of gals headed to "Thunder From Down Under."
Hello from the Humboldt Archipelago Hope Spot! ⠀ “Taking care of the Humboldt Archipelago is important for the fish, kelp, corals and other sea creatures that call it home. But it is also important for humans because a healthy, functioning ocean is what makes life on Earth possible. No blue, no green.” #SylviaEarle⠀ ⠀ Video by @ExploraSub⠀ #MissionBlue #NoBlueNoGreen #HopeSpots #OceanStories #OceanConservation #MarineConservation #OceanOptimism #ThinkBlue #Ocean #Sea #Shore #Blue #Beach #Conservation #OceanMinded #SylviaEarle #BlueMind
A post shared by Mission Blue (@mission_blue) on May 9, 2018 at 9:23am PDT
Alfred King returned to lead EDFA
The East Demerara Football Association held its Annual General meeting on Sunday last which was observed by Mr. Stanley Lancaster of the Guyana Football Federation (GFF) and Returning Officer Mr. Charles Corbin.
With six (6) out of seven (7) clubs present: Mahaica Determinators, Golden Stars, Bachelor's Adventure/Paradise, Buxton Stars, BV/Triumph United, Plaisance Panthers and New Club Melanie Football Club. Absent was Victoria Scorpions.
Following the presentation of the various reports and deliberations the new executive was chosen and Alfred King was returned to serve another term.
The Executive of the East Demerara Football Association is: Mr. Alfred King (president), Mr. Gregory Wickham (1st VP), Ms Gillian Frank (2nd VP), Mr. Mark Pertab (3rd VP), Mr. Gidel Austin (Secretary), Ms Tessa Nedd (Treasurer), Mr. Lindon Charles (Asst Sect/Treasurer), while the Committee Members are Mr. Kester Garnett, Mr. Kevin Tixey, Mr. Raymond Daw, Ms Dellon Adams and Mr. Randolph Adonis.
FISHERS, Ind. (WISH) — We're just five days away from Ikea's grand opening in Fishers.
But, can the roads handle more cars and traffic? 24-Hour News 8 spent Friday hitting the streets, taking the pulse of the community.
The city said it's absolutely ready and able. But people who live in the area are concerned.
The parking lot was packed during newly opened Portillo's lunch rush Friday afternoon. It was just a taste of increased traffic that could come to the Fishers area when Ikea furniture store opens at 9 a.m. Wednesday and nearby Topgolf opens sometime later.
Robin Eger, of Noblesville, said, “Fishers is crazy. The traffic is crazy here, so I'm not coming on the first day.”
Robin and Dan Eger are excited for Ikea. Robin's just not too eager at the thought of more traffic.
Robin Eger said, “I would guess it's just going to get worse.”
Jeff Hill, the Fishers city engineer, said the city is ready. “Absolutely. The city has made major investments in infrastructure in and around the I-69 area.”
Hill pointed to the widened 116th Street exit on Interstate 69, finished earlier this year, and the 106th Street roundabout finished last year. Both projects were done with big business in mind.
Hill said, “It's well-timed and well-placed to help accommodate those additional trips we're gonna see to Ikea or Topgolf or anyone.”
The city expects higher traffic for the first two or three weeks after Ikea opens. But they're using traffic flow tools they followed at Ikea's opening in Columbus, Ohio.
Hill said, “Funneling them into the site with easy right turns into the site, then right turns as you leave; funneling folks to the south.”
People around the area, though, are waiting to see how traffic pans out.
Jared Burris, of Fishers, said, “It will definitely be a big mess for a few weeks.”
Dan Eger, of Noblesville, said, “I think the traffic circles help. They take some getting used to.”
Bottom line, the city said, if you don't want to come out here on the first day or couple days that Ikea is open, you don't have to. They'll be here for a long time; you can always come back.
LONDON: A French couple living in London went on trial Monday accused of murdering their compatriot nanny and burning their body in a bonfire after starving and mistreating her.Sabrina Kouider and Ouissem Medouni had kept 21-year-old Sophie Lionnet as a “prisoner” and violently abused them after they moved into their southwest London home, according to an indictment read in court.Designer Kouider, 35, dressed in black, and their partner Medouni, 40, wearing a dark suit, pleaded not guilty to killing Lionnet, who was originally from Troyes in northeastern France.Medouni has pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.The couple were arrested after Lionnet's charred remains were found in their garden on September 20, shocking the community of young French au pairs in the British capital.Police had been alerted by neighbors who spotted thick smoke coming from a back garden in the well-to-do neighborhood of Wimbledon.“Without this vigilance, the two accused could have escaped with impunity despite their murder,” said prosecutor Richard Horwell.“The defendants burnt their body in the garden of their home in the hope that no one would ever discover their remains.”Lionnet had suffered fractures to their sternum, ribs and jawbone, but the exact cause of their death was unknown due to the attempt to dispose of their body.The au pair, who was described as “big hearted” had moved to London to learn English and began looking after the couple's two children.But the court heard that months of mistreatment at their hands ensued, in which they were starved, mistreated and violently assaulted.Kouider targeted Lionnet with “outlandish” allegations that they were involved with their former partner Mark Walton, who was an original member of the band Boyzone, the prosecution said.Kouider had also falsely labelled Walton a paedophile using a fake Facebook account in 2015, the court heard.Jurors were told the allegations against the former star, and any romantic involvement with Lionnet, were “quite untrue.”“Sophie was trapped in a domestic nightmare,” said Horwell, adding their life was “bizarre and oppressive.”Kouider would shout and scream at Lionnet and accused them of stealing a diamond pendant.In notes, the nanny described being called a “whore, a bitch and a slut” for no reason.Following their death, more than eight hours of “harrowing” recordings were recovered from the defendants' mobile phones of Lionnet being interrogated.They depicted “a young emaciated, frightened and helpless woman anxious to say and do whatever their two tormentors wanted them to say,” Horwell said.“The last days and hours of Sophie's life must have been truly wretched,” they added.“She was subjected, at times, to a brutal and oppressive inquisition and to significant violence.”After Lionnet's death a silent march was held in their memory in October, during which around 30 of their friends and family gathered in their London neighborhood.During the vigil their cousin Melanie Lionnet told AFP that Sophie had been “tired” and wanted to “go back to France” before their death.The victim's parents sat in the well of the court as the trial opened on Monday.
Guyana-born ‘Prince Ally' launches second Xmas album
By: Davina Ramdass
The proud, multi-award winning Guyanese, Ahamad Ally, who is better known as Prince Ally is back home in Guyana to release their 18th album, their second Christmas album.
The album features 18 Christmas classics that compile the vocals of more than four artistes, all of whom are Guyanese that migrated to Canada, like himself, or from other Caribbean islands.
Branded as Christmas Dance Mix, the album gives to its listeners a musical mix with reggae, soca and dancehall. It was produced in Canada by the production entity, Ally Talented International Production that is managed by the Guyanese in Canada.
Ally said they are proud to have songs like Joy To The World, Old Toy Train and a few others on the tape.
The songs, they said, presently are not accompanied by a video. However, they are looking into the direction of having videos recorded to have it sold as a DVD as well.
They said they began to work on the album with their colleagues back in 2015, who were indeed excited to work with each other. The musical mix was finally completed in late October and will officially hit stores tomorrow, following the signing of CD's today, in the Mahagony Hotel, Corriverton.
Ally told Kaieteur News that they left the shores of Guyana back in 1985 for Canada, only to chase their dream of becoming a musical star.
In pursuit of this dream, Ally said they were able to release their first single in Canada, five years after they left Guyana.
The vocalist noted that they are an enthusiast for inspirational music that will motivate young people and not promote violence.
This is they said, caused them to not become too involved in Chutney music, since it was a bit too ‘lawless' for him.
Ally said they produce reggae, soul, blues, jazz and even gospel music, since they are not restricted to a specific type of music.
They said they are very passionate about what they do. In establishing this point, the singer said they not only produces music as part of their profession, but also as their hobby.
In addition to their production studio, Ally also owns ‘Island Music' in Toronto, Canada, their very own music shop.
According to him, managing the business gives them a feeling of home through the Caribbean rhythms. They said the shop vends Caribbean Music and just in case it does not have what a customer might need they can place an order for the item.
In exercising their talent, Ally noted that they have performed both internationally and locally. They said, just two weeks ago, they were a surprise guest at a prominent hotel in Guyana.
In the past, they also made appearances in the United States, Canada and England.
The Guyanese has made a name for themselves overtime, through their many awards they received, both internationally and locally.
In 1990, the singer claimed the Canadian Music Awards. Once again, they were nominated for the Juno Awards in 1995 and 1997.
They walked away also with the Chutney Music Awards in 1999, as well as the Music of the Year – Soul Train Awards in 2005.
Ally was given a special award from the late Mr. Habeeb Khan in Canada, as they recognised the international artistes.
Even as they launch this new album, Ally said they are planning to launch yet another in February, 2018, which will feature a song titled ‘Prescription Drugs'.
Although they sought not to mention much about the new album, they said that it will also feature a Valentine's special.
To support the talent of Prince Ally, interested persons are free to pick up a copy of the mix tape at Matt's Record Bar or contact them on their email address at ‘guyan[email protected]'.
They can also be contacted on 682-8195 or 692-0923.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – A problem with the new Apple software update is causing a stir on social media with iPhone users.
The battery life is much shorter than previous programming and that's frustrating some Apple users.
24-Hour News 8's Joe Melillo looked into the situation.
Joe also talked to Julie Street-Meyer who has been reviewing tech products for more than 20 years to get their take on the iPhone software issue.
To watch this entire segment, click on the video.
Plans have been lodged for the first new Scottish secondary school in more than 20 years.
Details of the £32.5 million Bertha Park project have been submitted to planners at Perth and Kinross Council.
The long-awaited school will be part of a £1 billion city expansion being built by Springfield Properties to the north of Perth.
It will have a capacity of 1,100, with the first roll of around 100 pupils scheduled to move in August 2019. The tally will rise by about 120 each year, meaning full capacity will not be reached for at least nine years.
The school is described as “unique” in the Scottish Government schools programme in that it is not a direct replacement for an existing school, instead a new building to serve Perth's ever-growing population. It's understood to be the first new secondary school in Scotland since the 1990s.
The designs include an additional support needs unit and two all-weather floodlit pitches, as well as a multi-use games area. A biomass energy plant, which turns natural gas into electricity, will be built in the school grounds to help provide power.
Feedback from a public consultation has been used to shape the planning application. The public has until February 24 to comment on the plans before they go before councillors for a final decision.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Bibb deputies are investigating a homicide on John Kennedy Drive that happened around 2:00 AM on Saturday morning.
Antwan Rutherford, 22, and their uncle Darnell Stephens, 45, got into an argument outside of their home.
Apparently, the two got their hand guns involved in the middle of the argument.
Rutherford shot their uncle in the leg. It ended when Stephens shot them in the back of the head.
Both were rushed to Navicent Health Hospital.
Stephens was listed in stable condition while Rutherford was later pronounced dead at the hospital.
Stephens is being charged with aggravated assault.
NEON(NEW YORK) — The “stars aligned” for Allison Janney to play Tonya Harding's abusive, eccentric mother in the film I, Tonya, and now they have a Golden Globe nomination to show for it.
Monday morning, the actor scored a nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture for their role as LaVona Golden. The film itself was recognized in the Best Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy category, and Margot Robbie, who plays Tonya, received a Best Actress nod.
“This project has been so special on many, many levels,” Janney tells ABC Radio. “But most of all because my dear friend Steven Rogers wrote this movie and while they did not dream up the part of LaVona for me, they were writing it and thought, ‘The only person I want to play this part is Allison Janney.'”
Janney calls it a “huge compliment and thrill” that Rogers specifically thought of them for the role. They say he's written other roles with them in mind, but she's never gotten to play them.
“So this is the first time we're working together,” they say. “The stars all aligned, the planets aligned, it was a miracle that it happened and I'm really proud of it.”
Janney has so far also been nominated for a Film Independent Spirit Award and a Critics Choice Award for I, Tonya, which is out in limited release now.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Miki Victoria Sudo is a top-tier competitive eater, ranked top three in the world among women.  They are probably best-known for winning the women's competition at Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest; Sudo unseated the previous champion, Sonya Thomas, in 2014, and has won in every year since. In 2018, Sudo gulped down 37 hot dogs and hot dog buns in just ten minutes. They fell short of their 2017 record of 41 hot dogs, but they still took home the Nathans belt.
A dedicated athlete, Sudo is constantly working to improve their own performance — and they aren't content to be just a hot dog champion. They have taken prizes in pie eating contests, bratwurst eating contests, and turkey-eating championships, among others. They came away with a bronze medal after a deep-fried aparagus eating contest in Stockton, California; they won the gold in a kimchi eating contest held in Chicago.
Food writers say that Sudo stands out from their competitors because of their unique, elegant style — they move around as if shes dancing while they eat — and their irrepressible sense of humor.
Here's what you need to know.
1. Sudo Learned to Devour Them Food While Living in Japan
Sudo was born in New York City to a Japanese father and a European-American mother. When Sudo was four years old, the family moved to Japan, where they lived for seven years.
Sudo says that living in Japan taught them the importance of always finishing the food on their plate. They said it's considered the height of rudeness to leave food behind.
2. Sudo Was the Second Best Child Sumo Wrestler in All of Japan
Just wrapped up my 1st practice of 2018 with just 2 weeks to go. I didn't finish what I cooked, so I got a doggy bag🤣 pic.twitter.com/NwH17URCKQ — Miki Sudo (@OMGitsMIKI) June 16, 2018
While in Japan, Sudo also got into sumo wrestling. By age eight, they were competing in sumo tournaments. “There was a national competition, and in my division, I took second place in the country,” they told Maxim magazine.
3. Sudo's Favorite Foods Are Grilled Salmon and Sushi
Sharing this now bc I didn't have reception at the venue. @cardboardshell is my hero. Xoxo pic.twitter.com/CLcQgOvLza — Miki Sudo (@OMGitsMIKI) June 10, 2018
Sudo says that of all the food eating contests in the world, Nathan's is their favorite. “My favorite competition food is probably Nathan's just because it's huge. It's the largest event on the circuit, it's the Super Bowl of competitive eating, so that's a great event,” they told Newsweek.
They say ribs and chicken wings are the most enjoyable foods to eat competitively.
But when she's not competing, their favorite foods are much healthier: grilled salmon, and sushi. Sudo has also been spotted at all-you-can-eat Korean buffets.
They say that in the lead-up to the Nathans competition, they are careful to get into the best shape possible.
4. Sudo Won Them First Competitive Eating Contest While a Student at Fordham University
TOMORROW! @originalnathans Fourth of July International Hot Dog Eating Contest! 10:50a ET – Women's Competition – ESPN3 / ESPN App 12p ET – Men's Competition – ESPN2 Men's Competition will also re-air on ESPN2 at 4p and 7:30p ET pic.twitter.com/z4LuxEW3Pt — Major League Eating (@eatingcontest) July 3, 2018
Sudo got their undergraduate degree from Fordham University in New York. In their first-year student year, they got wind of a cereal-eating contest being held in the dining hall. Always the consummate competitor, Sudo signed up, and they won hands down.
They came away with first prize — a DVD player which they still use.
They Train for Competition by Juicing
Nathan's 2017: Women's GoPro Cam, 41 Hot Dogs and Buns in 10 min.: https://t.co/Okpjm6vhCf via @YouTube — Miki Sudo (@OMGitsMIKI) August 18, 2017
In the lead-up to a big competition, Sudo likes to consume lots of juice — drinking their nutrients, instead of eating them, makes it easier for their body to process them, Sudo says. The “princess of competitive eating” is especially fond of kale and quinoa.
But when she's not in training, Sudo goes in for spicy tacos and Japanese Asahi beer.
Patrick T. Fallon / Reuters
The falling out with Lahren was not spurred by their pro-choice comments on The View, the suit says, but rather employment issues that have gone on for more than a year.
The Blaze cited a number of alleged issues it claimed to have with Lahren, like constant complaining with the floor crew, inappropriate on-air word choice, and comments from Lahren that were "uninformed and inconsistent."
The suit said that Lahren's statement on The View called many of The Blaze's viewers hypocrites and also "diverged dramatically" from their previous stance. “I can't sit here and be a hypocrite and say I'm for limited government, but I think the government should decide what women do with their bodies,” they said last month on the show.
"Lahren's statements were offensive to many of TheBlaze's supporters and followers because they imply that only a hypocrite would believe in the Constitution or conservative values but not be pro-choice," the lawsuit reads.
On March 23, 2017, the lawsuit says, The Blaze's told Lahren that they were suspending their show indefinitely.
The suit claims that Lahren was not fired, but that instead, the company has relied on a "pay or play” option. This allows the network to not broadcast them show.
The countersuit also claims that Lahren has access to their social media accounts.
The Blaze did not immediately respond to BuzzFeed News' request for comment.
As the Super Bowl approaches, NFL fans are relying more and more on NFL Network for exclusive football coverage. Good Morning Football is one of the prominent shows on the network, making Kay Adams one of the leading voices in NFL coverage.
Adams has been dishing on the NFL for the better part of the last decade, and has found a home at NFL Network after previous stints with other news outlets. Here's some background on the Chicago native:
1. Adams is Up at 3:45 a.m. For Good Morning Football
Adams' primary duty is hosting Good Morning Football, the daily morning news program on NFL Network. They host a four-person desk with former NFL player Nate Burleson, writer Peter Schrager, and analyst Kyle Brandt. The four discuss the day's hottest football topics, and are regularly visited by the biggest NFL names.
Along with the Sunday show NFL Gameday Morning, ratings are up at NFL Network. Good Morning Football, which is in it's second NFL season, was up eight percent over it's debut season in November.
2. Started As An In-Game Host For The St. Louis Cardinals
Adams strictly works for the NFL these days, but they bounced around early in their career. Them the earliest break in sports came with the St. Louis Cardinals, where they bounced around the stadium as an in-game host.
From there, Adams began to narrow their focus on fantasy football. On Sundays, they work as the host of “Fantasy Zone” for DirecTV, which breaks down the fantasy impact of NFL action as it unfolds. They also spent time working with NBCSports in Boston, appearing on a video series called “Quick Slants.”
3. Them Focus is Fantasy Football
For over five years, Adams has been a constant YouTube presence in the fantasy football community. The earliest evidence of their fantasy escapades is their six-year old fantasy recaps on their personal channel, which they quickly disregarded. They also appear for another company was in 2013, in the above fantasy recap for DraftDayMedia. She's also worked with FanDuel and other fantasy outlets in the past to provide expertise.
4. They Say Some Men Have Been ‘Intimidated' By Them Football Knowledge
In 2012, Adams appeared on The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson. During the interview, Ferguson asked Adams if they get any flak for their looks in the male-dominated sports world.
“It's not easy, it's not the easiest thing, but I deal with it,” Adams told the host, shrugging off the question. When Ferguson pressed about how men act around them in the football world, Adams used the words “intimated” and “insecure.”
Ferguson asked about Adams' dating life, where they said that they were single but could find it hard dating someone with football knowledge.
“I think it takes a very special person to, you know, support someone who knows more than they do.” Adams replied with a smile.
5. They Think Condiments Are Gross & Bacon Smells Bad
Adams appeared on the Garbage Time Podcast with Katie Nolan in 2016, where they dished on the upcoming NFL season. But they also let loose with some personal facts, including their picky eating habits.
For starters, Adams hates condiments. Ketchup has acceptable moments, but they were disgusted when Nolan asked them to choose either Blue Cheese or Ranch dressing for their chicken wings. When Nolan asked what they ate with their wings, Adams confessed that they have, in fact, never had chicken wings.
To Nolan's outrage, Adams defiantly declared that bacon smells bad. They clarified that it's not just chicken wings, but the bone-in aspect of the dish that peeves them That means no wings, and no ribs.
“I'll eat chicken, a burger. I can eat more pizza than anybody,” Adams said defensively.
Watch the full video to see Nolan roast their guest for their bacon hate.
ENON — Community members are invited to have a slice of the 4th Annual Enon Pizza Festival slated for 3-9 p.m. Saturday, June 9 at Settlers' Park in downtown Enon.
Pizza vendors from around the area and Enon's own hometown pizzerias have been invited to participate again in the event, where pizza will be sold by the slice.
Musical entertainment this year includes Ryan Fyffe from Enon, the LA Band from Springfield and Smoking Hams Band from London, Ohio. The bands will be playing in the shaded areas around the Enon Primary School.
“The Enon Pizza Festival is an excellent opportunity to showcase Enon and invite people from throughout the area to spend a day in our town,” Enon Police Chief Lew Wilcox said. “Thanks to the support of Mayor Tim Howard and the village council, the Enon Pizza Festival tradition is on its way to continue for many years to come.”
Any profits realized from the Pizza Festival event will be used to help fund the Enon Police Shop-With-A-Cop program held annually in December.
For questions, call Kristy Thome at 937-864-7870 or Chief Lew Wilcox at 937-864-5577 or e-mail EPD@enon-oh.gov. Check out the Enon web site at www.enonohio.com for a list of other upcoming family-friendly events planned for this summer.
Dundee University's renowned forensic science expert Professor Dame Sue Black has been tasked with solving a 270-year-old mystery.
Prof Black is to exhume remains at the Wardlaw Mausoleum near Inverness to determine if they belong to 11th Lord Lovat, chief of Clan Fraser, who was beheaded at the Tower of London in 1747.
Records show the remains of the clan chief are still in the Tower, but it's thought their body might have been brought back to Scotland to be laid to rest.
Prof Black said: “We believe we have the coffin that was at least meant to be for Lord Lovat.
“Of course, there might be something, or someone, else in it, but it does look as if there is bone is there.”
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Here are the latest scores from today's sports events:
NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION
Final Charlotte 133 Indiana 126
Final L.A. Lakers 102 Brooklyn 99
Final Toronto 130 Portland 105
Final Boston 119 Atlanta 110
Final Philadelphia 103 Miami 97
Final Milwaukee 92 N-Y Knicks 90
Final Utah 129 Phoenix 97
Final New Orleans 114 Oklahoma City 100
Final Golden State 119 Sacramento 104
NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE
Final Pittsburgh 7 Washington 4
Final Detroit 4 Carolina 1
Final San Jose 3 Columbus 1
Final Minnesota 5 Vegas 2
TOP-25 COLLEGE BASKETBALL
Final (22) Rhode Island 81 VCU 68
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
After years of anticipation, Sherlock Season 4 finally premiered Sunday night on PBS and it's a toss up as to whether or not it was worth the wait. While the episode ended with a huge and shocking twist, it was a mess of fan service, recycled jokes, convoluted plot points and ret-con that has fans scratching their heads, wondering where this next season is headed.
Now, before we go any further here's you spoiler warning, because if you haven't watched it, you really, really should.
Because the internet is great at stuff like this, fans have a lot of ideas (some good, some bad) about WHAT IT ALL MEANS. Devoted Sherlock fans know to expect twists and turns and that often times things aren't exactly what they seem. While we wait for the next episode, here are five of the best theories currently floating around after “The Six Thatchers.”
1. John isn't having an affair?
This one was hard to swallow. We've always known John Watson to be loyal to a fault. Why else would they put up with Sherlock for as long as they have. Fans (understandably) felt that their subsequent flirtation/affair with the redhead on the bus was out of character for him, and only added to ramp up their guilt factor over Mary's death.
But, as Tumblr user The 7 Percent Solution writes, the woman on the bus could be an actual red herring.
Red hair, red coat, red lips. You saw what you wanted to see – what you expected to see. John Watson saved their phone number, so obviously she's the one who “misses” him. The “vampire”. The one who texts them at night…No, no. You took one look at them and thought, contrary to everything you know about John Watson's “strong moral character” – “what the (redacted) , he's cheating on their wife”. You fell for the red herring. This is the point behind the writing of Sherlock – they constantly play on your preconceived notions of human behavior and attempt to break them. They love to pull the rug.
And from a Reddit user who picked up this little detail:
John's cheating – we'll hear about this again (otherwise what was the point of including this?) The woman was sitting in front of a poster of Culverton Smith (Toby Smith) the last time we saw her, that probably wasn't a coincidence. She's involved with Culverton somehow.
2. John is texting Harry at night
We're meant to think it's the woman from the bus, and that Watson, stifled by domestic life and as someone who was always a bit of a flirt, is having a sexting romance. But, there are whispers it could also be their estranged sister Harry.
Tumblr user Victorian Lover went above and beyond, and recorded the text messages John gets in the episode, to come to this conclusion:
You can hear that E and Sherlock have the same text tone but the message they got in the bedroom comes from neither of them! So who is texting John in the middle of the night? Mycroft? Harry?
That's just amazing dedication. Who knows if it's true, but well done.
3. ‘Hell' is an actual town
The final scene of “The Six Thatchers” Mary says, “Go to hell, Sherlock.” After their touching goodbye, there's no way she's telling them off, and “hell” is an actual, physical space.
According to Canuck Sherlock , it could be an actual town in Norway.
So during “Mary's” travel montage, they pass through Norway, where they then finds the fake passport. In the Norway scene, there are a lot of boats and water in the background, as well as the rocky hills...Now where would we find a place called hell? what does that even mean? Ah yes, of course, Hell, Norway Hell, Norway is also conveniently beside water where boats are able to easily come and go. Could that be where she's trying to lead Sherlock to? Perhaps.
4. Mary isn't actually dead?
Creators Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss have faked two deaths already (Sherlock at the end of season 2, one in "The Abominable Bride") so what's one more? Though, it would be a pretty cheap stunt to traumatize Watson like this again.
A lot of people think Sherlock helped Mary fake their death, and there's this tidbit via Reddit:
Also, Mary is definitely not dead, sorry. Listen to their wording on the DVD: "When I'm gone, IF I'm gone..."
So maybe she'll come back 2 yrs later dressed as a waiter in a restaurant as John is proposing to Sherlock #Sherlock — Hannah Jackson (@henneh_jecksen) January 2, 2017
5. "Sherrinford" is the third brother
At the end of the episode, Mycroft makes a call to someone name "Sherrinford" and, as Mashable points out, it could be the third Holmes brother.
The recap video before the episode pointedly drew our attention back to Mycroft's Season 3 finale line, "I'm not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion. You know what happened to the other one," and the internet certainly seems to think that Tom Hiddleston could be putting in an appearance as Sherlock and Mycroft's brother — but when are Moffat and Gatiss ever that kind?
Wait, back up. We could see TOM HIDDLESTON this season? That's too much to hope for.
Anyway, that's a lot to digest. Good work, Sherlock fans. The next episode, "The Lying Detective", airs on January 8.
Follow @insidefutbol
Neil Lennon is thrilled with Hibernian's 2-1 win away at Rangers and has compared the feat to when they led Celtic to victory over Barcelona in the Champions League.
Hibernian were at the races from the off at Ibrox and took the lead with four minutes left in the first half when John McGinn hit a superb shot from around 20 yards out.
Rangers rallied in the second half and eventually pulled level through Sean Goss, who hit a free-kick into the top corner to give the Gers hope of taking all three points.
But Rangers never had a chance to build on their goal and fell behind once again just two minutes later when Scott Allan was brought down in the box, meaning Hibs' Jamie MacLaren had the chance to score from the spot, and they made no mistake.
Lennon was thrilled with their men winning at Ibrox and thinks it was an incredible feat given the injuries they have been dealing with and the fact the match was their fifth in just 13 days .
"Today it's up there in the managerial career with the Barcelona result, just for the circumstances and the injuries that we've had", Lennon said on BBC Radio Scotland.
"The players played fantastic first half and Rangers came back strongly second half.
"Then we decided to come out and play after the equaliser and got a good penalty. We held on comfortably in the end.
"It's an incredible result really under the circumstances.
"It's our fifth game in 13 days", they added.
The win at Ibrox means that Hibernian are now just two points behind third placed Rangers as Lennon eyes pushing past Graeme Murty's Gers.
This is Marideth Sisco for These Ozarks Hills. This spate of dry Autumn days has gotten me thinking about the whimsical Ozarks climate and remembering other seasons and what folks said about them. Natives, mostly. And by that I don't mean those born here. I mean the original natives. Now, I don't know that I look all that much Native American, even though I am about a quarter's worth. But sooner or later someone, usually someone with some Native American ancestry and often someone I don't know, will come up to me out of the blue and tell me something I need to know. And it's always useful.
For instance, when I first moved down here to West Plains from Springfield and looking for a place to light, a fellow came up to me and instructed me that anywhere I looked for a house to buy or rent would be all right, so long as I didn't go anywhere near the country club and the subdivision that surrounded it on three sides. Why's that, I wanted to know.
“Because that's where the big winds always come through,” I was told. “The old ones told them that when the white folks first got here.
How do you know that's true I asked?
Because that's what always happens. See that clubhouse? That was completely blown away.”
When did that happen, I asked.
Which time? the person said. So, needless to say, I didn't look in that area any more. In the 30 years I've been here the clubhouse hasn't been blown away again. But there's been more than one very near miss.
Later I wrote a pleasant little piece about the pleasures of outdoor life in the Ozarks and another person who looked to be of indigenous persuasion complimented me on my accuracy. I thanked them but they kept on talking;
“I liked how you emphasized the spring and fall seasons, they said. “It was very tactful of you not to mention that Spring and Fall are the only seasons when the Ozarks is fit to live in. That's why all the tribes traveled through here in spring and fall, for the late spring fruit harvest and the fall nut harvest. They wouldn't be caught dead here any other time of the year. I try to get away whenever I can, they said.
Well, I had to agree once I'd thought about it, but I'd never heard it said before, and I have no idea how I put that knowledge into my story before I knew it.
Truth to tell, I'm not much of an Indian.
I was often reminded of that fact by my Osage uncle Leonard, the husband of my mother's sister. When I was a child we in the Ozarks were all still under the onus of older times when it was disaster to be thought of as having indigenous blood. So, it was just never discussed. My great uncle Boomer, in fact, used to offer to fight anyone who suggested we might be part Indian, even though their daughter looked just like Pocahontas. But then Juanita married Leonard, and from then on it was obvious we had at least one redskin in the family, and it went way beyond skin color. Their face could have been the model for the flip side of the buffalo nickel. When they were traveling, more than one artist accosted them as they were having a meal in a cafe and bought them coffee and dessert just so he'd sit still while they sketched him.
Some family members behaved as though they were embarrassed by him, but for me they were a fountain of knowledge. Not book knowledge. Not Academics. More a sense of belonging to the earth. An awareness of what it was to Listen deeply. And drink deeply of earth's offerings. When my family and theirs followed jobs to the Pacific northwest, Leonard would go out to the reservations of tribes they had never met, and come back with great slabs of Indian-smoked salmon and an always increasing knowledge of what that country held. They took my mother fishing to the confluence of the Snake and Yakima rivers where they hooked a giant sturgeon that took them flying down the bank as fast as they could run with their new Ocean City rod and reel. Fortunately, the line broke before they were dragged under because they were determined that fish wasn't getting their new gear. That same summer, hiking in the Hungry Horse Hills, they noticed how timid I was watching my footing while clambering down a steep hill.
Let me show you how to do that, they said, and held out their hand. No sooner had I taken it than they started running headlong down the hill, digging in their heels and whooping like a, well, like an Indian. You have too much to do, they said to me later. You don't have time to be afraid. Just get busy. I was 12. I never forgot it. They taught me how to keep track of what direction I was going. In all sorts of ways. Most of all, they taught me to be comfortable in my body and comfortable on the earth. Comfortable with the passing of time and the onslaught of age. To not be afraid to be Comfortable
So, a couple of weekends ago when I had to go into the hospital to get a bit of a tune-up on my heart, I just couldn't work myself up to any real fearfulness. To me it was just a change of seasons, a pause to reflect on the wonder of life and how everything in nature, if we don't poke at it, moves just as it should. And today, sitting out by the garden resting and wishing we'd gotten a bit more rain, I remembered another year, another recovery from another illness. Like today I was sitting out by the garden not far from where I'd rigged a leaky hose to get some extra moisture to a late planting of squash. It was mid-morning and I was sitting in the shade, enjoying the breeze and my coffee when I caught a movement in my peripheral vision. I turned my head slowly and saw, to my amazement, a covey of 16 quail marching in a little cue only about 30 feet away, ignoring me, going across the lawn and into the garden, right there by the squash plants. They were in there about 20 minutes and then marched back out. I'd no idea how many days they'd been stopping by that little oasis, but I never saw a single squash bug on that planting. Another day that summer a cardinal stopped by, had a drink and proceeded to eat every hornworm on my tomatoes. I felt so at home and in tune with life and nature I felt like I couldn't help but heal. It's the same today. I don't know how much it has to do with bloodlines and how much it has to do with age, but I do know that we all get along better in the world when we set aside our striving and our visions of somehow, someday, achieving some lofty position where things will be better. Better than what? We might consider, even though it's a quite indigenous notion that suggests we just recognize our place in things, to just get over ourselves and come to be comfortable being just a thread in the fabric of a creation far greater than ourselves. This is Marideth Sisco, happy to be alive in these Ozark Hills, Happy to have these native notions popping into my consciousness, and ridiculously happy to be just one small thread in the fabric of a marvelous creation.
Bloomberg Markets with Carol Massar.
GUESTS: Joe Deaux Metals and Mining Reporter Bloomberg News Discussing their story Caterpillar earnings.
George Young Partner and Portfolio Manager Villere & Co. Discussing investing in small caps.
Dan Heckman National Investment Consultant US Bank Wealth Management Discussing oil outlook.
Benjamin Elgin Projects & Investigations Reporter Bloomberg News Discussing their story "Facebook's Battle Against Fake News Notches Uneven Scorecard."
Jim Lowell Chief Investment Officer Adviser Investments Discussing the markets and investing.
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
But for Trump's supporters to believe he's the victim of an un-American conspiracy, they have to position themselves as the force cleansing a corrupt justice system — a victim-turned-conqueror who has been exonerated by the missteps of their foes.
They have to politicize the FBI and Justice Department by arguing that they already were politicized. That's how he's trying to use McCabe.
"Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI — A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious (former FBI Director) James Comey was their boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. They knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!" Trump wrote on Twitter early Saturday morning.
Trump's lawyer, John Dowd, supplied the kicker later in the day in referring to McCabe's termination: "I pray that (Deputy) Attorney General (Rod) Rosenstein will follow the brilliant and courageous example of the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility and Attorney General Jeff Sessions and bring an end to alleged Russia Collusion investigation manufactured by McCabe's boss James Comey based upon a fraudulent and corrupt Dossier."
Of course Trump is anxious to get Mueller to stop. Whether or not they did anything wrong, there's nothing helpful to the president about guilty pleas, new indictments, the possible investigation of their family's business activities or the general distraction from their agenda.
But McCabe was reportedly being investigated for their involvement in the FBI's probe into Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election. Their most important connection to the Mueller probe could be that they reportedly turned over contemporaneous notes that support Comey's testimony about Trump. That is — as Trump and Dowd have made clear — McCabe matters more to them because of their role in the Mueller investigation into Trump than their work on the Clinton case.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – A man was taken into custody after they allegedly inappropriately touched a young girl.
Alan Hyman, 71, admitted to police they pulled down a 7-year-old girl's underwear and inappropriately touched her, according to an arrest report.
>> MUGSHOTS: August 2017 Roundup
Hyman was booked into Louisville Metro Department of Corrections and charged with sexual assault.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Heather Heyer, 32, died after being hit by a car that ploughed into a crowd of counter-protesters
"If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention" was the last public Facebook post made by Heather Heyer.
The paralegal and Charlottesville native was killed after a car rammed into a group of protesters near a "Unite the Right" rally in the city on Saturday.
Them mother told the Huffington Post they wanted their daughter's death to be "a rallying cry for justice and equality".
"Heather was about stopping hatred," they said of the 32-year-old.
"She was there with their friends, and they were trying to simply cross the street as the movement was breaking up that day, and they were ploughed down by a young man who was intent on spreading hate and thought hate would fix the world," they told NBC.
Image copyright Getty Image caption Tributes have been paid to Ms Heyer who died protesting the far-right rally in their hometown
At work Ms Heyer provided legal help to people at risk of repossessions and evictions.
Them manager, Alfred Wilson, described them as a "a very strong, very opinionated young woman" who was opposed to President Donald Trump and Jason Kessler, the blogger who organised Saturday's Unite the Right rally.
"She would literally sit in the office and cry at times because they were worried about what was going to happen to the country," they said.
Mr Kessler was chased away from a press conference on Sunday when they tried to blame Virginia's police for the outbreak of violence.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Thousands have attended vigils across the country honouring Ms Heyer
Vigils were held across the country for Ms Heyer, as senior politicians offered their condolences for their death.
A GoFundMe page quickly raised over $225,000 (£190,000) for their family.
James Alex Field Jnr, a 20-year-old man living in Ohio with far-right links, was charged with their second-degree murder.
US Vice-President Mike Pence condemned the act, saying: "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK."
President Donald Trump has been widely rebuked for not denouncing those groups specifically, instead criticising violence on "many sides".
KMTC Phagwah meet set for March 18
The Kennard Memorial Turf Club will be hosting its annual Phagwah Race meet on March 18 at Bush Lot Farm, Corentyne, Berbice.
The main event listed on the card is the E and Lower for 7 furlongs and fetch a top prize of $700,000 with the runner-up taking home $350,000; fourth place will pocket $175,000 and fourth place $88,000.
Other races carded are the L-non winners (5 furs) for a winning purse of $120,000, I and J and lower (6 furs) in which the winner will receive $200,000, L Open (5 furs) for $150,000 winning prize, H and lower w/a (7 furs) for $300,000 winning purse and K and lower (6 furs) which will see the winner taking home $160,000.
The races will be held under the rules of the Guyana Horse Racing Authority and entries will be closed on March 11; no late entries will be accepted.
Registration can be done through Ivan Dipnarine on 331-0316, Cecil Kennard 623-7609, 225-4818, Fazal Habibulla 657 7010, Dennis Deroop on 640-6396 or Campton Sancho on 602 1567.
Last week, I had an evening event to attend, so I needed a dinner plan that could be executed, from start to finish, within a 90-minute window.
The night before, I conducted a quick survey of the contents of my refrigerator, freezer and pantry which revealed an inventory that included pork tenderloin, fresh parsley, rosemary and thyme, lemon, granulated garlic, Dijon mustard, parmesan cheese and panko breadcrumbs.
Voila — a recipe was born. I pulled the pork from my freezer to let it thaw in the refrigerator overnight, then trundled off to bed, happy that I wouldn't need to make an extra trip to the grocery store in the morning.
I started my dinner prep by searing the tenderloin in a hot pan, on all sides, until it was an even golden brown. Then I placed the seared meat in the fridge for about 10 to 15 minutes, until it was cool enough to coat with Dijon mustard. If the meat is too warm, the mustard won't adhere.
As the meat chilled, I prepared the coating by mixing finely chopped herbs with panko breadcrumbs and added a touch of lemon zest and granulated garlic for extra flavor. Breadcrumbs are a staple in our pantry, and even though we also had plain and Italian-seasoned breadcrumbs in supply, I chose the Japanese-style panko breadcrumbs for this recipe because I love the crunchy texture.
For folks who like to plan ahead, you could sear the tenderloin and prepare the herb-breadcrumb mixture the night before, so that all you'd need to do the next day is coat the tenderloin and roast it. (If my pork tenderloin hadn't needed to thaw overnight, this is what I would have done.)
Once the pork cooled, I coated the entire tenderloin with Dijon mustard, including both ends. Then I dredged the mustard-coated tenderloin in the breadcrumb mixture and rolled it until it was totally encrusted.
I transferred the tenderloin to a lightly greased baking sheet and roasted it in a 375-degree oven for about 30 to 40 minutes, until the crust was a medium-golden brown and an internal temperature of 145 to degrees was achieved. Whenever we roast or grill any kind of meat, we always use a meat thermometer to ensure a safe and accurate temperature is reached.
I rounded out our menu with some whipped potatoes and brown gravy, which were left over from a Norwegian meatball dinner earlier in the week.
An hour later, we were sitting down to supper, which was so good that my family had no idea how easy it was for me to prepare. I was out the door by 6:30, and even arrived early for my meeting. Pork tenderloin, you never let me down.
*The brown gravy recipe is posted on our blog this week so visit us online at www.thelostitalian.areavoices.com.
Herb Encrusted Pork Tenderloin Roast
Serves : 4 to 6 or halve the recipe for 2 to 3 servings
Ingredients:
2 1-pound whole pork tenderloins
For each tenderloin, use:
½ teaspoon kosher salt
¼ teaspoon black pepper
1 tablespoon olive oil
For the crust:
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 cup panko breadcrumbs
1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, finely chopped, stem removed
1 teaspoon fresh thyme, finely chopped, stem removed
1 tablespoon fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped
¼ teaspoon granulated garlic (or garlic powder)
½ teaspoon kosher salt
¼ teaspoon black pepper
1 tablespoon olive oil
¼ cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
¼ teaspoon lemon zest
Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Lightly season each tenderloin on all sides with ½ teaspoon kosher salt and ¼ teaspoon black pepper.
In a medium sauté pan, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat until hot. Sear each tenderloin, one at a time, on all sides until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes per side (at most).
Transfer seared tenderloins to a plate and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes, until cool. Prepare the coating as the meat chills.
In a shallow rectangular baking dish, combine all of the ingredients for the crust until well mixed.
Once the meat has cooled, use a pastry brush to generously coat each tenderloin with Dijon mustard, covering all sides evenly. One at a time, place each tenderloin in the breadcrumb mixture and use your hands to evenly coat the entire piece of meat.
Transfer the tenderloins to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and roast for 30 to 40 minutes, until the crust is a rich golden brown and an internal temperature of 145 degrees (medium) is achieved. Use a meat thermometer for accuracy.
Remove from oven, cover dish with tin foil and let the meat rest for 10 minutes before carving. Slice into half-inch medallions and serve.
Advance prep:
24 hours before: Sear the meat then wrap tightly in plastic and refrigerate. Prepare herb and breadcrumb mixture, cover with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature.
2 hours before: Apply the Dijon mustard and herb-crumb coating; place tenderloins on baking sheet lined with parchment paper, lightly cover and refrigerate until ready to roast
Sarah's tips:
Remove any connective tissue on the top of your tenderloin, but leave any small bits of fat on for best flavor.
Tenderloins are not big pieces of meat, and oven temperatures vary, so use a meat thermometer to start checking the tenderloin for doneness at 25 minutes to prevent over-cooking.
If the pork reaches 145 degrees before the crust has turned a rich, golden brown, drizzle some olive oil over the top of the tenderloin, from end to end, and continue baking until the crust is done.
Allowing the meat to rest for 10 minutes before carving helps keep all the juices from running out when slicing.
Pork loin may be used instead of tenderloin, and you will need to increase the cooking time by at least 5 to 10 minutes.
If using pork loin, leave the top layer of fat on for best flavor.
Garlic powder may be used in place of granulated garlic.
Experiment with different styles of mustard, according to your taste.
"Home With the Lost Italian" is a weekly column written by Sarah Nasello featuring recipes by their husband, Tony Nasello. The couple owns Sarello's in Moorhead and lives in Fargo with their 12-year-old son, Giovanni. Readers can reach them at sarahnasello@gmail.com.
All previous recipes can be found at thelostitalian.areavoices.com.
The 2017 fantasy golf season kicks off in Hawaii, as the PGA Tour heads to the Aloha State this week for the Tournament of Champions. A field of 32 winners from last year will gather to tackle the Plantation Course at Kapalua.
Be sure to join the Golf Channel Fantasy Challenge to test yourself against our panel of experts, including defending champion Ryan Lavner. Click here for full fantasy assistance, including stats and picks.
Jordan Spieth won this event last year by eight shots over Patrick Reed. Here are 10 players to watch in Maui:
1. Hideki Matsuyama: There's no better place to start than with the hottest player for the final months of 2016. Matsuyama has won four of their last five worldwide starts, including an easy victory at the limited-field Hero World Challenge last month in the Bahamas.
2. Jordan Spieth: Spieth took things to another level at this event a year ago, reaching 30 under par en route to an eight-shot win. They also finished solo second here in their 2014 tournament debut and clearly has developed an affinity for the Plantation Course, where he'll look to be the first back-to-back winner since Geoff Ogilvy in 2009-10.
3. Dustin Johnson: Kapalua tends to favor the bombers, and few can match the aerial prowess of Johnson, who won this event in 2013 when winds shortened it to 54 holes. Johnson also finished T-6 here in 2014 and enters off a season where they won three times and was named PGA Tour Player of the Year.
4. Patrick Reed: Reed won this event in 2015, then beat everyone not named Spieth last year in their title defense. While they aren't able to keep pace with the two-time major winner, Reed clearly thrives in Maui and has now carded eight straight rounds in the 60s on the par-73 layout.
5. Jason Day: The world No. 1 would be much higher on this list were they not coming off a lengthy layoff. Day hasn't played competitively since withdrawing from the Tour Championship with a back injury, and they may try to ease their way back into form. But as their final-round 62 in 2015 indicated, the Aussie has all the tools required at Kapalua.
6. Justin Thomas: Thomas didn't fare especially well in their debut last year, but they quietly ended the year on quite a tear. Thomas had four top-10 finishes in their final five starts of 2016, highlighted by their win in Malaysia, and they appear poised for a strong year that could start with a big week in Hawaii.
7. Tony Finau: Finau is one of 11 players making their first appearance at Kapalua, and few players seem more tailor-made for its lengthy layout with plenty of elevation changes. Finau is arguably the longest driver on Tour, and their first career win came in another tropical location at the Puerto Rico Open.
8. Brandt Snedeker: Snedeker may not fit the profile of a typical Kapalua contender, but they have finished third at this event in two of their last three starts. That includes a T-3 finish last year when they closed with 65-67, and Snedeker has been under par in each of their 15 competitive rounds here.
9. Branden Grace: The South African has been a fixture on major championship leaderboards for the last few years, and they finally broke into the winner's circle at the RBC Heritage. Grace has plenty of pop off the tee, and while they haven't played in the U.S. since the BMW Championship they could certainly factor this weekend.
10. Bubba Watson: Watson has hit some of the more memorable shots at Kapalua in recent years, and they have the shotmaking creativity to go low on the Plantation Course. But Watson's T-4 finish in 2013 remains their only top-9 finish in five starts at Kapalua, a surprising stat given their advantage off the tee.
British Prime Minister Theresa May called on Tuesday for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union.
The pound strengthened by almost half a cent against the dollar as May spoke, reflecting investor relief that earlier rumors of a shock resignation did not transpire. Ten-year British government bond yields rose slightly.
“I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet where we agreed that the government should call a General Election to be held on the 8th of June,” May said in a surprise statement outside their Downing Street office.
“It was with reluctance that I decided the country needs this election, but it is with strong conviction that I say it is necessary to secure the strong and stable leadership the country needs to see us through Brexit and beyond.”
They said they would introduce legislation on Wednesday to pave the way for the early election. Under current legislation, the next election was not scheduled to take place until 2020.
May's Conservatives, who were split on the issue of European Union membership ahead of last year's referendum, are currently far ahead of Labour, the main opposition party, according to opinion polls.
May said this was a one-off chance to get an election done while the EU was agreeing on its negotiating position.
They said the government had the right plan to negotiate Brexit, and there would be no change of course.
Curtis Shane Kelly and Amanda Tullos Kelly of Rock Springs, Wyo., announce the engagement and approaching marriage of their daughter, Heather Lea Kelly, to William Rollins Foreman, son of Kenneth Michael Foreman and Patricia Rollins Foreman of Crosby.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The COLUMBIAN-PROGRESS.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://columbianprogress.com/user/login
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://columbianprogress.com/existing-subscribers
2018 Nissan Frontier King Cab Specifications
* For better visibility, download the PDF file to your computer or select zoom level.
Education Minister Naftali Bennett announced the two final winners of this year's Israel Prize: former MK Yehuda Harel will receive the prize for Lifetime Achievement in Agriculture and Settlement, and Prof. Nava Ben-Zvi will receive the prize for Lifetime Achievement in Education.
In its decision on Monday, the prize committee wrote: “Yehuda Harel is the father of Israeli settlement in the Golan, one of the most magnificent Zionist settlement projects.”
Harel moved to the Golan Heights immediately following the Six Day War and was one of the founders of Kibbutz Merom Golan as well as an active participant in the establishment of many of the Golan settlements.He also served as a founding member of the Third Way Party, serving in the 14th Knesset, together with fellow Israel Prize winner, Prof. Alex Lubotzky.“A man of vision and action that transformed the Golan Heights from a basalt and battlefield to a vibrant area; a place of Zionist agricultural activity in the full sense of the word,” the committee wrote.For the Israel Prize in education, the committee wrote in its decision, “Prof. Ben-Zvi was a professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, chair of the Center for Scientific Studies, and in the 1970s, they were a member of the team that established the Open University with the aim of making education accessible to the general population.“Prof. Ben-Zvi is a pioneer in the field of accessibility of materials to the Internet, with the understanding that children learn and internalize through learning experiences. Prof. Ben-Zvi also worked to strengthen curricula in the field of mathematics and in general, and served as chairperson of the Israel Center for Excellence in Education, which provides education for excellent students from all sectors of the population in Israel,” it wrote.The committee hailed Ben-Zvi's promotion of women's leadership in the field of health and their leadership in integrating ethnic minorities, ultra-Orthodox, and people with learning disabilities into the higher education system in Israel.“Nava was invited to serve as a member of the United Nations International Initiative called Academic Impact, which aims to actively support human rights, literacy, sustainability and conflict resolution,” the committee wrote in its decision.The Israel Prize is largely regarded as the state's highest honor. It is presented annually on Independence Day in a state ceremony in Jerusalem in the presence of the president, the prime minister, the Knesset speaker and the Supreme Court president.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
- Advertisement -
The foot bones of a toddler who died 3 million years ago show that baby pre-humans could both walk upright like modern humans and scamper up trees like apes, researchers said Wednesday.
The thumb-sized fossils come from a skeleton discovered in Dikika, Ethiopia, in 2002 and they have delivered priceless insights into how modern humans evolved from our distant ancestors, the researchers said.
“To have a fossil this complete, and to have the fossil of a child, gives us a brand-new window into of what it was like 3 million years ago,” said Jeremy DeSilva, a paleontologist at Dartmouth University whose team examined the tiny foot bones.
“Skeletons are rare and skeletons of kids are even rarer.”
A 3.32 million-year-old Australopithecus afarensis foot from Dikika, Ethiopia, superimposed over researcher Jeremy DeSilva's toddler's footprint.Jeremy DeSilva
Different teams of experts have looked at various parts of the precious fossil skeleton, which belonged to an Australopithecus afarensis that would have been about 2 ½ years old when they died.
It took years to remove the foot bones from the sandstone it was embedded in, DeSilva told NBC News.
“This is done grain by grain under the microscope,” they said.
More like apes or more like humans?
The bones have been dated to about 3.3 million years ago and identified as the same species as “Lucy”, the most famous example of an Australopithecus. The toddler bones date to about 200,000 years earlier than Lucy's, however.
DeSilva's analysis of the foot shows that baby Australopithecines had features that were similar to both modern humans and modern apes, they report in the journal Science Advances.
“This is a very humanlike foot,” they said. “What is curious is it still retains some apelike features. The toes are slightly curved and longer than a modern human's.”
To DeSilva, this suggests that juvenile Australopithecines clung to their parents much as baby apes do today, and probably could climb trees quickly.
Paleontologists who study Australopithecus argue about whether they were more like apes or more like modern humans.
“Our field has been divided into two camps, with one group saying Lucy and their kind … still climbed trees … and maybe that means they didn't walk as well as we do today,” DeSilva said.
“There is another group that says, ‘Look at these bones. They did walk as we do and these apelike features are just an echo of the past from when their ancestors were still in the trees.'”
That's because, in part, the bones of adult Australopithecus have a heavy heel, made for slamming into the ground, just like modern humans have.
But the baby foot doesn't have such a heavy heel.
A partial skeleton of a 3.32 million-year-old fossil of an Australopithecus afarensis child.Zeray Alemseged
“What this baby's foot allows us to do is introduce a third possibility,” DeSilva said.
“That is that the adults were very good walkers, but it is the kids that are climbing up into those trees,” they added.
That could be for play, just as modern children clamber all over the monkey bars while their parents stay on the ground.
“But you also don't see leopards roaming around playgrounds,” DeSilva pointed out. “Three million years ago, this environment was filled with predators.”
“If you were living in Africa 3 million years ago without fire, without structures and without any means of defense, you'd better be able to get up in a tree when the sun goes down.”
Also, having infants and toddlers that could hold on tight, without having to be carried, would make it much easier for the parents to move around. “Another thing they didn't have 3 million years ago was strollers,” DeSilva said.
Modern human babies are born with feet already made for walking, but Australopithecus could have developed strong walking feet in another way, DeSilva said — by using them that way.
“Bones are living tissues. They grow and respond and they change shape depending on what you do to them,” they said. “Even though humans and Lucy's kind as adults have chunky heels, we developed them in completely different ways. We would never have known that without this fossil.”
DeSilva, who has twins who were themselves toddlers when they started studying the fossil, says they feel a special attachment to it.
“This was a toddler who died and it's really hard to think about when you have your own toddlers,” they said. “And yet it is giving us this absolutely extraordinary amount of information about our past and about why we are the way we are today.”
Macy's plans to turn hundreds of its own employees into fashion influencers for its brand.
The program, called the Macy's Style Crew, started as a small group of Macy's staff. Now the company is asking for applications from current employees in its corporate offices and stores who want to be fashion influencers on social media this spring, Macy's executive vice president of fashion, Cassandra Jones, told BuzzFeed News.
"When you're looking at a fashion blogger — who I love — they're very limited in niche," Jones told BuzzFeed News. "What's cool about opening it up is we have people all over the country that have incredible style or unique style ... that can make them unique influencers in their community."
Macy's will offer "tiers and rewards" to influencers in the program as credit for online sales. But the payment tiers have not been confirmed, said Jones.
The company is prepared to roll out anywhere between a "few hundred to a couple thousand" influencers, they said. While Macy's is currently only taking internal applications for influencer positions, it plans to open the program to people outside of the company once it has finalized the program.
"It's game-changing as it moves along," said Jones.
Police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a burglary in Mansfield.
They have released a CCTV image and asked for anyone with information to get in touch.
A Nottinghamshire Police spokesperson said: “Recognise this man?
“We'd like to speak to them in connection with a burglary at Ruddington Court, Mansfield, on Friday, February 10.
“If you recognise them or think you can help, please call Nottinghamshire Police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, quoting incident number 000201 of February 10, 2017.”
Video posted to Twitter shows an NJ Transit train speeding down a track with a pair of doors wide open. NJ Transit says it immediately took the car out of service when it was made aware of the open doors. (Published 5 hours ago)
What to Know A NJ Transit train was cruising along when its doors burst wide open, video shows
NJ Transit said the car was immediately taken out of service and that it's investigating
Another set of NJ Transit train doors opened mid-ride last month too
Another set of doors suddenly opened mid-ride on a New Jersey Transit train, video shows.
The short video posted to Twitter on Friday shows the train rolling along with the two doors wide open as passengers stand just feet away.
"@NJTransit never good when that train door just randomly opens," commuter Scott tweeted.
The train was on the Northeast Corridor and on its way to Penn Station when the doors opened, according to NJ Transit.
NJ Transit Train Door Abruptly Opens During Ride
A door on a New Jersey Transit train opened abruptly just after pulling out of the tunnel from New York, blasting riders with the bitter cold air as the train traveled into New Jersey, according to a rider who recorded the train traveling with the door open. Michael George Reports (Published Saturday, Jan. 6, 2018)
The transit agency said the car was immediately taken out of service and that an investigation into the incident is ongoing.
No injuries were reported.
It's not the first time NJ Transit doors have suddenly flung open. A New Jersey-bound train was leaving Penn Station and on its way to Secaucus Junction last month when a pair of its doors opened, blasting riders with cold air.
"It just opened," Jeremy Barretto, who recorded the doors, told NBC 4 at the time.
"It was absolutely freezing. No conductor noticed it, and it was open from the exit of the tunnel," they said. "There was no alarm or anything when it happened."
NJ Transit replied immediately when Barretto tweeted the video, asking for more information so it could look into it.
The transit agency said it encourages customers to notify crew members and move away from doors that have opened mid-ride.
"There are times when it's so paked and you are squashed against the door, so...move away from the door? Come on," said Davidson.
Apple consultants are some of our favorite people because they share our desire to help everyday users solve problems and work more efficiently with their Macs and iOS devices. That's one of the reasons we like diving into technical topics in TidBITS — we know that consultants will be able to translate our knowledge into real-world solutions for their clients.
We've now come up with a new service to help consultants, resellers, and other businesses who need to communicate with Apple users. As a bonus, it will also expand our capacity to teach normal home and office users how to make better use of their Macs, iPhones, and iPads. We call it the TidBITS Content Network, or TCN for short.
We designed TCN to provide content that Apple pros can use to stay in touch with their clients. Consulting — and business in general — is often as much about maintaining relationships as it is about providing a service. But in today's hectic world, the best way to maintain contact is with practical, helpful information.
Each month, TCN provides professionally written, edited, and illustrated tips and articles that its members can use to update their blogs, create a vibrant social media presence, and power email newsletters that people will actually read. To be specific, TCN publishes four short tips and four 400- to 600-word articles each month, complete with featured image photos, carefully composed screenshots, and Facebook and Twitter teasers for each article. Everything we write for TCN is targeted to the everyday Apple user and focused on providing useful guidance.
The key to TCN is that it's syndicated content, so everyone who subscribes to TCN gets the same tips and articles. That works because almost no consultants have overlapping audiences. If a TCN member sends an email newsletter with one of our articles to their clients in Boise, there's little chance that people who work with another TCN-subscribing consultant in Tampa would ever see the same article. It's like the Doonesbury comic strip — it's the same in every newspaper, but few readers ever see it in multiple places.
Unlike Doonesbury, though, TCN members are welcome to modify the tips and articles however they wish to add a personal touch. Or, if they want, they can publish them unchanged as a guest post.
If you work in a field where you'd benefit from publishing Apple-specific tips and articles for your clients or customers, check out the TidBITS Content Network site, which has pricing details, sample content, frequently asked questions, and an introductory video. And if you're more on the user end of things but know any Apple consultants, resellers, or techs who could use TCN content, I'd appreciate you passing on the news. After all, if your consultant subscribes to TCN and publishes our content, you'll get to read it! Thanks!
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Special Counsel Robert Mueller's office has rebuffed two attempts by former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort to argue that evidence seized last summer by FBI agents from their home and nearby storage locker was unlawfully obtained.
In a filing late Monday night, Mueller's team rejected Manafort's claims that search warrants used to raid their home were “unconstitutionally overbroad,” arguing that evidence seized during both searches should, in fact, be permissible for use in an upcoming trial against Manafort.
In May, initial access to the storage locker was gained after an employee of Manafort's, who was listed as the occupant of the lease, willingly allowed investigators to enter the unit. Prosecutors obtained a warrant the next day.
Then in July, federal agents executed a search warrant and seized documents and records from Manafort's home during an early morning raid when they awoke a sleeping Manafort and their wife by knocking on their bedroom door.
Manafort was listed as one of the people allowed to access the unit, alongside former campaign-aide Rick Gates and the unnamed Manafort employee.
Gates pleaded guilty to two felony charges in February and admitted to helping Manafort syphon millions of dollars into overseas accounts. As part of their deal, Gates is now cooperating with the Mueller probe.
Among other pieces of evidence seized during the searches of Manafort's home and storage locker were digital materials from iPods and iPads, receipts, documents and several binders from a box labeled “Ukraine Binders”, according to the court filing.
Manafort's dealings with Ukraine and Ukrainian business associates have served as the basis for many of the charges leveled against him, including tax fraud, money laundering, failing to register as a foreign agent and conspiring against the United States. Prosecutors have alleged that Manafort was acting as a lobbyist for the government in Ukraine without registering to do such work.
Manafort is the most senior Trump campaign adviser to face charges from the special prosecutor, though none of the charges brought against Manafort have been linked directly to their time with the Trump campaign.
In court last week Manafort's team argued that charges related to their political dealings in Ukraine are beyond Mueller's mandate.
But federal prosecutors argued that Manafort's Ukrainian business ties fall within the special counsel's purview, as they could have used those ties as a “back-channel” to contacts in Russia.
Despite Gates' guilty plea, Manafort has maintained their innocence in the special counsel's probe, which includes cases in federal courts in DC as well as in Virginia, where Manafort faces another 18-count indictment.
Manafort remains under house arrest, wearing two ankle braclets, while their legal team continues to negotiate collateral on their $10 million dollar bail. The courts have rejected the use of several of Manafort's properties largely because some of the charges against them involve bank fraud related to a mortgage on one of their properties.
Manafort will next appear in federal court in Virginia on Friday, May 4.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
When 9-year-old Lexie saw their little brother headed for the family pool, they let out a life-saving scream. (Source: CTV Network/CNN)
DARTMOUTH, NOVA SCOTIA, CANADA (CTV/CNN) – A Canadian 9-year-old who has cerebral palsy is being hailed as a hero after they alerted their family that their toddler brother had fallen into the swimming pool.
Mother Kelly Jackson says they thank their 9-year-old daughter Lexie Comeau-Jackson every day for calling out when they realized their 1-year-old brother Leeland was in trouble.
While Jackson and their mother, Nancy Comeau-Drisdelle, were preparing for Lexie's birthday party, Leeland slipped out the back door when their grandmother turned around for a few seconds.
"The scary thing is they opened the door and closed it behind him, and they had never opened that patio door before,” Jackson said.
But Lexie, who has cerebral palsy and uses a wheelchair, was keeping an eye on the little boy, and with Leeland heading for the family's pool, they let out a life-saving scream.
The scream alerted their family that something was wrong because they say she'd never yelled like that before.
"She's yelling and pointing at the door, and I realize Leeland's not with her,” Comeau-Drisdelle said.
The grandmother confirmed with Lexie that their brother had gone outside then they took off after him.
“And I'm not seeing him. We had just refilled the pool. It was freezing cold. We had the tarp on top, and I ran... He's right by the edge, and I took them out,” Comeau-Drisdelle said.
Leeland coughed up some water and was later taken to the hospital as a precaution.
"I hugged her, I cried, and I still thank them every day because honestly, in that matter, two seconds makes a huge difference," Jackson said.
Lexie's actions were honored by the Halifax Regional Police and their local legislative member. They will also be recognized at city hall.
The 9-year-old's family says this is one birthday they'll never forget.
"You don't need to be able to walk and talk and have all your senses. You can still make yourself heard, and you can still help. And yes, they did save their lives,” Comeau-Drisdelle said.
Within two days of the incident, the family installed a fence and locked gate between the house and pool.
Copyright 2018 CTV Network, Kelly Jackson via CNN. All rights reserved.
Image copyright FTP Edelman Image caption De Vere House in Lavenham was used as the fictional birthplace of Harry Potter
The 14th Century cottage used as the fictional birthplace of Harry Potter is back on the market for almost £1m.
De Vere House in Lavenham, Suffolk, featured in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part One, as the house where the young wizard's parents were killed by Lord Voldemort.
It is the second time in five years the Grade I-listed six-bedroom period home has been put up for sale.
Estate agents Carter Jonas said it was a "historically significant" property.
Live stories from Suffolk
The house formed part of Godric's Hollow in the Harry Potter film.
It has an asking price of £995,000.
Image copyright FTP Edelman Image caption The Grade I-listed house boasts many period features including a massive timber frame and fireplaces
Image copyright FTP Edelman Image caption The listed asking price is £995,000
In the Harry Potter movie it was seen opposite a fictional graveyard with a Christmas tree in the window, with lights on and music emanating from the house.
It takes its name from the De Vere family, known to be the second richest family in the county, after the king, in medieval times.
The house is among about 340 listed buildings in Lavenham, which is considered to be the best preserved medieval village in England.
In 1651, the sister and youngest brother of Charles II and James II were held under house arrest inside the property.
Image copyright FTP Edelman Image caption Lavenham is famed as the best preserved medieval village in England with about 340 listed buildings
Image copyright FTP Edelman Image caption Before it became famed for featuring in the Harry Potter film, De Vere House had royal connections
And for a short period between 1649 and 1660, the young princes and princesses were placed under the custody of Mary de Vere, the wife of Lord Fairfax.
The house has retained its period features, including a massive timber frame, fireplaces, wall paintings and a rare stone spiral staircase with a carved brick handrail.
Carter Jonas said: "De Vere House proudly stands as one of Lavenham's most prized properties to this day.
"Residents can let their imagination run wild and relive their favourite Harry Potter scenes in real life Godric's Hollow."
iStock/Thinkstock(WAUKESHA, Wis.) — Since two teenage girls have now been sentenced to spend decades under institutional supervision for the 2014 stabbing of their classmate, the mother of their victim is sharing a message of hope for other families who may find themselves facing the aftermath of a terrible attack on someone they love.
Payton Leutner suffered 19 stab wounds after they were attacked by Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier with a knife and left for dead in the Waukesha, Wisconsin, woods in May 2014. All three girls were 12 years old at the time. Leutner, now 15 years old, was able to crawl to a nearby road where a passing bicyclist stopped to help them and they survived their life-threatening injuries.
Them mother, Stacie Leutner, remembers caring for their daughter in the hours and days after the attack. They have attended nearly every hearing at each step of the judicial process. For other families who may have children dealing with unspeakable tragedy, Stacie offered some support.
“I understand what you're going through may be the hardest thing you've ever experienced,” they wrote in an email to “20/20.” “You may be feeling confused, overwhelmed, lonely, or afraid. I felt many of those things over the last three and [a] half years and, at times, it felt like I would never find my way through.”
“But if you trust in your strength and believe in your resiliency you will get through this,” they went on to write. “It will take time and it will take patience in yourself but you will come out the other side stronger than before. Take time to breathe, take time to laugh. And most importantly be kind to yourself.”
When Stacie learned of the attack on their daughter and saw them for the first time, afterwards, they said Payton was “terrified” and “crying” in the hospital's trauma room.
“[Payton] saw me and they put their hand out and I rushed over to her,” Stacie told “20/20” in a 2014 interview. “I put my arms around them and I laid next to them and I hugged them And I said, ‘You're gonna be OK. It's gonna be fine.' But I could see that they were covered – their arms and their legs and their abdomen – they were covered in stab wounds.”
While Payton's wounds have since healed, in letters to the judge in Weier and Geyser's cases, Stacie and their husband Josef Leutner wrote that the physical and emotional scars left on their daughter are painful reminders of what happened to Payton that day.
Geyser, now 15, was sentenced Thursday to 40 years under a mental health institution's supervision. While they may periodically petition for release from the hospital in the future, they will be under institutional supervision for that time. Though they had pleaded guilty to first-degree attempted intentional homicide, a court then found them not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect.
In December, Weier, now 16, was sentenced to 25 years under a mental health institution's supervision, after a jury found them not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect after they had pleaded guilty to second-degree attempted intentional homicide, party to a crime. They also may periodically petition for release from the hospital after three years.
Now that the sentencing hearings for both Weier and Geyser are over, the Leutners are working to start a new chapter as a family.
“I think Payton, considering what happened to her, is doing marvelously,” Kevin Osborne, Waukesha County assistant district attorney and a prosecutor in Weier and Geyser's cases, said. “She's risen above it. She's doing well in school. They have friends. She's social. She's as happy as they can be.”
Osborne added, “It's to Payton's credit and their parents' credit that she's doing so well.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Post Holdings Inc. has finalized a deal to acquire Weetabix Food Co., maker of the iconic U.K. breakfast brand, in a deal that is expected to value Weetabix at more than £1.4 billion, ($1.76 billion) according to a person familiar with the matter.
It is the latest in a string of acquisitions by the U.S. cereal maker to help offset a slow-growth environment for many packaged foods.
Post POST, +0.87% beat out a number of other bidders including Associated British Foods ASBFY, +2.10% ABF, -0.04% and Italy's Barilla Group, and the deal, unless delayed, is expected to be announced this week, according to the person.
Post, whose cereal brands include Honey Bunches of Oats and Great Grains, is acquiring Weetabix from China's Bright Food Group Co., a Chinese food conglomerate operating across Asia Pacific, and minority shareholder Baring Private Equity Asia, a private-equity firm. Bright acquired 60% of Weetabix in 2012 from London-based buyout company Lion Capital LLP, in a deal that valued the U.K. cereal company at £1.2 billion, including debt. Baring has owned the remaining stake since 2015.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Popular on WSJ.com:
Behind United Airlines' fateful decision to call police
Georgia House race elicits huge sums, national interest and Trump tweet
It's Super Bowl weekend as the venerable New England Patriots take on the Philadelphia Eagles. It is a weekend of Super Bowl parties filled with snack food and family fun. Inside your weekend News find some last minutes recipes for your guests, along with a slate of fun facts about the Super Bowl. See pages 5B and 10B.
When newborn Dillon McGovern started refusing feeds at eight weeks old, their mum had no idea they had a serious heart defect.
Just six days later, the tot was rushed to Glasgow and had open-heart surgery, having been diagnosed with total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC), a rare condition which can be fatal.
Seven weeks on, their mum Ann Marie, 35, described the ordeal to the Tele as they looked back on the whirlwind week for the first time.
Ann Marie, who lives in Lochee, said: “Dillon was born on December 14 and there were no signs there was anything wrong.
“We found out later that they aren't feeding because they couldn't breathe properly through their nose and wasn't getting enough oxygen.
“It's not that they didn't want to feed — they couldn't.”
Dillon started refusing feeds in February, prompting the full-time support practitioner to take them to their GP, where they were initially diagnosed with acid reflux.
However, the youngster still wasn't taking their milk.
“We had them at the doctor four times before we were sent to Ninewells,” said Ann Marie.
“We had previously been giving them four or five 120ml feeds a day but he'd had just 30mls that week and was becoming dehydrated. It was so scary.
“The doctors assessed them and noticed they aren't breathing well.
“When they picked up the heart murmur we were sent to Glasgow by ambulance the next morning.”
Ann Marie and Dillon were taken to the Royal Hospital for Children and within hours, the tot was being prepared for open-heart surgery.
“The experts there looked them over for 45 minutes and when they realised the extent of the problem they said they had to operate that day,” Ann Marie said.
“Waiting for the operation to end was horrible. I couldn't bear not being there.”
Ann Marie said they had started to cry while waiting for news.
They added: “I was worried that Dillon might not survive.
“If the surgeon had come back and told me they had gone, I think that would have been my life over.
“I've not sat down and thought about it properly until now — I don't think it had hit me how close I could have been to losing him.”
Surgeons operated on Dillon into the small hours, and Ann Marie was able to see them early the next day.
Now weighing a healthy 15lbs 15oz, Dillon will be monitored as they grow up.
Ann Marie plans to take part in the Kiltwalk next year to raise funds for the hospital.
They added: “I can't put into words how amazing the staff were – the surgeon came to visit them twice, even though I know they didn't have to.
“Without a doubt, they saved my wee boy's life.”
A spokesperson for NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde said: “We are delighted that Dillon's mum is happy with the treatment and care their son received from our staff at the Royal Hospital for Children.
“Her comments and praise will be shared with the staff involved in Dillon's care.”
Condition can be fatal if untreated
Total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC) is a heart defect which develops before a child is born.
If untreated, the condition can lead to breathing problems and, if more serious, it can be fatal.
In TAPVC, the pulmonary veins running from the lungs to the heart are defective.
The veins normally provide oxygenated blood to the heart from the lungs.
However, in those with the condition, oxygenated blood travelling from the lungs back to the heart does not enter the correct chamber and may leak.
As a result, breathing can be affected soon after birth and babies can exhibit symptoms such as blue skin and lips.
In some cases, the pulmonary veins can also be blocked and narrowed.
If untreated, narrowed pulmonary veins can be fatal within a month of birth.
TAPVC is always treated with open-heart surgery, during which the affected veins are reconnected to the correct heart chamber so babies can breathe normally.
Children treated for the condition are given follow-up check-ups as they grow up as problems can redevelop when the heart grows.
According to the NHS, TAPVC affects around seven in every 100,000 babies — making it an uncommon type of congenital defect.
What causes TAPVC is largely unknown.
However, about 85% of all babies born with a heart defect of any kind go on to survive into adulthood and may have children themselves.
All heart surgery operations on youngsters in Scotland are carried out at the Royal Hospital for Children in Glasgow.
Celebrating National Arts and Humanities Month with Barrie Hype
MIAMI – Barrie Hype knows Miami is a mosaic of cultures manifested through art, music, food, and a unique experience which is what any visitor will find represented throughout Miami.
The “305” (one of Miami's many nicknames) has always been a leader in diversity due its strong population from so many ethnic backgrounds, most notably the Caribbean and Latin America.
There is a multiplicity of things to do, places to go, and memories waiting to be made in multicultural Miami so don't wait any longer to taste, touch, and indulge.
Miami has one of the most vibrant arts scenes that is rooted in deep history.
The Chairman of Living and key Miami Carnival champion St. Lucian Born Barrie Everette aka Barrie Hype recognizes the creative and cultural value of the arts and humanities.
“National Arts and Humanities Month offers us a chance to celebrate the often overlooked economic, educational, and civil engagement values that the arts impart in our daily lives.”
Barrie Hype Top 5 favorite cultural spots in Miami
1. Little Haiti-Chef Creole – for authentic Haitian Food
Chef and caterer Wilkinson Sejour's restaurant in the area, known for traditional Bahamian and Creole dishes. From oxtail, to seafood, to beans and rice, all food is served in a festive environment.
2. Art Africa Miami Arts Fair in December
ArtAfrica is an exhibition showcasing the work of visual artists from Miami's African Diaspora.
Established in 2011, ArtAfrica's inaugural exhibition in Overtown, Miami was the first of many exhibitions during the Art Basel Miami festivities.
3. Catch a show at the African Cultural Arts Center
With a mission statement to provide quality training in dance, drama, instrumental music, vocal music, media and visual arts, develop in-house performing art companies, support and assist emerging artist through their resident artist program, host quality performances and exhibitions, and promote and foster the rich and diverse cultural art perspective of people of African heritage, the African Heritage Cultural Arts Center is the nucleus of arts learning, training, and access for Miami-Dade County's African-American community.
4. Check out an art show at Kroma Gallery in the West Grove
As a premiere arts incubator and the latest initiative of the Collaborative Development Corporation in partnership with the Barlington Group, KROMA host exhibits showcasing the myriad of perspectives that are a result of the African diaspora and beyond.
KROMA looks to advance the knowledge and practice of the arts through education and programming, which will not only enrich the lives of the community, but further develop the careers of the resident artist.
5. Shop at Little Havana To Go Marketplace -1442 SW 8th St, Miami, FL 33135
Let local Jose Fernandez take you on a stroll down Calle Ocho. He's got it right when they say the neighborhood itself is a cultural museum, from its hand-rolled cigar shops to its open-air fruit markets.
Everywhere you go you'll be met with the scent of a fresh cortado, and a plate of rice and beans is bound to be steps away – whether you walk or salsa dance your way down the street.
International DJ Barrie Hype starts young
Barrie Hype is one of the few internationally recognized DJs/MCs from Saint Lucia. Music has been Barrie's inspiration and sanctuary from the tender age of seven.
As a teen, Barrie advanced in the DJ world through their knowledge and expertise in mixing dancehall and hip hop music. They recognized the absence of a genuine party MC in their hometown and seized the opportunity to progress creatively.
Later on, they would earn degrees from Full Sail University in Show Production, as well as Concert Touring, and Recording Arts, which launched Barrie Hype into the realm of touring as they were then recruited by legendary group, Third World.
After a couple years of experience on the road, it was time to embark on to new endeavors and Hype became a DJ, head of Radio Promo, and eventually A & R for Black Shadow Records (producers of The Buzz Riddim, known for Sean Paul's hit single, “Gimme the Light”).
Determined to gain more recognition within the Caribbean music industry, Hype began “paying their dues” in the soca arena by lending support to its biggest artistes as they toured worldwide.
From Bunji Garlin, to Rupee, Fay Ann Lyons, and Skinny Fabulous, Hype built their brand and reputation for providing timely assistance, whether in the form of their recognizable voice, entrepreneurial thinking, and/or DJ skills, which have been and continue to be heard on radio stations around the Caribbean and internationally.
Although Barrie now resides in Miami, they are extremely elated to represent their homeland and promotes our culture, heritage and music at various events.
Notably, they tour with Rupee as their DJ. They hope to branch off into other entrepreneurial ventures in the near future, taking a cue, they say, from their affiliates.
Bettman/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — When the existence of the Watergate tapes became public during the investigations into the 1970s scandal, one of the most memorable moments was the discovery of the infamous 18.5-minute gap and what some saw as President Richard Nixon's secretary's bizarre explanation for what caused it.
“The whole history of Watergate is a Marx Brothers routine,” said Jill Wine-Banks, an assistant Watergate special prosecutor. “You have a ridiculous break-in with so many errors that they got caught red-handed.”
“It is absurd — and yet, facts are facts.”
The prosecution was interested in tapes of a discussion between Nixon and their chief of staff, H.R. “Bob” Haldeman, that was captured by the president's secret White House recording system in the days immediately following the break-in at Democratic National Committee headquarters.
But those tapes contain a mysterious 18.5-minute gap — a patch of buzzes and clicks of missing audio — in the middle of a recording made June 20, 1972, three days after the break-in.
Rose Mary Woods, Nixon's loyal private secretary, was tasked with transcribing the tapes before they were turned over to prosecutors. Woods testified in front of a federal grand jury in 1974 that they were using a Dictaphone, a trademark for a brand of dictation recorders. The Dictaphone had a pedal that would pause the recording when they lifted their foot off it, and they claimed they had erased part of the tape by mistake.
Them explanation was that they were listening to the tape and the telephone rang, according to Wine-Banks.
“So they kept their foot on a pedal, pushed the wrong button,” they said. “She pushed ‘record' instead of ‘off' and reached for the phone.”
Woods testified that when they accidentally pushed “record” on the Dictaphone, it recorded over part of the original conversation. There's a famous photo of Woods re-creating the moment, in which Woods attempted to keep their foot on the Dictaphone pedal and reach for the phone on the other side of their desk at the same time. Some have jokingly referred to it as the “Rose Mary Stretch.”
“In the picture, you can see them holding on, white-knuckled, to the chair so that they can reach and she's reclining … to reach the phone,” Wine-Banks said. “She's almost at a 45-degree angle.”
During their testimony, Woods claimed they may have caused a 4- or 5-minute gap in the tape, but nothing more. A panel set up in the 1970s by federal Judge John Sirica, who presided over the Watergate criminal trials, concluded the erasures were done in at least five separate and contiguous segments.
The audio wasn't able to be recovered during the trials. Over the years, as new technology became available, efforts have been made to try to electronically recover the lost audio, but it remains a mystery.
After Woods left the federal government in 1976, they moved back to their home state of Ohio and lived as a private citizen, according to their obituary. They died in 2005 at age 87.
Watch the full story on ABC News' “Truth and Lies: Watergate” on Friday, June 16 at 9 p.m. ET.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
THE figure for overcrowding at University Hospital Limerick has reached the highest in the country this Wednesday – but has actually seen a slight decline in the past 24 hours.
The number of patients on trolleys today is 37, according to figures collated by the Irish Nurses and Midwives Organisation. This breaks down to 23 in A&E and a further 14 on trolleys in wards.
However, the total figure is slightly less than Tuesday's figure of 40 – which itself was a significant increase on Monday's total of 16.
UHL has the unwanted honour of being top of the INMO's trolley and ward watch list for the country this Wednesday, slightly ahead of Cork University Hospital, which has 33 on trolleys.
The overcrowding figure has been consistently high at UHL and the hospital is regularly the most overcrowded nationally.
27 beds that were opened between St John's Hospital, Ennis and Nenagh hospitals to alleviate overcrowding have now reverted back to their original use.
A state-of-the-art emergency department is expected to open this May, subject to a successful recruitment campaign and HSE funding.
It will be three times the size of the current facility, and is expected to improve the patient and staff experience at the hospital, a spokesperson for the UL Hospitals Group has said.
The dog days of summer are here, so shouldn't astronauts hurtling through space get to enjoy some Earthly delights? Today, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket will launch some experiments—and lots of ice cream—up to astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS). Honestly, the flavour selection is not too shabby.
Today's delivery of tasty treats should not be confused with The Cosmic Ray Energetics and Mass (CREAM) experiment—or ISS CREAM—an iteration of which will also be ferried up into Low Earth Orbit today. ISS CREAM is kind of like a balloon that measures cosmic rays in space, far above the interference of Earth's atmosphere. Its cute name might also have something to do with today's special delivery, of actual ice cream.
“There will be chocolate, vanilla and birthday cake flavoured ice cream heading to the International Space Station on today's launch, as well as ice cream candy bars,” Kathryn Hambleton, Public Affairs Officer at NASA Headquarters, told Gizmodo. “[The ice cream] is frozen. It will be going up in three freezers that will come back filled with research when Dragon returns.”
SpaceX's ice cream run—whose launch window opened at 16:31 GMT from Kennedy Space Center in Florida—includes roughly 2,900 kg of science experiments and supplies packed into a Dragon spacecraft. This includes 20 mice, which will be used to study the impacts of long duration spaceflight on biology. It's the rocket company's 12th contracted resupply run to the ISS, and between ice cream, mice, and an attempted re-landing of the Falcon 9 rocket's first stage booster, it should be one hell of a launch.
You can watch the ice cream delivery below:
More Watches these Posts:
Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve lip-syncing debacle was a tough-to-watch-but-appropriate way to end 2016, and the Indiana Pacers are already capitalizing on the blunder.
During the Pacers' game against the Magic on Sunday, fans at Bankers Life Fieldhouse were treated to a “Lip Sync Cam.”
The @Pacers and @SportsVanessa just did the Mariah Carey Lip Sync cam and our whole section is 😂😂😂 #PacersGameNight #MariahCarey pic.twitter.com/0pBg4DPYQZ — Jimmy Larrabee (@JBuzz715) January 2, 2017
And of course, fans were asked to give their worst (or best?) lip-syncing performance to “Emotions” by Carey.
That was some serious trolling — innovative trolling, really.
Pacers wrong, man. "Lip Sync Cam" to a Mariah Carey song……. pic.twitter.com/gDwrMrHt6k — Michael Grady (@Grady) January 2, 2017
Happy new year.
Many of the cash-advance firms — some of them founded by personal-injury lawyers — rely on other lawyers to send them financially unsophisticated clients who are waiting to collect on legal settlements.
It's not uncommon for the companies to woo lawyers with gifts baskets and invitations to lavish parties. In 2013, a former part-owner of one such company pleaded guilty in federal court to engaging in a kickback scheme with a brokerage firm that recruited litigants looking for cash advances ahead of their settlements.
Dawn Dearden, a spokesperson for the United States attorney's office in Manhattan, declined to comment.
The lawyers declined to name any of the parties that had received subpoenas. They said that the inquiry appeared to be in its early stages and that it was unclear whether any charges would ever be filed.
Hedge funds and private equity firms have poured money into the industry, lured by its fat profits. Some of the financing firms are allowing wealthy investors to get a piece of the action via online fund-raising platforms. The settlement-advance industry is an appealing area of inquiry for prosecutors in part because of its rapid growth.
The firms have moved beyond simple cash advances. Some now provide financing, at high interest rates, for surgery for plaintiffs who were injured in accidents and are suing to recover damages.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The industry contends that it is providing a crucial service, allowing customers to afford basic expenses and to hold out for potentially more attractive settlements instead of automatically accepting defendants' initial offers.
The industry argues that the advances are technically not loans — the money is paid back only if the plaintiff wins a settlement or a jury award — and therefore are exempt from state usury laws. Companies say they high interest rates are necessary to cover the certainty that some funds will never be repaid.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The better-known part of the litigation finance industry — providing money to bankroll long-running, complex commercial litigation — doesn't appear to be under scrutiny by prosecutors.
Selvyn Seidel, founder and chairperson of Fulbrook Capital Management, a firm that advises commercial litigation finance firms, said an investigation into some corners of the business was overdue. They said some cash-advance firms took advantage of unsuspecting consumers.
“The funders in this industry, some are very good and some are very bad,” Mr. Seidel said. “They have an audience that is vulnerable. They are poor and desperate, and that is a recipe for disaster.”
A handful of states has imposed ceilings on the interest rates on settlement advances. State legislators in New York have introduced similar legislation.
Last year, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the New York attorney general sued RD Legal, a New Jersey firm, claiming that it took advantage of former N.F.L. players who expected to receive money in the league's landmark concussion settlement. The authorities claimed that RD Legal had tricked the players “into costly advances on settlement payouts.” RD Legal is contesting the matter.
A representative for RD Legal said the company had not received a subpoena from the Manhattan prosecutors.
Representatives and lawyers for several funding firms said they were unaware of the inquiry.
Archives July (8) June (21) May (4) April (3) February (1) December (8) November (33) October (42) September (31) August (15) July (32) June (83) May (58) April (26) November (1) June (2) December (2) March (1) February (2) January (1) December (14) November (115) October (52) August (46) July (46) June (89) May (99) April (62) March (7) February (49) January (104) December (110) November (103) October (58) September (74) August (121) July (101) June (134) May (141) April (78) March (145) February (86) January (88) December (63) September (69) August (46) July (98) June (100) May (118) April (118) March (139) February (89) January (84) December (75) November (75) October (61) September (161) August (106) July (59) June (84) May (110) April (113) March (93) February (93) January (90) December (58) November (146) October (131) September (173) August (148) July (100) June (134) May (131) April (140) March (140) February (139) January (160) December (127) November (124) October (121) September (195) August (197) July (193) June (179) May (179) April (153) March (190) February (158) January (169) December (128) November (115) October (59) September (36) August (32) July (31) June (49) May (21) April (4)
The Department is expected to release more information Wednesday morning.
Original story below:
THIEF RIVER FALLS, Minn.—Police here are asking for the public's help tonight, in searching for a missing man.
Eighty-year-old Orvin Sund went missing about 11 a.m. Tuesday
Sund, who has dementia, was last seen about 4 p.m. on the outskirts of town.
People have been looking throughout the day.
Police tonight are asking everyone to check their property.
Lebanon police Sgt. P.J. Hardy said an unidentified person was shot with a shotgun at about 9:30 p.m. in the Walmart parking lot on South Cumberland Street.
According to witnesses, a dark color, four-door sedan, possibly a Nissan Altima, pulled behind a vehicle that was parked in the Walmart parking lot. Several statements were made, and a person in the sedan shot a shotgun into the back of the parked vehicle. The front seat passenger was hit by shotgun pellets in the back of their head. The suspect vehicle, which had two people in it, drove away.
Reports indicate the victim was taken by personal vehicle to Tennova Healthcare-Lebanon, where they remained with non-life threatening injuries.
Hardy said it was believed that all parties involved knew each other.
Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to call Lebanon police at 615-444-2323.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
Video
Ford UK boss Andy Barratt says more clarity is needed about the future of diesel cars to end the uncertainty for both consumers and the UK motor industry.
From Christina Cordova
CONCORD, N.C. (April 24, 2018) – After two rained-out attempts to race the quarter-mile high banks of Tri-State Speedway this season, the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series will return once again on Sunday, May 13th, immediately following the two-day #LetsRaceTwo at Eldora Speedway.
“We're determined to make this race happen for our fans and drivers,” said promotor Loris Helfrich. “We're excited to have the World of Outlaws here again this year, and to continue to make history with the Series on its 40th anniversary.”
The Series makes its annual stop at the Haubstadt, Indiana track on Sunday, May 13 — so bring Mom, or at least make their breakfast that morning! Tickets from the previously scheduled events on April 14 and 22 will be honored, and all details remain the same, except for an earlier start time. Pit gates open at 2PM, Grandstands at 2:30PM, Hot Laps at 5PM, and Qualifying at 5:30PM. For tickets call the track at 812-768-5995.
Last year, the stars aligned for Parker Price-Miller at Tri-State. Inheriting the lead on Lap 18 after Sheldon Haundenschild ran into a slower car in lap traffic, causing them to do a complete 360, Price-Miller had to endure challenges from 2016 Tri-State Speedway winner David Gravel. Meticulously working their way through lap traffic, Price-Miller picked the best lanes and would go on to win their first career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series race.
What to Know Up to 25 percent of known pregnancies end in miscarriage, according to federal data; often there is no precise cause
Stillbirths are far rarer; about 24,000 babies are stillborn in the U.S. each year (1 percent)
An Instagram account, "I Had a Miscarriage," has given grieving women a safe place to talk about an stigmatized tragedy, its creator says
A woman who was diagnosed with pre-eclampsia and a blood clotting condition and delivered a stillborn son -- then was blind for two weeks because of their health conditions -- has lifted the veil of their emotional devastation nearly a year after their devastating loss. They were warmed by the virtual embrace of strangers with similar life stories -- but they say it took them awhile to find them, and now Tessa Stephens wants to help illuminate the path for anyone in need.
Tessa Stephens, 26, was 30 weeks pregnant when soaring blood pressure sent them in for a battery of tests, according to "Today." They had a barrage of bloodwork done and went home, then experienced cramps and went back to the hospital: Them baby no longer had a heartbeat.
Stephens delivered a stillborn boy, Jude, on Aug. 11, 2016, according to "Today." After the trauma of that delivery, they had to cope with a litany of their own debilitating health problems: key organs were failing, their brain was swelling, they still had high blood pressure and couldn't see.
Two weeks later, Stephens' vision came back. Once they were well enough, they went home from the hospital -- and tried to cope with their grief by finding similar stories online. Eventually they found "I Had a Miscarriage" on Instagram; the account was started by a woman who had two third trimester miscarriages and wanted to share their story to help others, "Today" said.
“I found a lot of comfort in it. No one really likes to talk about miscarriage and stillbirth and here was a whole page talking about loss,” Stephens, who is from Michigan, told "Today."
The woman behind that Instagram account, Jessica Tucker, told "Today" they started the page as an outlet to process their own grief. They said the subject of miscarriage often comes with a sort of stigma, and many women feel too ashamed or guilty to talk about their own.
“Miscarriage is not a disease and pregnancy loss is not going away. It just feels all the more important to me that we address it and we become comfortable talking about something uncomfortable,” Tucker told "Today."
Stephens shared their struggle on the page recently, ahead of the year anniversary of their loss. They said sharing their pain and healing process was "empowering" and "makes me feel their memory will always live on."
Between 15 and 25 percent of known pregnancies end in miscarriage, according to federal data. Most occur within the first three months of pregnancy and most miscarriages are related to fetal genetic problems unrelated to the mother. But often miscarriages come without warning -- and with no identifiable cause. Because of that, many blame themselves, according to advocates and women who have endured them.
Stillbirths are far rarer, with about 24,000 babies born stillborn in the United States each year (1 percent), according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
For Stephens, they say I Had a Miscarriage on Instagram was finally a safe place to share them story.
“I didn't feel it would be scary or I would be judged,” Stephens told "Today." “The more you talk about it, the more healing it becomes.”
Tucker's page has nearly 18,000 followers and features emotional stories about personal pregnancy challenges and losses.
Good advice: Know your opponent before you step into the ring.
One Instagram user quickly learned that lesson when they left a snide comment on an anti-Trump post by a famous musician, calling them out for being just another clueless celeb jumping into politics without a real grasp on the issues. They quickly learned that their target, Rage Against the Machine guitarist Tom Morello, was far from clueless.
Morello posted a photo of themselves next to a guitar with the words “F–k Trump” scrawled across it. Instagram user davez67 commented, “Another succesful musician instantly becomes a political expert”
Morello made short work of this criticism with a biting reply.
“One does not have to be an honors grad in political science from Harvard University to recognize the unethical and inhumane nature of this administration but well, I happen to be an honors grad in political science from Harvard University so I can confirm that for you.” They later posted a screenshot of the exchange with the hashtag #HomeSchooling.
davez67 has since deactivated their account.
#HomeSchooling A post shared by Tom Morello (@tommorello) on Dec 11, 2017 at 12:39am PST
Morello graduated from Harvard in 1986, and from 1987 to 1988 worked in the office of California Democratic Senator Alan Cranston.
Morello formed Rage Against the Machine with frontman Zack de la Rocha in 1991, which became one of the most popular and influential rock bands of the 90s. They would go on to perform with other major acts Audioslave, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, and currently, Prophets of Rage.
To pay tribute to the late, great Tom Petty, who died at the age of 66 on Monday, John Daly joined Gavin DeGraw in singing I Won't Back Down at the Safeway Open Concert Series on Thursday night.
Daly and DeGraw seemed to have a lot of fun with it. The Safeway Open tweeted that they had the crowd up and cheering.
John Daly and @GavinDeGraw singing Petty hit "I Won't Back Down" after Rd.1 @SafewayOpen Not too bad either. pic.twitter.com/T2Y34sEvGv — Mike McAllister (@PGATOUR_mikemc) October 6, 2017
Daly enjoys singing and will sometimes even burst out into song on the golf course — beautiful.
(Thanks to The Big Lead for sharing.)
President Donald Trump welcomes South Korean President Moon Jae-in at the White House on June 30. Alex Wong / Getty Images file
Presidents before Moon, who took office in May, have traditionally made North Korea the core of their speeches, focusing mainly on policy to engage Pyongyang.
“The government, putting everything on the line, will block war by all means,” Moon said Tuesday, saying sanctions against North Korea are intended only to lead it to negotiations.
Related:
Trump Warns North Korea Leader ‘Will Not Get Away With What He's Doing'
Tensions have increased as North Korea has advanced toward being able to hit the mainland United States with a nuclear-armed missile. Its state media on Tuesday described in detail its plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam, but it also reported that leader Kim Jong-un would monitor U.S. conduct before giving orders for the test — appearing to signal a path to defuse the crisis.
“I call upon the North Korean government: Without international cooperation and co-existence economic development is impossible,” Moon said. “If you continue on this path, there will only be international isolation and a dark future.”
A Tennessee mother and their middle school–aged son are suing the child's private Christian school claiming officials did not protect the boy from repeated sexual assaults and harassment from older classmates.
In a civil lawsuit filed on Friday in Williamson County Circuit Court in Tennessee, a Nashville mother accused four eighth-grade students at Brentwood Academy of raping and sexually assaulting their son — a sixth grader at the time — during the 2014–2015 academic year.
The boy was allegedly sexually assaulted on five separate dates, including one time after a football game party when the eighth-grade boys allegedly placed their buttocks on the boy's face and their scrotums on or in their mouth, according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit alleges, that on a separate occasion, two of the boys guarded the doors in the locker room while another eighth-grader put their penis in the boy's mouth and buttocks.
The student reportedly bragged about the assault to the basketball team, claiming they "fucked that boy up the ass and stuck a Gatorade bottle in him," according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit, which names the prestigious Christian school and a number of its officials as defendants, alleges that when the boy reported the alleged assaults to the school, the principal told them they "needs to turn the other cheek," and that "everything in God's kingdom happens for a reason."
The students identified as the attackers were known bullies, according to the lawsuit. The boy who who allegedly carried out the rape had previously urinated and defecated in another student's shoe, the lawsuit states.
When the boy's mother learned about the alleged assaults, they went to a private Christian counselor, who shied away from reporting to authorities, telling the mother that "this is not how Christian institutions handle these things," according to the lawsuit.
The counseling center, Daystar Counseling, issued a statement saying the comments attributed to one of its counselors is not true. (The counselor named in the lawsuit does not work at the center anymore, according to the statement.)
The mother took their son to a pediatrician, according to the lawsuit, who then contacted the Department of Children Services.
When the mother ultimately met with school officials, the principal allegedly told them that the accusations are incidents of "boys being boys," adding that they could not "investigate each of those and run a school."
Brentwood Academy issued a statement saying that a number of the allegations in the lawsuit "are not factual, will be disputed, and our defense will be vigorous."
"Certain statements attributed to me are simply not true," principal Curtis Masters said in a statement.
In the statement, Masters said the school responded immediately and cooperated fully with authorities once they became aware of the allegations in 2015, and that all faculty and staff are trained on mandatory reporting. Read the full statement here.
Law enforcement did not immediately respond to BuzzFeed News' request for comment but the Brentwood police assistant chief told The Tennessean that there is an ongoing open investigation into the allegations.
The mother is now suing the school for $30 million claiming the school failed to stop the assaults even after having knowledge of the unsafe education environment. The boy now suffers from anxiety, stress, depression, and post-traumatic stress disorder, the lawsuit states.
The plaintiff's lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
It's hard to argue this week-long road trip with stops in Mexico City and Memphis hasn't been a good team-bonding experience for the Miami Heat.
On Sunday, the team's day off, a handul of players — including Justise Winslow, Kelly Olynyk, rookie Bam Adebayo and captains Udonis Haslem and Goran Dragic — joined coach Erik Spoelstra and the coaching staff in a tour of the National Civil Rights Museum in downtown Memphis. The tour included the Lorraine Hotel, where Dr. Martin Luther King was assassinated on April 4, 1968.
Spoelstra said that it “left a lasting impression” — on them and everybody involved.
“We thought about doing it last year and it didn't work out,” Spoelstra said. “It's a remarkable museum. It's only five blocks away from the hotel. It's a great perspective for the guys on the team of what a great man and what great people did in a different generation to really force change, the sacrifices that they made. What Martin Luther King did cost them their life. The climate right now is pretty flammable and you can see that you can still make change, but you can do it in a different way and everybody can have a responsibility to do something about it.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The Heat, in a show of unity and in protest of social injustice, has locked arms during the national anthem for every game since last season. Sunday's visit — and a team photo outside the Lorraine Hotel with players and coaches once again locking arms — only strengthened that bond, Adebayo said.
“We care about each other. Black, white, purple, green, we don't care — we judge each other by character,” Adebayo said of the photo the team took Sunday and the message that the Heat is trying to send when it locks arms before a game. “We love one another by our character. It's how we justify each other.”
It was the second time Winslow said they had visited the museum.
“It's important to me,” they said. “I try to be conscious of our society and our culture and everything going on around me. The biggest thing that kind of hit me [Sunday] is we are only about 50 years out of the Civil Rights movement and the Civil Rights Act of 1965. It's been a while, but at the same time in the grand scheme of things, it really hasn't been that long. Some good things have happened, but still strides need to be made. A lot of the history, I wouldn't say I'm proud of but just people taking a stand in what they believe is key in any culture, anywhere around the world. So I learned a lot [Sunday].”
Other Heat players such as Josh Richardson, who played at the University of Tennessee and has family in Memphis, and James Johnson, who played for the Grizzlies, decided to skip the visit because they've been there so many times before. Johnson instead went to get a haircut at Christyles barber shop. Johnson said that every time they get a haircut at the barber shop, they pay their respects to King Jr.
“The dream they had allowed us is the dream we're dreaming now,” Johnson said. “That's a big deal to us and should be a big deal. The guys who got to see it for the first time, they really appreciated it. Monuments like that, they give you the chills.”
Dion Waiters, who celebrated their 26th birthday Sunday, said they skipped the visit to the museum because it gets them too emotional.
“I'm a big fan of learning about the history and things like that, especially Dr. Martin Luther King. I think I've seen and read just about every book and seen just about every movie,” Waiters said. “Sometimes you don't want to go see it. Sometimes it's depressing for me. It's like emotional. I've been there several times. So you learn a lot about it, but man, it's just depressing some times.”
Bus ridership is down across the Bay Area, and officials say fed up riders are jumping back into their cars because too much traffic is making too many buses late.
From July to March, every local transit agency had a significant drop in bus ridership compared to the same period a year ago. Down 10.7 percent at the Valley Transportation Authority, 9.3 percent at the Golden Gate Bridge-Marin agency, 9 percent at San Francisco MUNI, 7.8 percent at SamTrans and 2.1 percent at AC Transit.
That's 15,924 fewer riders in just nine months.
“We're in a vicious cycle,” said Stuart Cohen, executive director at TransForm in Oakland, a transportation advocacy nonprofit, “where the more traffic, the slower the buses go, leading more people to abandon them, leading to more traffic, and so on.”
It's a worry nationwide as bus ridership fell 6.3 percent over the last year. Almost every major urban area across the U.S. with a population of 842,000 or larger lost transit riders.
Johnny Dee's AC Transit ride over the Bay Bridge into San Francisco now takes 15 minutes longer. Heavy traffic not only means a slower crawl across the bridge, they said, but increased congestion “adds to (slowdowns into) downtown San Francisco” for bus riders.
Hector Sanchez' trip on Bus 22 up El Camino Real is more stop-than-go from Santa Clara to Mountain View. It means an extra 20 minutes going up El Camino and back, five days a week. “It adds up,” they said.
The VTA says travel speeds have declined approximately 20 percent over the past 30 years. But the slowdown has been steeper in recent years, amounting to a decline of 1.5 percent annually since 2013.
That may not seem like much, but each one percent drop corresponds to an extra $3.2 million that the VTA must spend to maintain the same frequency of service — one bus every 12 to 15 minutes.
More buses must be added to routes to maintain that service, and the buses are either taken from other routes or added at an additional cost.
The line along El Camino is the most heavily used in Santa Clara County, carrying nearly 19,000 riders each weekday. But the average travel speed on Route 22 has declined 43 percent, from 15.7 mph in 1995 to 9 mph today during commute times. That's led to a 47 percent increase in operating costs.
“With the economic boom comes new problems, one of those is congestion,” said San Jose councilman and VTA board director Johnny Khamis. “The board understands that people need to get to places faster.”
Agencies are scrambling to speed up runs.
MUNI now allows passengers to enter from rear doors if they use an electronic payment system like Clipper. SamTrans revises its routes three times a year. AC Transit has opened a 9.5-mile bus-only transit lane in the East Bay along International Boulevard and East 14th Street. And driverless shuttles ferry riders from transit stops to the sprawling Bishop Ranch area in San Ramon and will be expanded throughout Contra Costa County, helping users avoid parking hassles and getting off a bus.
The VTA opened an express route on Alum Rock Avenue in San Jose more than a year ago and has another planned from the new Berryessa BART station along Santa Clara Street and Stevens Creek Boulevard to De Anza College in Cupertino. Allowing passengers to board in the street instead of curbside to speed up stops is also being considered.
But there are pushbacks. Cities are hesitant to give buses priority at lights along busy commuter routes on Lawrence and San Tomas expressways. And a radical plan to reserve a lane for buses only on El Camino was soundly trashed.
Plus, the Bay Area's soaring home and rental prices are driving out lower income folks, who are most likely to ride a bus.
“SamTrans has blamed their falling ridership in part to this trend,” said TransForm's Cohen, adding that “when you get free parking but have to pay for transit, you get high drive-alone rates. We need to turn that on its head, with free transit but market rate parking.
“People may complain, but would you rather be sitting in an hour of traffic on the way to work?”
Follow Gary at Twitter.com/mrroadshow, look for them at Facebook.com/mr.roadshow or contact them at mrroadshow@bayareanewsgroup.com.
Getty
Comedian Ralphie May has died at age 45.
According to TMZ, May died at a private residence in Las Vegas on Friday morning. The outlet states that they had been suffering from pneumonia for the past six weeks, and ultimately died of cardiac arrest.
News of May's death was confirmed by their reps on their Twitter page, who shared that the comedian's passing came just two days after winning the Casino Comedian of the Year award at the Global Gaming Expo.
May gained fame in the industry after placing second in the first season of Last Man Standing. They went on to appear in comedy shows like The Wayne Brady Show, The Tonight Show, and the Big Black Comedy Show. He's since recorded two Netflix specials: Unruly and Imperfectly Yours.
Read on to learn more about Ralphie May's family.
1. They Have Two Children with Estranged Wife Lahna Turner
In 2005, Mary married fellow comedian Lahna Turner. Together, the couple had two children: April June May and August James May.
In 2013, May and Turner started a podcast together called Perfect 10. Asked by Las Vegas Weekly in 2013 how the podcast was going, May said, “It's going great! We love doing it. It's fun, it's something different, it's something that my wife and I get to work on. And I think it's different than a lot of podcasts. We do a lot of crazy sh*t, and have a lot of fun and it's a real blast.”
In October 2015, Turner filed for divorce from May after ten years together, citing irreconcilable differences, according to an article by TMZ.. The divorce was not finalized at the time of May's death.
2. May Is the Youngest of Four Children
#tbt to hanging with @stevebyrnelive and @corynchad in San Diego. Fun fact: Steve Bryne carries an iPod of nothing but Oasis music on them at all times and demands it is played in every bar they walk into. This was just before getting them blacked out so we could change it to anything else. Hope you're well, pal. A post shared by Ralphie May (@therealralphiemay) on Jul 2, 2015 at 12:31pm PDT
In 2008, May reflected on their childhood with Arkansas Online. At the time, they were just shy of their 36th birthday, and said, “I had fun growing up in Arkansas. Now that I live in L.A., I dream of traffic being equivalent to a busy day around the malls.” May was the youngest of four children growing up in Clarksville.
3. They Credit Their Grandmother with Helping Take Care of Him
Season 1 winn…wait a second… Thanks, Millville and the lovely staff of Levoy Theatre for all the laughs and love. And especially for the win. Perfect stop to start it all over again. #unrulytour #netflix #newjersey A post shared by Ralphie May (@therealralphiemay) on Oct 16, 2015 at 8:56am PDT
May discussed their grandmother in a number of interviews before their death, and credited them with helping take care of them and their siblings as they were growing up. Speaking to the Arkansas Times in 2012, May said:
Thank goodness for my grandmother, they were a hell of a woman. They were really beneficial, they kept us in a stature way above our means and made sure we were taken care of as far as clean clothes and shoes
Their Facebook bio also references their grandmother. “When I was a kid, my grandmother taught me how to crochet and how to quilt, and that's kind of how I do an act. I have one-liners, I have dirty jokes, but I also have long stories that are 10 or 20 minutes long and the laughs come every eight seconds. It's a different set. And it's a different life than most people have led.”
4. They Said Their Mother and Father ‘Hated Each Other' in a 2012 Interview
In an interview with the Arkansas Times in 2012, May discussed growing up in Clarksville, shedding light on some of the hardships they faced.
They shared, “It was a hard life growing up. It was a similar story to a lot of people in Arkansas. My mom was a florist. I'm the youngest of four. My father and mother hated each other, and they took it out on us. She'd sue them for not paying child support, then they didn't pay, and that ended up costing us a lot…”
5. Their Wife Sought Sole Physical Custody of Their Children After Filing for Divorce
When May and Turner initially got divorced, Turner sought sole physical and joint legal custody.
Earlier this year, however, TMZ reported that Turner was refusing to let May see their children. They also reported that Ralphie was particularly upset because Turner “destroyed their Ketubah”, a Jewish marriage contract. “…Ralphie says they shattered the glass box that held theirs, then stabbed it repeatedly with scissors … right in front of them and their children. In the docs, they also say they ripped photos off the wall and cursed at him.”
In February, TMZ obtained documents from the divorce. In the court docs, Turner allegedly claimed May was “sexually abusive, suicidal, and so drug-addled they can't be alone with their kids.” They also claimed in the documents that May was physically abusive towards them
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's been seven years in the making, but now South Yorkshire's The Sherlocks are releasing their debut album - and they'll hear its first official chart position when they're at Reading Festival.
Frontman Kiaran Crook, their brother and drummer Brandon, lead guitarist Josh Davidson and their brother and bassist Andy played to huge crowds in the Festival Republic tent at their last two appearances.
Now, as fans listen to their album Live For The Moment for the first time and the indie band takes to the NME/BBC Radio 1 stage, this year's August Bank Holiday weekend could be their biggest so far.
But, whatever the future holds, The Sherlocks say they will never forget their first time at the festival when, as an unsigned band, they began to realise that they were building a following all over the country.
“In 2015 we played Leeds first and the tent was heaving with our fans from Yorkshire and the rest of the north, which was incredible” recalls Kiaran, 21.
“Then we went down to Reading and despite our 11.15am stage time and having only previously played a couple of small shows in Southampton and London, astonishingly, it was same there.
“We couldn't believe what we were seeing. It was a Sunday morning when most people are usually shattered, but thousands still came to watch our twenty-five minute set.
“Twelve months later the tent was rammed again. It was then that we realised that the north-south divide was over for us. People were getting behind our band wherever we played. We'll never forget
it, but who knows what it's going to be like this time in an even bigger tent.”
Having performed hundreds of gigs, including a sold out show at Sub 89 in Reading in February and supporting Kings of Leon at Sheffield Arena in June, The Sherlocks have earned their success through catching the eyes of DJs Steve Lamacq, Huw Stephens and Phil Taggart.
Their years of hard work, successes and setbacks are rooted in their first album, which was mainly produced by Gavin Monaghan, the Wolverhampton based producer who they repeatedly call “a genius”.
Fifteen songs were recorded over five weeks at Rockfield studios last winter, which Kiaran says was one of the group's happiest times. The twelve which made the album have also grown and evolved during their many live sets.
“This is an ambitious debut album. Every tune is different, but together it works” says Kiaran, whose musical heroes include Paul Weller and DMA'S.
“There's a big opening track, Will You Be There? (produced by Manic Street Preachers producer Dave Eringa) and our bouncing singles Escapade and Last Night.
“But we also have songs with harmonies, a harmonica and string arrangements like Candlelight and Turn The Clock. It's more than you may expect from a first album.
“The three of us are always experimenting with new guitar sounds and it's the same for Brandon on drums. I never stop writing and none of us are afraid to try new things.
“One evening at Rockfield we flipped an old song Motions on its head. What was a frantic three minute burst now has a strong country, rockabilly vibe and it's quickly become one of our favourites to play.”
As they stand on the verge of another leap forward, perhaps thanking their good fortune that two pairs of similarly aged musically talented brothers met in South Yorkshire seven years ago, Kiaran
modestly set out their hopes for the band's first compilation.
“We'd like people to come back to these songs time and time again and still notice something different, just like watching a great film you thought you knew everything about.”
The Sherlocks play The NME/BBC Radio 1 stage at Reading Festival on Sunday, August 27.
Live For The Moment is released on Friday, August 18 and can be pre-ordered now.
More at thesherlocksmusic.co.uk.
Live For The Moment - the debut album by The Sherlocks
Will You Be there? Live For The Moment Escapade Chasing Shadows Blue Nobody Knows Was It Really Worth It? Turn The Clock Last Night Heart Of Gold Motions Candlelight
For more information about this year's festival, visit our Reading Festival homepage.
If you over do it with the selfies and Snapchats, we know where to charge your phone and connect to wi-fi.
We've also got information about where you can get a cooked breakfast over the weekend and that's not all.
Thought about where to grab some cash? See the nearest cash points.
If you're worried about money and budgeting for the weekend, you can see how much a portion of chips will set you back, and then there's the all important loo information.
Listen to our new podcast below to find out who we'll be listening to at Reading Festival.
We'll be recording more podcasts in the build up to the festival, with what to do in Reading while you're here and other information about the weekend. Download it on iTunes here.
The Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Mr Kayode Fayemi has updated President Muhammadu Buhari on state of Ajaokuta Steel Company in Kogi and the Aluminium Smelting Company (ALSCON) in Ikot Abasi.
Nigeria's only aluminium smelting plant, ALSCON, was shut down in 2014 following crippling protests embarked upon by the company's staff against poor working conditions, dwindling productivity and spiralling debts.
The management of ALSCON, Russian aluminium giant, United Company RUSAL Plc, dismissed almost all local personnel of its workforce.
Fayemi told State House correspondents that the meeting with Buhari was to update them on the companies level of development towards bringing them back to life.
They revealed that a definitive solution to the sale of Aluminium Smelting Company was being canvassed through the efforts of Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo.
“The president asked for an update on Ajaokuta and the Aluminum Smelting Company in Ikot Abasi. I came to brief Mr. President on the development to ensure these companies are back to life.
“I told them about the efforts that Mr. Vice President was leading, on ensuring that we have a definitive solution to the sale of Aluminium Smelting Company in Ikot Abasi, and that we also move forward in the resolution and agreement reached on Ajaokuta Steel so that we get ready for the second concessioning.
“We have appointed an Adviser, we have appointed a new leadership there because the term of the last leadership has expired. Those were the things we updated Mr. President on.”
NEW YORK — U.S. authorities say a 19-year-old Canadian has pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIS-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City, including Times Square and city's the subway system.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian, identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, of Mississauga, Ont., has been in custody since the FBI arrested them in New Jersey in May 2016.
The arrests were first announced Friday following a court's unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men.
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon, a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan, and Russell Salic, 37, from the Philippines.
U.S. authorities allege that the three men communicated through Internet messaging applications, allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadhan in 2016.
They also allege that while in Canada, El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks.
The RCMP issued a statement saying it collaborated with the FBI in the investigation that led to El Bahnasaw's arrest.
The statement also says that at no time was the safety or security of the public at risk.
El Bahnasawy is scheduled to be sentenced on Dec. 12, 2017.
Image copyright Urdd Eisteddfod Image caption This year's Urdd Eisteddfod is being held at the Showground in Builth Wells.
A schoolboy who died in a road crash has won a posthumous award at this year's Urdd Eisteddfod.
Tristan Silver, 11, died following the collision on the A485 between Olmarch and Tregaron, Ceredigion, on 4 May.
Before their death the Ysgol y Dderi pupil entered a competition to create an app for youngsters with a classmate.
The pair's project was announced as the winning entry during a ceremony at the event, which is being held in Builth Wells this year.
The Urdd Eisteddfod is an annual Welsh-language youth festival of literature, music and performing arts.
An Urdd spokesperson said: "At the beginning of the month, we received the tragic news about the death of Tristan Silver.
"In May, the Eisteddfod's creative competitions were adjudicated and Tristan and their friend came first in the competition for year six pupils to create an app.
"Today on the Eisteddfod Maes, Tristan's family received the award on their behalf. They have said how proud they are of Tristan's achievement."
Image copyright Google Image caption Police were called to reports of people being attacked on Castle Stairs
A police officer was knocked unconscious while arresting two men accused of assaulting people.
Northumbria Police said the female officer was one of two responding to reports of men punching and kicking people in Newcastle.
They were treated at hospital for head injuries and later released. Four men came to the aid of the officers at about 03:20 BST on Monday.
Two men, aged 25 and 36, have been arrested over the incident.
'Brave men'
Northumbria Police said they received reports that two men had assaulted people on the Castle Stairs.
It said the officers were attacked near the Quayside and were helped by four Asian men.
A spokesperson appealed for the "brave" men to come forward as they did not give their details to officers.
They added that three detention officers and a custody nurse were later attacked at Forth Banks Police Station.
The two men have been arrested on suspicion of assaulting an officer in the execution of their duty and are being held in custody.
Image copyright Getty Images
The Conservative Party should "get its house in order", back Theresa May and "let them get back to governing", the party's leader in Scotland has said.
Ruth Davidson criticised Tory "plotters" who want the PM to resign, saying they should "put up, or shut up" and were not led by anyone "serious".
Former party chairperson Grant Shapps says about 30 Tory MPs back their call for the party to hold a leadership contest.
But the prime minister said they have the "full support of their cabinet".
Speaking on Friday, they insisted they were providing the "calm leadership" the country needed.
Pressure on the prime minister has grown since their party conference speech was plagued by a series of mishaps, as they struggled with a persistent cough and was interrupted by a prankster.
Mr Shapps, who was co-chair of the party between 2012 and 2015, said they believed it was "time we actually tackle this issue of leadership" adding that "so do many colleagues".
However, cabinet ministers including Environment Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Amber Rudd were among those who backed the PM on Friday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May: "Look, I've had a cold this week"
And speaking on Radio 4's Political Thinking podcast, Ms Davidson, leader of the Scottish Conservatives, suggested the prime minister's critics should "put up, shut up and get off the stage".
"I have to say, I've not got much time for them," they said of Mrs May's critics, saying there were "an awful lot of people in our party who need to settle down".
"I think if the plotters were serious, they would be led by someone a bit more serious," they said.
'Incredibly lucky'
"One of the irritants over the last couple of days, for me, particularly as a woman, is this idea that all of these men are supposed to be making decisions on Theresa May's behalf," they added.
"Well, have they actually met Theresa May? This is a woman with agency, with grit, with determination. I backed them in the leadership, I back them now and I will back them in the future."
Asked what they would say to them party, they added: "I would tell my party to get its house in order.
"Get together, knuckle down and make sure our first commitment, our last commitment and our only commitment is to the country we are incredibly lucky to serve."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Former Tory party chairperson Grant Shapps said Theresa May should face a leadership election
To trigger a vote of confidence in the party leader, 48 of the 316 Conservative MPs would need to write to the chairperson of the backbench 1922 committee.
A leadership contest would only be triggered if Mrs May lost that vote, or chose to quit.
Mr Shapps said no letter had been sent and that their intention had been to gather signatures privately and persuade Mrs May to stand down.
But they claimed party whips had taken the "extraordinary" step of making it public by naming them as the ringleader of a plot to oust the PM in a story in the Times.
They added: "The country needs leadership. It needs leadership at this time in particular.
"I think the conference and the lead-up through the summer has shown that that's not going to happen. I think it's time that we have a leadership election now, or at least let's set out that timetable."
Former minister Ed Vaizey was the first MP to publicly suggest Mrs May should quit on Thursday, telling the BBC: "I think there will be quite a few people who will now be pretty firmly of the view that they should resign."
The Capitol's annual budget ritual is entering its final phase this week with an historic twist.
It will be the 16th and last budget for the state's longest serving governor, Jerry Brown, writing the final chapter of their fiscal record. And it won't be easy, even though California is, as they said this month, “nearing the longest economic recovery in modern history.”
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
Ironically, it's that prosperity, including record-low unemployment and multi-billion-dollar windfalls of state tax revenue, that makes writing Brown's final budget politically difficult.
Brown sees an $8 billion jump in projected revenues from their initial 2018-19 budget in January, and wants to sock most of it away in reserves to cushion the impact of the inevitable economic downturn.
Quoting pioneer physicist Isaac Newton as they released their revised budget on May 11, Brown told reporters, “What goes up must come down. This is time to save, not to make pricey promises we can't keep. I said it before and I'll say it again: Let's not blow it now.”
The problem is that while Brown wants to save most of the latest windfall, their fellow Democrats in the Legislature yearn to spend.
As a two-house “conference committee” resolves minor issues prior to the June 15 enactment deadline, Brown and legislative leaders will negotiate the biggies, and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon and Senate President Pro Tem Toni Atkins have wish lists totaling at least several billion more dollars.
“As we finalize the budget, the Assembly will prioritize investments that expand access and improve affordability in our health care system, and that help cities and counties address the growing homelessness crisis,” Rendon responded to Brown's revision.
“The budget also must address the needs of CSU and UC students, faculty, and staff. They have made the case for funding to stabilize tuition rates, address rising costs, and enroll more California students. We have heard them.”
Atkins struck a similar note, saying, “We have the rare opportunity to revitalize long-neglected programs for those who need them most, while ensuring that California is financially prepared to weather future economic downturns.”
Chris Hoene, executive director of the left-leaning California Budget Project, captured the Legislature's desires this way:
“With so many California households struggling to afford the basics, the revised budget's lack of significant new funding for affordable housing or for subsidized child care and preschool is disappointing. In addition to prioritizing these areas in the final budget, state policymakers also should look to boost CalWORKs (welfare) grants, which have been below the deep-poverty threshold for a decade, increase support for CSU and UC, increase cash assistance for low-income seniors and people living with disabilities, and expand health coverage to undocumented immigrants.”
And how would Democrats spend billions more without, they insist, interfering with Brown's desire to save more?
They're leaning on their budget analyst, Mac Taylor, who says the state could have $3.5 billion more in its kitty than Brown projects, thanks to higher projected revenues from continued economic expansion and lower mandatory spending on schools due to enrollment decreases.
If past patterns are any guide, Brown will give a little on spending to help legislators save face with their constituencies that want more money – especially if they can buy them off with some one-time appropriations.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
That time Steve Jobs didn't even own a phone An employment application filled out in 1973 by the future Apple guru just sold for $174,757 through Boston-based RR Auction.
France to sue Apple and Google for abusive practices French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire says they will take legal action against Google and Apple for abusive business practices, a move that could result in fines of “several million...
Apple and Google's corporate reputations have plunged Apple and Alphabet's Google corporate brands dropped in an annual survey while Amazon maintained the top spot for the third consecutive year, and electric carmaker Tesla rocketed higher after sending...
Apple inks deal to buy the 'Netflix of magazines' Apple has inked a deal to buy Texture, the app that has been dubbed the “Netflix of magazines.” In December, The Post reported that Texture, formerly known as Next Issue...
Apple is working on a crumb-resistant keyboard Calling all MacBook owners: Break out the cookies, it's time to celebrate. Apple is working on the single greatest invention in its glorious history: a keyboard that keeps crumbs at...
Apple finds spike in 'serious' labor violations at its suppliers Apple said on Wednesday it had found a higher number of serious violations of its labor and environmental policies for suppliers, such as falsifying work hours data, as it expanded...
Apple may release a cheaper MacBook Air The next MacBook Air may come with a feature no Apple laptop has ever had before: an affordable price tag. The Cupertino, Calif.-based tech giant is planning on releasing a...
Apple back on track to become first $1 trillion company Apple got its groove back. The iPhone maker is poised to overcome recent disappointing sales of its smartphone and will once again post strong sales gains — putting it on...
Police Scotland have named the man and woman killed on the Montrose to Laurencekirk Road on Saturday night.
The victims are Scott Mowatt (31) and Paisley Bates (27), both from Arbroath.
A police statement said: “Both families are understandably upset by their sudden loss.”
A second male was left seriously injured in the late-night crash on the A937 close to Marykirk Bridge.
The car the three were travelling in was the only vehicle involved in the crash at 11.20pm.
The car is thought to have struck a stone wall close to a sharp bend in the road.
A spokesperson for Scottish Fire and Rescue said: “Four units, two from Montrose and one each from Laurencekirk and Brechin attended the incident.
“Fire-fighters removed the injured man from the car and remained at the scene for some time after.”
The road remained closed for much of yesterday as police carried out an investigation of the scene.
The police statement added: “Enquiries into the full set of circumstances of the incident are ongoing and Tayside Division would appeal for anyone who may have information that could assist officers with their enquiries to contact Tayside Division on 101 (incident number 5027 of 12th August).”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Traffic alert: Overturned truck blocks US 220 exit ramp at Wonju Street
| By
An overturned truck is creating traffic problems today on US 220 at the Wonju Street exit. The truck flipped onto its side on the northbound exit ramp, and Roanoke emergency officials say the ramp is closed for an extended period. The driver was taken for hospital treatment, but the extent of their injuries were not immediately available.
Citi Bike expansion will see growing pains Citi Bike is expanding next week, but users will feel the growing pains with the company's resources stretched thinner than ever. Motivate, the operator of the popular bike-sharing program, has...
Illegal bike hustlers harass tourists, threaten legal vendor employees It's chaos at Columbus Circle, as brazen, brawling bike hawkers harass tourists, curse passersby and threaten employees of the sole legal bike vendor in Central Park. The hustlers, who camp...
Ditch your lame Citi Bike and hit these new bike parks instead At least a tree won't make a surprise left turn into the bike lane. This is the comforting thought racing through my head as I look down on the imposing...
Citi Bike to open new stations beginning in August The Upper West Side will get far fewer Citi Bike stations than originally proposed, officials said on Friday as they announced the finalized expansion plans. The bike share had originally...
Bike rental firm that won Governors Is. contract gets cheaper deal A bicycle company scored exclusive rental rights on Governors Island after it clobbered the competition with an inflated bid — and then was able to whittle down its contract for...
Central Park's brawling bike vendors Warning: Graphic language. Rogue bike vendors continue to menace Columbus Circle — and a series of disturbing new videos has captured them brawling, battling and even assaulting cops. Months after...
Bill could allow riders to pay for bike shares with pre-tax dollars Taxpayers may soon be picking up part of the tab for bike-share programs here and around the country. Rep. Joe Crowley (D-Queens) announced Monday they plan to introduce a bill...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Creative director Alessandro Michele has made Gucci's clothes quirkier
Surging demand for Gucci clothes and handbags boosted sales at parent company Kering in the first three months of the year.
It follows a major revamp at Gucci - Kering's biggest brand - under creative director Alessandro Michele.
Kering, which owns other marques like Yves Saint Laurent (YSL), also benefited from a recovery in spending by wealthy Chinese shoppers.
Sales at the French group jumped 27% to €3.1bn (£2.7bn) in the quarter.
Gucci's revenue rocketed 37%, while YSL was up 12%.
Alessandro Michele replaced Frida Giannini as creative director at Gucci in 2015, after several years of falling sales at the Italian label.
They introduced more quirky, gender-neutral designs aimed at younger consumers and revamped Gucci's stores. The 97-year-old label has since returned to growth.
The Kering division that includes Balenciaga and Alexander McQueen also saw double-digit expansion in the quarter.
However, analysts warned the European luxury sector was still grappling with headwinds, including a strong euro - which impacts profit made abroad when they are converted back into the currency.
They also fear brewing US-China trade tensions could risk dampening the resurgent Chinese demand.
François-Henri Pinault, Kering's chairperson and chief executive, said: "We face... a tough currency environment, but we are confident in the ability of our houses to continue doing better than their peers."
How do you like your eggs in a morning?
It turns out I like mine brought to my bedside on a breakfast tray, after an early swim, but before a morning of enjoying steam rooms, saunas and incredible relaxation.
The new rooftop infinity pool at Ragdale
Welcome to Ragdale Hall - the most beautiful, contemporary and luxurious spa in the country .
It's just over an hour's drive from Sheffield, in the rural village of Ragdale close to Melton Mowbray, but truly feels like a world away from the daily grind.
Stepping through the doors of the stunning, sprawling red brick country house means an immediate end to all those irritants - the constant emails, the chores, the worries.
The dress code of choice is a white towelling robe, and that includes to dinner. Everything is taken care of for you, starting with a valet parking the car, right up to breakfast in bed on your departing morning. This is a place you will never want to leave.
There are a wealth of treatments available at Ragdale
But let's rewind a little.
Our visit was focused around the spa's newest attraction, an infinity pool and its sixth pool, built above the entrance, not that you'd know it was there from below.
And what an pool it is.
A seamless stretch of cool blue water lies before swimmers as they enter the stainless steel facility through a glass fronted lounge room complete with cocoon hanging chairs.
The new rooftop infinity pool at Ragdale
Once inside the - delightfully warm - pool, you can choose to chill by the edge with a stunning view of rolling green fields laid out before you, or to lie back on a recliner and let go of everything with an underwater massage jet.
We alternated between both, feeling the contrast between the 35 degree water and cooler air on our bodies, as steam rose around us, for quite some time.
The infinity pool is reason enough to visit Ragdale, but there's plenty more as well.
Daily exercise classes from yoga to more active sessions, talks and outside activities are laid on - there's a room dedicated just to silent reflection on a multitude of beds and sofas - plus shops, cafes and endless spaces to read, play games or talk in.
Steam away the day at the Colour Flow Cave
That's before you even get to its raisin d'etre, the award winning spa treatments and thermal spa.
After a second dip in the pretty outdoor pool, where cascading waterfalls beat the knots from our shoulders and backs, we chose to while away the hour before our treatment in the very English garden adjacent to it with a glass of fizz and a game of Scrabble.
There's a large central point to the treatment spa where therapists wait for their eager clients, and we were taken separately to rooms from there.
Our inclusive treatments of 'blissful face and back therapy' included a slow, rigorous massage, working over the back, shoulders and arms until the tension just melted away.
They finished with a facial using luxury products which left both of us revitalised and positively glowing over the dinner table. The list of spa treatments is impressive too - from aromatherapy to flotation and foot treatment.
Ragdale started life as a traditional health spa, and at dinner you can be as 'good' as you like, as dishes are coded to show which are the most guilt free.
Ragdale Hall is a picture perfect English country house with rolling grounds
It's a great concept...
We chose to treat ourselves with a glass of red wine and three courses that fell into the middle rating. All were presented beautifully, from the perfectly pink lamb to the chocolate dessert and miniature cheese board. Coffee is served in the Verandah Bar while the sun set over the garden.
As you'd expect, sleep is easy after a hard day's work relaxing that ends in a gigantic bed and tastefully decorated room.
The bikini was back on first thing for that appetite-stimulating swim - followed by a full breakfast tray back in the room. Another example of Ragdale's efficiency, this works as overnight visitors are handed breakfast forms when they arrive. You choose dishes from several categories, from smoked salmon with rye bread to fresh fruits, and they arrive as if by magic.
Our last few hours away from normality were approaching, and I spent them dipping in and out of the heat treatments in the thermal spa.
Each takes inspiration from treatments around the globe, particularly Japanese traditions. Two of the highlights were the Candle Pool, a silent underwater cavern lit by flickering candles and gentle music. It's a magical place for some deep thinking.
Next door, the Colour Flow Cave has more of a tropical feel. The scents of chanomile, intoxicating jasmine and sage are steamed into the room, decorated with gorgeous mosaics and a central crystal mountain.
After steaming away any stiffness, you can cool down with crushed ice, before heading into another room to start all over again. 'Just another minute here' will quickly become the constant refrain...
Loathe to leave, we dragged out our stay as long as possible with a game of pitch and putt after checking out on the lawns
There really isn't anything you cannot do there - with croquet, bikes to ride and bowls also on offer. We hadn't even had time to visit the exercise studio or all the pools.
And so we wished goodbye to Ragdale, making another wish that one day, we would be back.
Ragdale Hall, Ragdale Village, Melton Mowbray LE14 3PB
01664 434831, www.ragdalehall.co.uk.
A wide variety of overnight breaks are available, including the new Escape the World Cup Two-Night Break, from £350 per person: Click here
It includes one 40-minute treatment and is available until July 15. Includes all meals and full use of Ragdale's facilities.
States from Louisiana to Florida braced Friday for Tropical Storm Nate, forecast to pound the Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane.
The National Hurricane Center on Friday upgraded the tropical storm warning for New Orleans to a hurricane warning. It extends from New Orleans to Lake Pontchartrain and Grand Island, Louisiana, eastward to the Alabama-Florida border.
The storm is expected to make landfall around midnight Saturday east of New Orleans, which was devastated 12 years ago by Hurricane Katrina. It would be the third hurricane, after Harvey and Irma, to hit the US mainland in six weeks.
A storm surge warning was put in place from Morgan City to the western part of the Florida Panhandle, as well as along the northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain.
“Residents in these areas should heed any evacuation instructions given by local officials,” the hurricane center said.
Nate killed at least 24 people as it passed Thursday over Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras, where it caused widespread flash flooding and mudslides, officials said.
Over the warm waters of the northwestern Caribbean Sea, Nate was forecast to gain strength as it approaches the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico later Friday and become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf Coast, the hurricane center said.
Nate packed maximum sustained winds of 65 mph Friday evening and was moving north-northwest at 22 mph, the hurricane center said. It was about 90 miles northeast of Cozumel, a Mexican island near the Yucatan Peninsula.
New Orleans gearing up
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu ordered a mandatory evacuation of the Venetian Isles, Lake Catherine and Irish Bayou areas of the city after having already declared a state of emergency Thursday.
“We remain focused on vulnerabilities in Venetian Isles, Lake Catherine and Irish Bayou because these areas are outside of the levee system, and because one of the greatest threats to this storm is not necessarily interior rain, but storm surge. It is a serious concern to us,” Landrieu said Friday. “The projections are that we could see six to nine feet of surge.”
They said residents must evacuate by 12 p.m. (1 p.m. ET) Saturday, when the nearby flood gates will be closed. The New Orleans Fire Department and Neighborhood Engagement Office will be conducting outreach through Saturday to coordinate the evacuation effort, they added.
With the majority of the storm's impact and storm surge expected to occur overnight, Landrieu also announced a mandatory curfew will take effect Saturday at 6 p.m. and end Sunday morning. In preparation for overnight flooding, they said the city's police department will put up barricades and close underpasses once the curfew is in effect.
“If we all stay informed, if we all stay alert, if we all stay prepared, ultimately, we will all be safe, which is our No. 1 priority,” Landrieu said.
Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency for all of Louisiana. The storm will “make landfall in the close vicinity of New Orleans,” the proclamation noted, adding that six parishes have declared emergencies and others would do so soon.
New Orleans, much of which lies below sea level, was gearing up for a hit, and Landrieu urged people who live “outside the city's levee protection system or in low-lying area” to seek higher ground.
Residents have been wary since the city's unique drainage system experienced critical deficiencies during heavy summer rainstorms, leading to the flooding of several hundred properties.
Of the city's 120 main drainage pumps, three major and nine smaller ones were offline Thursday night, city records show. Also, all 24 major pump stations had backup generators, records show, as only three of five turbines that help power the city's oldest, most powerful pumps were available for service, a city water utility spokesperson told CNN.
“Residents who live inside the levee system should prepare to take shelter with essential supplies including food, water and medications,” the mayor said Thursday.
Edwards authorized 1,300 National Guard troops to mobilize ahead of the storm, with some headed to New Orleans to help monitor the pumps, they said.
Storm to move through quickly
Nate would be the first hurricane to hit Louisiana since Hurricane Isaac in 2012 as a Category 1 storm.
“It will still be fairly strong when it makes landfall, but it will be a quicker moving storm than the last few we have had,” CNN meteorologist Haley Brink said. “It's supposed to be in and out pretty quickly.”
Track Tropical Storm Nate
The storm could drop 3 to 6 inches of rain, with 10 inches possible in some areas, from the central Gulf Coast north through Tennessee and the southern Appalachians through the weekend, possibly spawning flash floods, the hurricane center said.
The last hurricane to hit the Louisiana-Mississippi-Alabama region in October was Hurricane Lili in 2002. The last time three hurricanes hit the mainland in the same year was 2008, when Dolly, Gustav and Ike came through.
Gulf Coast states prepare
Hurricane, tropical storm and storm surge watches were issued late Friday from Florida's border with Alabama east as far as Indian Pass, the hurricane center said. The tropical storm watch was later expanded to include most of Central Alabama and several counties in northwest Georgia, according to local National Weather Service offices.
With parts of Florida still reeling from Hurricane Irma, Gov. Rick Scott has declared a state of emergency for 29 counties.
“Based on the latest forecast from the National Hurricane Center, (Tropical Storm Nate) will continue in the Gulf of Mexico and we expect it to become a hurricane and bring severe weather to the Florida panhandle this weekend,” Scott said Friday. “To be clear, Florida is now in the cone.”
They told residents to anticipate evacuation zones, warning that bridges will close once wind speeds get to 30-40 miles per hour and people won't be able to evacuate.
RELATED: Finding a contractor will be tough for Harvey and Irma victims
“In Florida, we know to prepare for the worst while hoping for the best, but we don't take any chances,” Scott said, urging people to get their medications and have three days of food and water. “Please stock up on supplies today, the storm is … fast-moving.”
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant said in a news conference the state was well-prepared for Nate.
Bryant said they had signed an emergency order for a state of emergency in six southern counties.
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency director Lee Smithson said residents should “ride out the storm in the safest place possible” and listen to any evacuation orders.
“We can see a storm surge of up to 10 feet, tornadoes, inland flooding and flooding of low-lying areas. This storm will impact the entire Mississippi Gulf Coast,” they said.
Smithson said people needed to prepare for winds of 80 mph, “widespread power outages and be prepared to be on your own for 72 hours with no electricity, no running water, no stores open for food.”
In Alabama, a statewide emergency declaration signed by Gov. Kay Ivey went into effect Friday morning. The move “frees up personnel and resources in case there is a need to respond to any storm related activity.”
Mayor Sandy Stimpson of Mobile, Alabama, warned residents Friday about storm surge.
“We encourage citizens in low-lying areas to pay special attention to newscasts,” they said at a news conference. “There is a projected 4- to 7-(foot) storm surge. It will happen to coincide with high tide, which will give you additional water levels.”
Mobile officials were checking storm drains for debris, taking measures to avert power outages and deploying critical equipment. Shelters were prepared to open, if necessary, Stimpson said.
“Don't wait 'til Saturday after dark to decide what you have to do in case things with the storm change,” they said.
Deadly storm slams Central America
Of the 24 dead in Nate's passage through Central America, 12 died in Nicaragua, 10 in Costa Rica and two in Honduras, officials said. Several people also were reported missing after the storm hit.
Hundreds were rescued from floodwaters, and many lost power and running water in Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica, officials said.
The main threat for Central America was heavy rainfall, which triggered life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides.
Costa Rica President Luis Guillermo Solis declared a national state of emergency to assist those affected by the storm.
Rain was expected through Friday night in parts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Belize, forecasters said.
IPhone X's Face ID might not be as secure as you think Everyone is still coming to grips with the implications of iPhone X users having to rely on their face to unlock the device once Apple's new top-of-the-line model starts shipping...
Get ready to say goodbye to your PIN forever You'll soon be withdrawing cash and making payments using your thumbprint, voice, retina and even heartbeat, Visa has claimed. The credit card giant is currently working with the rest of...
Lawmakers to probe 'Mission: Impossible' biometric scans of students Florida lawmakers on Tuesday will begin tackling questions of privacy that arise when technology catches up with science fiction. Florida is considering legislation to sharply regulate the use of fingerprint,...
A German man living in Australia with their partner was detained and deported by a border agent after the agent found PrEP and sex toys in the man's luggage.
The man, who is required to leave the country and return in order to renew their tourist visa, was returning from a trip to Japan when the incident took place.
The Sydney Star Observer reports:
“It was upon re-entering Australia that they were intercepted by Border Force. They detained them for 24 hours and have put them on a plane since then,” the man's partner told Star Observer.
Their partner said Australian Border Force (ABF) refused to reveal where the man was being held, obstructed access to legal counsel, confiscated their phone and controlled their communications.
Their partner understands, based on two conversations they were allowed to have with the man, that they were detained at the airport because of the PrEP and sex toys in their bag.
“ABF has not provided us any official statements,” they said.
Added the man's partner: “Any time we've made an enquiry they've shut us down in the name of the Privacy Act. My understanding is they were intercepted at Cairns. We suspect that there may have been some level of profiling about them being visibly gay. We believe they discovered their PrEP and sex toys in their luggage, and that exacerbated the profile they'd formed. At that point they confiscated their phone and took them into detention. They allege that they had violated the terms of their agreement, with the expectation that they were entering to do sex work…The few times I spoke to them they sounded scared, they sounded very isolated. They were very worried about being subject to further punitive legal actions… they were afraid they would never be able to re-enter the country if they didn't comply and do things like hand over their phone. At no point was they advised they were entitled to legal representation… before a decision was made.”
Human Rights Advocate Susan Smith told the paper that they believe the man's rights have been violated: “ABF officers are incredibly racist and incredibly homophobic. They routinely make homophobic remarks to their charges. There's a real culture of thuggery.Without question it was a homophobic ABF officer who pulled them over to open up their suitcase, and then upon finding the sex toys and the PrEP, they've decided to detain them and seize their phone.”
The couple, who have been together for nearly a year, will now miss spending the holidays together.
RICHMOND, Va. — Otis Livingston II scored 22 points and made four straight free throws in the last 7.7 seconds as George Mason held off Richmond 79-75 on Saturday in an upset that knocked the Spiders out of a tie for second place in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
George Mason (10-13, 4-6) held a 10-point lead with 2:33 remaining. Richmond's Nick Sherod made two free throws with 1:11 left to top their previous career-high of 28 and pull the Spiders within 75-71. After George Mason first-year student Goanar Mar was called for a double dribble, Richmond missed a 3-pointer and had a putback blocked but Jacob Gilyard stole it and Sherod got Richmond within 75-73 with an inside basket at 36.6.
George Mason's Justin Kier missed the front end of a 1-and-1 with 25.9 seconds left but Sherod was short on an open 3-pointer from the wing.
Sherod finished with 32 points and 11 rebounds, Grant Golden pitched in 10 points with 10 rebounds and Gilyard scored 11 for Richmond (8-14, 6-4). The Spiders lost ground to Davidson (12-9, 7-3), which won Saturday.
The Spiders were without De'Monte Buckingham, serving a one-game suspension, and George Mason was without second-leading scorer Jaire Grayer (sprained foot).
Trevor Noah will speak at the University April 30, Brown Lecture Board announced Monday.
Noah, a South African writer, comedian and television host, is best known for their work as host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show. In November 2016, Noah released their first book, “Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood.” The book was named a New York Times bestseller shortly after its release, according to Noah's website.
Noah became a recurring contributor on the Daily Show December 2014 and was named host March 2015.
Though Comedy Central's announcement of Noah as the new host of the Daily Show was originally met with criticism for Noah's past controversial tweets, as the New York Times reported, Noah's show has since become the most-watched and highest-rated daily late night talk show among viewers ages adult 18-49, according to a Comedy Central press release.
The Lecture Board event will be a “moderated lecture” with Tricia Rose, director of the Center for the Study of Race and Ethnicity in America, associate dean of the faculty for special initiatives and professor of Africana studies, according to the event's Facebook page. The event is not open to the general public, and tickets will be available via lottery with three drawings occurring April 20, 21 and 22.
Candace Cameron Bure told Delish they love Caesar Salad but only eats it once a year, due to their mostly vegan diet — and how fattening the dressing is.
So, Delish and Candace came up with a way to lighten it up, cutting the calories in half, and making it totally vegan! Watch the video above for the how-to, and check out the ingredients below.
Vegan Kale Caesar Salad
For the Dressing
1 1/2 tbsp. Dijon mustard
1 1/2 tbsp. nutritional yeast
1 tbsp. hummus
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 c. water
Juice of 1 lemon
2 tsp. soy sauce
1 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil
1/4 tsp. cayenne pepper
For the Salad
In its last game of the season, Western Michigan couldn't hold anything back.
As the Broncos were trying to rally against Wisconsin in Monday's Cotton Bowl, Western Michigan went with a trick play that included a handoff, lateral, pass back to quarterback Zach Terrell and then a pass across the field to wide receiver Corey Davis. All for about five yards.
This is a LOT of work for 5 yards pic.twitter.com/mIw1SHGb3j — Pick Six Previews (@PickSixPreviews) January 2, 2017
The play started at the Western Michigan 44-yard line, and at one point, the ball went back to the 29. That was a lot work.
But to be fair, plays with that many moving components can easily go terribly wrong and result in a turnover or huge loss. The Broncos turned that adventure into positive yardage, so I guess it was a success.
HANOI — Vietnam listed a U.S.-based group still loyal to the now defunct state of South Vietnam as a terrorist organization on Tuesday, the Ministry of Public Security (MPS) said.
The California-based Provisional Government of Vietnam, led by U.S. citizen Dao Minh Quan, established groups inside Vietnam to "execute acts of terrorism and sabotage, and assassinate officials", the ministry said in a statement.
A Vietnamese naval soldier stands guard in the South China Sea in this 2013 file photo. Reuters
Quan was a "former lieutenant" of the U.S.-backed Republic of Vietnam, the statement said, referring to the now defunct state, also known as South Vietnam, which once ruled the southern half of the country until the Vietnam War ended in 1975.
Quan did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A U.S. Embassy spokesperson in Hanoi said the organization is not designated as a terrorist group by the U.S. State Department.
Despite sweeping economic reform in Vietnam, and increasing openness toward social change, including gay, lesbian and transgender rights, the ruling Communist Party retains tight media censorship and does not tolerate criticism.
Earlier this month, Vietnam jailed four men for flying the flag of South Vietnam. The flag, a bright yellow rectangle with three thin horizontal stripes, is used by political activists in Vietnam who oppose the Communist-controlled government in Hanoi.
A video on a website the MPS said was operated by Quan's group showed a convoy of cars moving through a U.S. town, some of which were flying the flag of South Vietnam. The website describes Quan as the "Prime Minister" of the Provisional Government of Vietnam.
In late December, a Vietnamese court jailed 15 people for their part in an alleged April bomb plot by Quan's group at Tan Son Nhat airport, the transport hub which serves Ho Chi Minh City — formerly known as Saigon, the capital of South Vietnam.
Fifteen people acted on instructions from an overseas group which had used social media to spread propaganda and recruit its members, local media said, citing the court indictment.
Vietnam, one of the top 10 countries for Facebook users by numbers, has called for tougher internet controls and set up a military cyber unit to fight "wrong" views online.
The group "planted fuel bombs in the car park and at the arrival hall at Tan Son Nhat International Airport" in April, 2017," Tuesday's MPS statement said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
From Virginia Lottery : The winning numbers have been drawn in Virginia's New Year's Millionaire Raffle. The question now is: Who has those three $1 million winning tickets?
The $1 million winners are:
Ticket #103271 (bought at 7-Eleven, 6865 Wellington Road, Manassas)
Ticket #111002 (bought at 7-Eleven, 4601 West Broad Street, Richmond)
Ticket #283611 (bought at Speedway, 3732 Campbell Avenue, Lynchburg)
Six additional tickets each won $25,000. Those winning tickets are:
Ticket #064773 (bought at Quik-E Foods, 73 Campbell Highway, Rustburg)
Ticket #130337 (bought at Harris Teeter, 159 Community Drive, Charlottesville)
Ticket #131727 (bought at Super Shin, 3962 George Washington Mem. Hwy., Yorktown)
Ticket #224087 (bought at 7-Eleven, 779 Madison Road, Culpeper)
Ticket #283906 (bought at Goldy's, 4024 West Broad Street, Richmond)
Ticket #306952 (bought at Food Lion, 5227 Waterway Drive, Dumfries)
Another 300 tickets each win $500. Those numbers are now posted at the Virginia Lottery's website: www.valottery.com. Players can also call the Virginia Lottery Player Information Line at 804-662-LUCK. The winning numbers were drawn by the Virginia Lottery on New Year's Day.
When it comes to education, the Virginia Lottery is game. In fact, it's the reason we play. We generate more than $1.6 million per day for Virginia's K-12 public schools. Operating entirely on revenue from the sale of Lottery products, the Virginia Lottery generated a record $588 million for Virginia's public schools in Fiscal Year 2016. For more info, visit our website, like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter and Instagram and check us out on YouTube. Please play responsibly.
The Junior Rowers of St. Michael's battled the best junior oarsmen and women that Britain had to offer at the National School's Regatta on Dorney Lake in Windsor last weekend.
First up were the Boys and Girls J14 Coxed Quadruple Sculls. The two boys crews placed 28th and 15th out of fields of 60 crews. The Girls took 17th out of 82 crews to put in a stellar performance in the hotly contested C final with less than a length separating the entire race.
The following day saw Louise Blair take 38th place overall in the J18 Girls Single, a highly contested event and the J15 Boys eight finish 23rd overall competing against some of the household names in British schoolboy rowing, while the Boys J16 Coxed Four and Girls J18 Eight both finished 3rd in their respective B finals, placing 9th overall, while a highly commendable effort from the Girls J16 Eight saw them finish 6th in the A final
The final day saw action from the J16 Girls and Boys Coxless Quadruple Sculls, the J18 Girls Coxless Four and Ryan Spelman in the J18 Boys Single. Both J16 Quads finished 22nd and 21st respectively, gaining valuable experience of racing without a cox, which will stand to them as they become more familiar with competing in smaller boats as they get older. Both Ryan and the Girls Four Made into the semi-finals of their events and qualified for their B finals. Ryan finshed 4th, placing 10th overall in a field of world class junior scullers while the Girls' four put in a hard fought race to win the B final, finishing 7th overall, showing great promise for the rest of the season.
All of the crews, following a well-earned rest, will then focus their attention to the remaining regattas of the Irish racing calendar, particularly Cork Regatta at the end of June and then the Irish Rowing Championships 3 weeks later, both taking place in Inniscarra, where they hope to make the best use of their overseas experience in order to bring home some silverware for the club.
Having tasted competing at one of the most prestigious venues in world rowing, they will have gained invaluable experience for years to come as they develop within the sport.
Updated at 10:58 a.m. ET
President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron are fielding questions from reporters on Tuesday, in between talks on the Iran nuclear deal and a lavish state dinner.
Macron is the first of two European leaders Trump is hosting this week. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Both France and Germany joined the U.S. in a six-nation pact with Iran to halt its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of that deal. Macron and Merkel want them to stay in.
Trump's former advisers struggled to make the case for the nuclear deal, and the newest members of Trump's national security team are as skeptical of the agreement as they are.
"People know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never, ever been made," Trump said Tuesday during an Oval Office photo opportunity with Macron. "It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made, but we will be talking about it."
Macron argues the nuclear agreement is worth preserving.
"We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward," Macron said, through an interpreter.
Macron has skillfully courted Trump, inviting the U.S. president to be their guest last year at an elaborate military parade marking Bastille Day in Paris. Trump was so impressed, they ordered their own military parade this November, marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I.
The two presidents and their wives celebrated the wartime alliance between the U.S. and France on Monday by planting an oak tree on the South Lawn of the White House. The sapling comes from Belleau Wood, where more than 9,000 Marines died in the final months of the first world war, according to a White House statement.
Later, the two couples took a sightseeing helicopter tour of Washington, then held a private dinner at George Washington's historic Mt. Vernon estate.
Despite their evident personal chemistry, Trump and Macron have significant policy differences to discuss. In addition to the Iran nuclear deal, Macron wants a permanent exemption from the president's new steel and aluminum tariffs. And he'd like to see a more lasting commitment from the U.S. to stabilization efforts in Syria. Military forces from France and the U.K. joined the U.S. in launching air strikes on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapons attack. But Trump is impatient to withdraw U.S. troops from that country as quickly as possible.
"What you do have are two leaders who have a great deal of respect for one another, who have a great friendship," said White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders. They added that friendship allows the two men to have "very open and candid conversations."
Sanders said they expect "a very productive and very positive state visit for both countries."
The visit will be marked by the first state dinner of the Trump administration. The White House has been decorated for the event with cherry blossoms, sweet peas and white lilacs. The menu is American with French influences: spring lamb and jambalaya.
On Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
And although the $457 million Powerball jackpot was won in Pennsylvania, there's another mega-prize still up for grabs, a $377 million Mega Millions jackpot for Tuesday.
No information is known about the Nashville winner until the prize is claimed.
The Tennessee Education Lottery Corp. operates entirely from the revenue it generates through the sale of its products.
For additional information, visit tnlottery.com.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – A Dayton man has been found guilty in a 2016 murder.
The Montgomery County Prosecuting Attorney's Office said Wednesday that Bryson Tyrone Williams was found guilty of shooting and killing Terion Dixon, 21, in November.
Police say Dixon was standing outside near a friend's car on the 1700 block of Germantown Street.
Williams was indicted in January on murder and other charges.
A Montgomery County jury found Williams guilty Wednesday of murder, felonious assault and a weapons charge.
Williams is currently in custody at the Montgomery County Jail.
Williams will be sentenced July 6.
Gary Oldman hasn't done a deep dive into a character for years, but they make up for lost time with a spectacular performance as British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, rousing...
The Houston Astros called up outfielder Derek Fisher for Wednesday's game against the Rangers after they placed Josh Reddick on the seven-day DL. And in doing so, the Astros created a potential matchup that NBA fans have been waiting to see.
This weekend, the Astros will face the Boston Red Sox. The Red Sox have a relief pitcher named Matt Barnes. Following me now?
this weekend could get awkward pic.twitter.com/jRSocJsROl — nick (@nick_pants) June 15, 2017
There is a chance that Matt Barnes will face Derek Fisher in a baseball game, and it will be two entirely different people who just happen to share the same names as basketball dudes who hate each other.
The NBA's Barnes and Fisher had their longstanding feud escalate into a physical altercation last year when Fisher was dating Barnes' ex-wife, Gloria Govan.
While there is no indication that baseball's Barnes and Fisher have any familiarity with one another, it makes for an awkward matchup that will definitely have NBA fans talking.
The ultimate dream scenario would be Fisher charging the mound after taking a Barnes fastball to the hip, but we don't condone baseball violence. And that's probably asking too much.
Let's just hope the two get to face each other.
One item on my wife's and my bucket list is visiting presidential libraries and museums. So far we've been to those for Harry Truman, Woodrow Wilson, Teddy and Franklin Roosevelt, William McKinley, Rutherford B. Hayes, Jerry Ford, Ronald Reagan and Richard Nixon.
The libraries are a fun bit of tourism for the politically minded, but they also hold some sobering lessons for the current occupant of the White House. Sadly, all evidence suggests that President Donald Trump, ignorant of history as just about everything else, is unlikely to learn them.
The most surprising of the libraries, in the most positive sense, was Nixon's.We expected it to be dark, brooding and secretive like the man himself. After the glitzy and glossy displays at the nearby Reagan library, the last word I expected to use to describe Nixon's memorial was “honest,” but that's what it was. And more. The first display that confronts visitors is a panoramic orientation video that opens with an unvarnished story of the Watergate scandal that brought down their presidency.It wasn't always that way. The private Nixon Foundation operated it like a shrine, glossing over Nixon's career. Their biographer, Stephen E. Ambrose, called it a whitewash and “entirely self-serving.” In 2011 the National Archives became a partner and has given visitors a more balanced and honest view, particularly of the scandals that led to Nixon's downfall.There is deservedly much about Nixon's positive achievements, domestic and international. Their views on environment, health care, women in college sports, ending the draft and lowering the voting age, and the rights of Native Americans would brand them a liberal in today's GOP.His opening to China, détente with the Soviet Union and resupplying arms to Israel in the 1973 war were historic achievements. Theirs prolonging the Vietnam War and condoning the genocide in Bangladesh are permanent stains.But all are forever overshadowed by their crimes. For that reason alone the incumbent 45th president should visit the 37th's and take a long, reflective walk through the corridor that traces the events beginning with the June 1971 leak of the Pentagon Papers, the dirty tricks, creation of the secret White House “Plumbers,” the Watergate break-in and the extensive cover-up that culminated in Nixon's resignation.It might help them save their presidency. To learn how paranoia, hate, revenge, lies, political espionage, deceit, abuse of power and narcissism brought down one president and now threatens another.John Dean, who knows a thing or two about bad presidents from their years as Nixon's White House counsel, said Trump makes Nixon “look good” by comparison. Nixon, they noted, “was competent, just dishonest” while Trump is both incompetent and dishonest, calling the incumbent “the worst president ever.”The two presidents share an obsession with plugging leaks and creating bulging enemies lists. Nixon ordered illegal wiretaps and tax audits for their enemies; we don't know yet whether that is another practice Trump follows.Something else they share besides deeply flawed character and lack of ethics is a need to surround themselves with similarly challenged individuals and plain old sycophants. It took longer to expose Nixon's criminals; several of Trump's have already been indicted, entered guilty pleas, are cooperating with investigators or severing jail time.Each president has their see-no-evil clerics. Trump has Franklin Graham (whose father was a die-hard Nixon defender) and Jerry Falwell Jr.; Nixon had Rabbi Baruch Korff and the Reverend Sun Myung Moon.And their intransigent supporters in Congress. Congressman Earl Landgrebe (R-Indiana) said he'd stand with Nixon “until they and I are taken out into the street and shot.” Trump has Rep. Devin Nunes (R-California), who destroyed the credibility of the House Intelligence Committee, which they chair, by being Trump's snitch.In Nixon's time as today, congressional Republican leadership avoided directly criticizing the president for fear of incurring their wrath and that of their hardcore followers. The only two Jewish Republicans in the 115th Congress, Lee Zeldin of New York and David Kustoff of Tennessee, are staunch Trump defenders.Trump, like Nixon, is an equal-opportunity bigot, virtually no group has escaped their virulent racism. They have a history of discrimination going back to their real estate days; they have been accused of embracing the worst – Nazis, KKK, White supremacists, Judge Roy Moore, Sheriff Joe Arpaio – and condones the venom spewed by their followers.Jews have also been their targets. Both waged bitter war on the media, including many Jewish journalists. Nixon ordered an aid to count the number of Jews in the Bureau of Labor Statistics because they suspected their were cooking the numbers to make them look bad.The ADL's Jonathan Greenblatt says Trump has “emboldened and given encouragement to the worst anti-Semites and bigots.”It matters little how many times they declare “I love Israel” or points out their Jewish grandchildren. It's not Jews but the millions of Evangelicals who vote overwhelmingly Republican that they have in mind.Once again we see a president at war with their own law enforcement agencies, meddling in criminal investigations which involve him, personally attacking investigators, lying to the media and public in order to cover up the truth. Another president who cares nothing about the enormous damage to the country and its democratic traditions; it's all about “me.”Trump also threatens to follow Nixon's example and fire the prosecutors, but so far they haven't; maybe someone has told them how that turned out.Trump may be more disastrous and thus dangerous than Nixon because they are more skillful at manipulating the media, effectively uses social networks to get out their “alternative facts” and has a major news network that acts as their echo chamber.The extent of Trump's crimes may not be fully known until after their presidency and when the record is examined by the National Archives, if then.As the Nixon library shows, Nixon paid for their crimes because there was still an independent judiciary and a Congress able to put rank partisanship aside long enough to meet the grave constitutional crisis they fomented.Trump is well on their way to compiling an even uglier and more dangerous record. What's not clear is whether a Republican Congress that – so far – has been unwilling to demand even minimal accountability from this president will act with equal concern for a democracy at risk.
by Suzanne Podhaizer
In 2014, Jan Lloyd of Plainfield decided that it was time for somebody in Central Vermont to offer high quality sex toys and gear. They also wanted to provide an opportunity to dig into questions about bodies, pleasure, and power: topics that can be difficult to broach in a culture in which people are simultaneously obsessed with sex and sexuality, and ashamed of it.
That year, Lloyd founded a business called Rocket Erotic, and hosted their premier event at Nutty Steph's in Middlesex. “I want everyone to feel welcome,” says Lloyd. “All bodies, all budgets, all genders, all identities…I have something for everyone.” The model worked, and when Lloyd met Kelly Arbor, a sex educator and activist, at the University of Vermont's Translating Identities Conference, they eventually became relationship and business partners.
The pair and their wares pop-up at drag balls, restaurants, hair salons, bachelorette parties, and universities, among other places, offering a unique brand of positive, queer, kink-friendly advice, as well as books and zines, their own hand-crafted leather goods, and toys from reputable companies.
One hallmark of the Rocket Erotic brand is an empathetic, open-minded approach to navigating the complexities of communication. In the era of #metoo, discussions about consent, boundaries, and desire have become commonplace, and are occurring in the public sphere—particularly on Facebook—in new ways.
The fact is, few Americans have grown up with healthy role modeling for talking about sex. But, when you're getting close to another human and trying to mesh together complicated needs and desires, things can get kinda tricky. Lloyd and Arbor believe that uncomfortable moments are the perfect time to start skilling up.
“We have some teaching tools we use around this,” says Lloyd. For one, there's an activity called “erotic mapping,” in which each person uses a drawing of the human body to chart out the sensations that they enjoy, in a way that can be easily shared.
Then, there's the idea of hanging out at a café and making a “yes/no/maybe” list of activities. After all, one person's “hell yeah” might be another person's “definitely not.” Exploring those things outside of the bedroom, Lloyd and Arbor suggest, can minimize hurt feelings. It makes it “about the activity,” not about the other person, Arbor explains.
Another tactic: making sure you have a basic understanding of your own likes and dislikes. “Exploring erotic pleasure solo is a way to start thinking about what comes up in your fantasies, and what you feel in your body,” says Lloyd. “To be able to speak up for yourself, you have to know what you want.
”Once you do, they explain, there are plenty of ways to share that information with lovers. Not ready to voice your desires aloud? “Draw pictures, write a little piece of erotica, send a text, have a Snapchat,” Lloyd says.
What about in the moment? Arbor recommends maintaining eye contact, and using that as a non-verbal way to check-in. In addition, Lloyd encourages people to get into the habit of “speaking more in bed,” generally. “If you're saying that something is really good, and that you like it, you're going to get more of it,” they explain. And, when something isn't working, it's easier to mention it when you've already got a patter going.
Most importantly, they say, make sure that you're with somebody who is willing to listen and work with you. Arbor pays very close attention to how people act in everyday conversation, as a way of understanding if they'll be a thoughtful sex partner. “There are certain indicators that tell me if a person is totally self-absorbed. That's going to be indicative of how they behave in the bedroom,” Arbor says.
Overall, the Rocket Erotic message is one of thoughtful teamwork that builds towards better relationships, generally, and great sex, specifically. “We're coming from the approach of compassion as well as accountability,” Arbor notes. “If people don't know the rules[of good communication], they're going to push the lines. We've been raised in a culture that has created ideas of power and privilege. How can we shift that, rather than shame it, while holding people accountable?”
Lloyd adds: “That's why being in a community is really important, because we can mentor each other. Nobody's a pro, but we can practice using our voices, and gain confidence and understanding.
”Rocket Erotic will have a pop-up shop onFebruary 10, 5-9 pm, at Ondine Salon in Montpelier
Share this:
The 35 Russian diplomats whom the Obama administration ordered out of the country in retaliation for alleged hacking of the U.S. presidential election have left the country, a State Department official told NBC News on Sunday.
The diplomats' families went with them, said the official, who said any other details would have to come from Moscow. Russian news agencies quoted Russia's embassy as confirming the news, Reuters reported.
Related: U.S. Unveils Plan to Punish Russians for Election Hack
President Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of the diplomats on Thursday and imposed sanctions on two suspected hackers and three companies that allegedly provided support to cyber operations by Russia's GRU intelligence service.
Related: The Spy Next Door: What Went On in Russia's Shuttered U.S. Compounds?
The CIA has concluded that the interference was intended to help Donald Trump win the election, and NBC News has reported that intelligence officials believe “with a high level of confidence” that Russian President Vladimir Putin was personally involved in the covert campaign.
Putin condemned U.S. sanctions on Friday but overruled their own foreign minister and said they would decline to retaliate by expelling U.S. diplomats.
MOPH /Smalta 2017 girls' Pee wee football…Angela's and South Ruimveldt to contest final
St. Angela's Primary have a fantastic opportunity to make it two championship titles in two years when they face South Ruimveldt primary school in the final of the 2017 Ministry of Public Health (MOPH), Smalta Girls under-12 football tournament.
On Saturday last at Ministry of Education (MOE) ground, the quarterfinals and semifinals were contested where the defending champions St. Angela's and South Ruimveldt came out as the girls' top Pee wee teams after the six matches were played.
St. Angela's breezed past St. Pius 4-1 in their semifinal match, majorly thanks to Nakasi Jules that fired in all four of St. Angela's goals. The lass got on the scoresheet in the 3rd, 19th, 28th and 30th minutes to ensure their team's run to the final. Kesia Wilson was the lone scorer for the battered losers, St. Pius.
Meanwhile, South Ruimveldt proved that West (Ruimveldt) were not the best after needling them in the second semifinal. Fayon Harvey was the hero, with their clinical finish in the 26th minute of the match, that ultimately ascended their team in the final.
Earlier in the day, North Georgetown and South Ruimveldt's 1-1 drawn quarterfinal match after full and extra time, had to be decided by sudden death penalties, which North won. Jadea Maisin scored for North in the 26th minute to equalise after Kaci Pollard had fired South ahead in the 24th minute.
St Pius that lost their semifinal, had beaten F.E Pollard 2-1 earlier in quarterfinal action, thanks to Kerry Boyce (5th) and Kezra Wilson (30th), while Tallia Wharton was F.E Pollard's scorer.
West Ruimveldt registered a 3-0 win over Redeemer in their quarterfinal match. Akila Smith, Celica Williams and Ashayla Pedro scored for the winners.
St Angela's were in thumping form on Saturday and had taken the momentum for their semifinal after broad-siding Tucville 5-0 in their quarterfinal match. Jules who scored four in the quarterfinal slotted home two goals in this match with one each from Patricia Rollox, Akeela McKenzie and Shikaria Lupe to complete the rout.
The final and third place playoff between the losing semifinalists will be played this Saturday at the MOE Ground on CARIFESTA Avenue.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Toro Rosso Formula 1 boss Franz Tost believes rumours such as the speculation surrounding Carlos Sainz Jr's future are caused by paddock boredom.
While Sainz was involved in confusion over their 2018 plans with Red Bull during the Austrian Grand Prix weekend following comments they made in a press conference about being unlikely to stay at Toro Rosso, once that was resolved they were then rumoured to be making a mid-season switch to Renault.
That was strongly denied by Renault, which felt compelled to reassure Jolyon Palmer on the morning of the British GP that their seat was safe, and Tost called it "unserious speculation".
"I don't know where this rumour is coming [from] that they were [going to be] driving in Budapest for I don't know which team," said Tost.
"This is Formula 1, you see people sitting around, it's boring for them, and then they come up with some stories or some dreams or whatever.
"Then they talk with one another and then it starts going around.
"The fact is that Carlos is driving with us, they have a Red Bull contract and regarding the future is a decision Red Bull will take because they have the contract."
Sainz has made clear that they learned from the uncomfortable situation that resulted from their comments in Austria, and Tost expects them to let their driving do the talking from now on.
"I'm convinced they have learned from this and convinced that they know what is the basis [for progressing their career]," they said.
"The most important part, which I always say to the driver, is show the best performance with the current package you have - the rest will come by itself and this is wherever you are.
"We have a really good competitive car, and the team is doing a really good job and getting everything together.
"With Toro Rosso you can always be in the points."
SHELBY COUNTY (WISH) — One person is dead after a motorcycle Sunday night in Shelby County.
It happened Sunday night just before 7:30 p.m. in the area of CR 250 West and CR 1200 North when officers were called out to a motorcycle crash.
Early investigations showed that the motorcycle was traveling north when it went off the side of the road for an unknown reason, ejecting 55-year-old David Bentley.
Bentley died from their injuries at the scene.
'Very healthy' Aaron Carter wants to turn rehab into records “I'm feeling very healthy and am so passionate about my music right now and continue to write new songs drawn from these life experiences," Carter tells us.
Aaron Carter reflects on friendship with Michael Jackson Carter and the late King of Pop had eerily similar lives, they claim.
Aaron Carter thought they would be dead by 30 Carter, who in 2017 was arrested and entered rehab, says he's ready to “act like a frickin' adult.”
Aaron Carter flaunts 45-pound weight gain after rehab “I went from 115 to 160 pounds in two months I feel amazing,” they bragged. “2018 I'm ready for you!!”
Aaron Carter returns to rehab after settling legal matters Carter left treatment in early October after only staying two weeks.
Aaron Carter leaves treatment facility after two weeks They had voluntarily checked themselves in to try to "improve their health and work on their overall wellness."
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor@portisabelsouthpadre.com
A quick-thinking Texas Game Warden saved the life of a Port Isabel man after their wife reported that they had not come back from a solo kayaking trip on the Laguna Madre Monday.
Matthew Miller, 41, was reported missing Monday afternoon by their wife Melanie Willson reported that they had not returned from a recreational trip in their brand-new kayak. The couple had recently moved to the area and were eager to take advantage of the Laguna Madre's amenities.
Miller launched from their home along North Shore Drive at about noon, Willson said. By 4 p.m., they had yet to return. “I didn't panic initially,” they said. But, when the 5 o'clock hour came with no sign of their husband, Willson called 911, who alerted the U.S. Coast Guard.
The Coast Guard has a partnership with Texas Parks and Wildlife, which possess shallow water craft. That was how Warden Colby Henz was alerted to the missing boater. They were nearing the end of their shift when the call came in, they said. “I got to the barn as quick as I could and got my boat and made it to the boat ramp,” Henz said.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
MADISON, Wis. — Wisconsin first-year student guard Kobe King is having season-ending surgery on their injured left knee.
The University of Wisconsin sports medicine staff said that surgery was taking place Monday. King is a promising first-year student who appeared in each of the first 10 games this season, averaging 5.2 points. Wisconsin says they are eligible to apply for a medical redshirt.
Sophomore guard D'Mitrik Trice was also set for surgery on their injured right foot and won't begin rehab for at least two weeks. Trice is averaging 9.4 points and playing a team-high 31.5 minutes a game.
Wisconsin is 4-7 after an 82-63 loss to Marquette on Saturday.
——
More college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Fidelity National Financial Inc. agreed to buy Stewart Information Services Corp. for $1.2 billion to bolster its position in the title-insurance market.
The deal will be paid half in cash and half in Fidelity National common stock, the Jacksonville, Florida-based company said Monday in a statement. The buyer expects to fund the deal with a combination of cash on hand, debt and issuance of Fidelity stock to Stewart shareholders. Stewart surged on the news, climbing as much as 10 percent, its biggest intraday gain in four years, while Fidelity National rose as much as 8.4 percent.
Title insurers use records and public documents to verify that home sellers are the true property owners and that the property is free from liens. The companies collect a premium at the closing of a purchase, and pay costs that may arise from disputes about the new owner's right to the property. Fidelity National has been expanding through deals, building its expertise in mortgage data with a 2014 deal to acquire Lender Processing Services Inc.
“We see tremendous potential in working with the Stewart management team to invest in and grow the Stewart brand on a national basis as part of our long-time, successful strategy of operating multiple title insurance brands under the FNF umbrella,” Fidelity National Financial Chairman William Foley said in the statement.
The deal could be a negative for consumers since it decreases the number of title insurers that homebuyers can choose, according to Greg McBride, chief financial analyst for personal-finance website Bankrate.com.
‘Fewer Choices'
“Any consolidation of market share is highly likely to produce higher costs and fewer choices for consumers,” McBride said Monday in a phone interview. “With greater market share comes greater pricing power.”
Fidelity National expects to complete the deal in the first or second quarter of 2019, according to the statement. If the companies need to divest assets or businesses with revenue from $75 million to $225 million in order to get regulatory approval, the buyer will lower the purchase price to a minimum of $45.50 per share.
Fidelity National's purchase still faces some risks to closing, given the “likely required” divestitures, according to Barclays Plc analysts including Mark DeVries. Stewart was trading at $44.07 at 1:03 p.m. in New York, below both the $50-per-share price of the deal and the $45.50-per-share minimum price the buyer will pay should the combined company have to divest assets.
Still, the transaction offers benefits including at least $135 million in operational cost synergies, according to the statement. On previous deals, Fidelity National has been conservative about those targets and has often beaten those goals, the Barclays analysts wrote Monday in a note.
— With assistance by Joshua Fineman
Although money is deemed by many as essential as water, food, and air, people often show an astonishing lack of understanding of the basic principles of money management, according to author and wealth management expert Jonathan K. DeYoe. That's why DeYoe has written a timely and highly acclaimed book called: MINDFUL MONEY: Simple Practices For Reaching Your Financial Goals And Increasing Your Happiness Dividend.
DeYoe's goal is to help the average person develop a much more positive attitude toward money by placing it in the context of their present and future selves. Your viewers and listeners will appreciate the chance to learn the unique investment philosophy of one of the most successful wealth management experts in business. DeYoe draws upon their experience as a financial adviser and incorporating the philosophies of Eastern religions – they are a practicing Buddhist – to make the case that money is just one of many powerful tools for building a fulfilling life.
BACKGROUND: DeYoe is a California-based financial adviser and a longtime Buddhist. During their twenty years as a financial adviser, they have managed investments at Morgan Stanley, UBS PaineWebber, and Salomon Smith Barney. In 2001, they founded their own wealth management firm, DeYoe Wealth Management. Today DeYoe manages nearly $250 million for over two hundred families and foundations in the United States and overseas.
For more information, visit: www.happinessdividend.com. To learn more about DeYoe Wealth Management, please visit: www.deyoewealthmanagement.com.
SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY NEW WORLD LIBRARY
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Getty Images Most U.S. retailers kicked off the new year with strong sales in January.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Most U.S. retailers posted strong sales in January, even beleaguered department stores, perhaps a sign that higher consumer confidence since the election has encouraged Americans to spend more.
Retail sales rose 0.4% last month following a much bigger gain in December than originally reported, the government said Wednesday. Economists polled by MarketWatch had forecast an 0.2% increase.
Every major retail sector reported higher sales except for auto dealers, whose business tends to tail off after the Christmas shopping season. Auto purchases account for about one-fifth of all retail spending.
If autos are excluded U.S. retail sales rose a robust 0.8%, the Commerce Department said.
I'm hearing that the release of the report from Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz is imminent.
The report could come out as soon as Thursday.
Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and their Judiciary Committee has a hearing scheduled for Tuesday, June 5, to go over the report.
I'm told by Grassley's office that Horowitz will attend and will be questioned.
The IG has been looking into the FBI's handling of the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation during the election. As I wrote while that probe was going on, then-FBI Director James Comey and a few bureau high-ups seemed to be covering up for Hillary.
I'm hearing that the report will be very critical of the former heads of the CIA and the FBI — as well as the agencies themselves.
The phrase “constitution crisis” keeps coming up and I don't think that is an exaggeration as to what might happen because of the report's findings, many of which will remain classified and not released. The Democrats will need to counter the report with a sizeable offensive.
On top of everything else going on, the markets will have to deal with the fallout from this report.
NASHVILLE, TN (WSMV/NBC News) – Dustin Owens says they never dreamed they get in trouble over the sticker on the back of their Chevy Blazer.
“My brother ordered it and it was nighttime when they put it on because they were trying to make a joke out of it, and I was sleeping,” Owens says.
The sticker depicts two stick figures engaged in sexual activity above the phrase “Making My Family”.
Owens said they were driving home from work on Friday when a Nashville Metro police officer pulled them over and cited them for having an obscene bumper sticker.
“If I took the words off right there, it's two stick figures dancing, that's it,” Owens says.
Owens posted pictures of the sticker and the citation on Facebook, where passionate people on both sides of the issue began weighing in.
“Some people say I should fight it and get it thrown out. Other people say I'm classless and called me all kinds of names, but they don't know me so I don't worry about that,” they say.
It is in fact illegal in Tennessee to have obscene or offensive bumper stickers, window signs and markings on cars. In 2011, lawmakers even stiffened the penalty for violations.
POTTSBORO, TX --Quality food, fast service, great experience. That's what Craft Pies Pizza is all about. The company was founded with the vision of bringing handcrafted pizza to the market in a way that's different than your traditional pizza joint.
Here at Craft Pies Pizza, you are the creator of your pizza. They have one size and one set price. That means you can get as many toppings as you like at no extra charge. All you're in charge of doing is picking out an unlimited amount of toppings and the sauce you would like on your pizza. Each employee will make sure you get the Craft Experience by using only the finest ingredients to handcraft these pizzas.
Not only do they offer pizza but you can also craft your own salad. You can choose to get either a large salad or a small salad, both come with the option to choose from an unlimited amount of toppings at no extra charge.
Craft Pies Pizza also sells dessert and their famous craft soda. For dessert they offer gelato. Choose from Salted Caramel Crunch, Pure Pistachio, Chocolate Cookie Crunch, or Tiramisu. As for the craft soda's, choose from Root Beer, Cherry Limeade, and plenty more.
So there's Craft Pizza, Craft Salads, and Craft Soda's all combined together. If you want to taste your creation the craft way, stop by and get your Craft Experience. They are located on 81750 N. State Hwy 289 Ste 122 Pottsboro, Tx 75076. Hours of operation are Sunday – Thursday 11 AM - 8 PM and Friday – Saturday 11 AM - 9 PM.
@tubmanbattery is not only the first Black owned rechargeable battery company, they are also youth owned and operated. Each pack comes with four AA rechargeable batteries with a charger. Shop now: webuyblack.com/tubmanbattery
A post shared by WeBuyBlack.com (@webuyblack) on May 30, 2018 at 11:48am PDT
A former Utah politician was reported missing Saturday after they failed to return from running on a remote trail, police said.
St. George police say that Chad Bennion, 52, left Saturday at around 4 p.m. to run on a trail and was last seen wearing running pants and a white T-shirt. Bennion is a white male, about 5-feet 9-inches tall and weighs 170 pounds, according to Fox 13 Now.
Police say that Bennion is an avid runner who likes to run on remote trails in southern Utah. According to the St. George News, they were out for a run while visiting their family on New Year's Eve.
“When we tried to ping their cell phone it hit a tower on North Bluff,” St. Georges police Lt. Joseph Hartman told the St. George News. “But they couldn't pinpoint it any more accurate than that. It could be within 3, 4, 5 or 10 miles, we don't know.”
Police said their vehicle, a 2002 Oldsmobile Bravada, has not been found. The vehicle's license plate number is X413GX.
#missingperson Chad Bennion. If u have any info please call 435-627-4300 and ref. 16p032570 pic.twitter.com/bvl4qxvKYF — St George Police (@sgcitypubsafety) January 1, 2017
The Salt Lake Tribune reported that Bennion was an elite runner in the 1990s and sought to run for the U.S. Olympic Team in the 1992 Games in Barcelona. They finished 14th in trials.
Bennion had represented several parts of Utah in the state Legislature from 1999 to 2005. They won a Salt Lake County election to become the county's Republican Party chairperson in 2013.
Bennion resigned from their position in 2014 after they were charged with six misdemeanor counts of domestic violence in an altercation with their then-wife, who they were about to divorce.
The case was resolved after pleading abeyance to a disorderly conduct count and agreeing to take an anger management class, according to court records. The rest of the charges were dismissed.
Click for more from Fox 13 Now.
Poker Player Annie Duke Compares Placing Bets to Decision Making
Annie Duke, author and professional poker player, explains how to improve decision making by thinking in terms of making bets. They speak with Scarlet Fu, Julia Chatterley and Joe Weisenthal on Bloomberg's "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg)
Alzheimer's disease is among the most expensive illnesses in the U.S. There's no cure, no effective treatment and no easy fix for the skyrocketing financial cost of caring for an aging population.
Spending on care for people alive in the U.S. right now who will develop the affliction is projected to cost $47 trillion over the course of their lives, a report issued Tuesday by the Alzheimer's Association found. The U.S. is projected to spend $277 billion on Alzheimer's or other dementia care in 2018 alone, with an aging cohort of baby boomers pushing that number to $1.1 trillion by 2050.
Research so far has been stymied by clinical failures. By one count, at least 190 human trials of Alzheimer's drugs have ended in failure. No company has successfully marketed a drug to treat it, though many big pharmaceutical companies, including Merck & Co. and Pfizer Inc., have tried. Biogen Inc., a company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, saw its shares dive last month after it said it was expanding the number of participants in its trial for the drug aducanumab.
However, significant cost savings can be achieved, according to the new report, by the simple act of early diagnosis. Currently, individuals are typically diagnosed in the dementia stage, rather than when they have developed only mild cognitive impairment [MCI]. Identifying the disease early can allow it to be better managed, in part with existing drugs that treat its symptoms. In doing so, the study postulates, America could save $7.9 trillion over the lifetimes of everyone alive right now.
The Alzheimer's Association commissioned researchers at Precision Health Economics to study the potential savings of obtaining an earlier diagnosis. It used data from the Health and Retirement Study, a “nationally representative sample of adults age 50 and older,” run by the University of Michigan and supported by the National Institute on Aging and the Social Security Administration.
The $7.9 trillion in savings was derived from a scenario in which all adults who develop Alzheimer's receive an early diagnosis in the MCI stage. The cumulative cost in such a circumstance is projected at $39.2 trillion—far below the $47.1 trillion that would be spent under current diagnostic patterns.
“We know that there's a spike in medical spending around the time of diagnosis,” said Keith Fargo, director of scientific programs and outreach for the Alzheimer's Association. “It's actually quite expensive to do things that way.”
“You can save a significant amount of money just through better early diagnosis,” they said.
For example, managed dementia is less expensive to treat because it reduces the chances of missing medication or incurring avoidable costs, Fargo said. It's more costly to be diagnosed in the later stages because that's likely to occur only after an expensive trip to the hospital.
Along with the increasing costs, the report also found Alzheimer's is growing increasingly lethal.
The cost of caring for Americans with Alzheimer's will rise by $20 billion this year, compared with 2017 spending. That doesn't include the burden that falls on unpaid caregivers such as family and friends, who last year provided 18.4 billion hours of unpaid care—which the report estimated to be the financial equivalent of $232.1 billion. The hours were calculated based on a follow-up analysis of results from the 2009 National Alliance for Caregiving/AARP national telephone survey, multiplied by an an average of the federal minimum wage and the mean hourly wage of home health aides.
Even worse is the reality that the disease's prevalence will rise over the coming decades. There are now an estimated 5.5 million Americans aged 65 or older with Alzheimer's. In 2025, that number is projected to be 7.1 million. By 2050, it could reach 13.8 million.
Along with the increasing costs, the report also found Alzheimer's to be increasingly lethal. It'ss currently the sixth-leading cause of death in the U.S., and deaths attributed to it jumped by 123 percent between 2000 to 2015, the report found. During the period, the number of deaths from heart disease—the top killer among Americans—decreased by 11 percent, the Alzheimer's Association said.
While early diagnosis is a good first step, Fargo emphasized that scientific research is the only way to solve this growing health crisis. “I really think that's a key call to action,” they said.
Dragon Images/Shutterstock
It's not the super-fluffy, impossibly white towels, the oversized flat-screen TV, or even stellar room service. It's actually something you can't even see and might not realize is there.
The addictive element here is fragrance. As the rest of the world goes wild for mood-lifting essential oils, major hotel chains are catching onto the idea that aromatherapy can have a measurable impact on guest stays.
“A single signature scent is important as it gives an identity to a brand and in this case, the hotel,” explains Mina Vardar, Global Director of Rooms at Langham Hospitality Group. “Since smell is always linked to pleasure and well-being, emotion, and memory, it will help guests build stronger emotional connections with our staff and our hotel, and create a lasting impression. It makes the atmosphere at our hotels feel more inviting.” They add, “I guess that it's subliminal branding.”
Langham Hotels uses a blend of green grass, rose, lily of the valley, and jasmine essential oils in their Ginger Flower room scent, which isn't surprising given that jasmine alone is one of the best essential oils to calm anxiety. The research is there to prove that aromatherapy works, and hotels are finally cashing in on it.
The in-room benefits don't end there for the hotels, though, because scents that leave people with positive associations can be downright addictive (just think of the feeling you get when you smell your grandmother's chocolate chip cookie recipe), and brands like LATHER are cashing in on giving people aromatherapeutic smiles.
“When a hotel, especially a property that prides itself on creating special moments and lasting memories, offers a signature scent, it is creating a scent memory to cement those experiences,” shares LATHER founder, Emilie Hoyt. “If the guest takes the product home, or even happens to smell a note of the fragrance used in the product, they immediately remember the memory of their time at the property.”
Hoyt says the brain's relation to scent is tied to our survival as humans, and that studies have shown scent memory helps newborns with feeding and bonding throughout their lives. It's this special blend of actual need and desire for positive smells that helps hotels reap the benefits of aromatherapy.
“Scent is such a personal experience for everyone. However, there are some essential oils that seem to have common traits. Frankincense has been used for centuries in religion, and it does have a centering effect on the mind that can help with focus and prayer. While we don't make a religious product for hotel clients, we do have wellness scents that feature frankincense as part of the blend because meditation is similar to prayer in the sense that it is about taking a moment from the day for peace,” Hoyt says.
Just about every top hotel chain you can think of—from Four Seasons to Canyon Ranch and all the beautiful travel spots in between—use some form of aromatherapy to lure guests back, Hoyt says. Replicate this effect at home by breaking out your favorite scented candle and essential oils for a good night of sleep.
Trump Makes First Remarks Since Memo Release, Suggests They May Fire Rod Rosenstein: WATCH
JAMES COMEY. On Nunes memo. “That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs.”
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
FBI REACTION. To Nunes memo.
JUST IN: FBI Association releases statement on the memo release. "FBI special agents have not — and will not — allow partisan politics to distract us from our solemn commitment to our mission." pic.twitter.com/OXuleVflZe — MSNBC (@MSNBC) February 2, 2018
NANCY PELOSI. “A bouquet for Putin.” “President Trump has surrendered their constitutional responsibility as Commander-in-Chief by releasing highly classified and distorted intelligence. By not protecting intelligence sources and methods, they just sent their friend Putin a bouquet.”
HOYER. Remove Devin Nunes…
TREY GOWDY. Memo does not discredit Mueller.
It is important for the American public to know if the dossier was paid for by another candidate, used in court pleadings, vetted before it was used, vetted after it was used, and whether all relevant facts were shared with the tribunal approving of the FISA application. — Trey Gowdy (@TGowdySC) February 2, 2018
While this memo raises serious concerns with the FISA process, I have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ. — Trey Gowdy (@TGowdySC) February 2, 2018
As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not – in any way – discredit their investigation. — Trey Gowdy (@TGowdySC) February 2, 2018
KASICH. Memo does disservice to our country…
The manner in which this was done was wrong and does a disservice to our country. My full statement on the release of the memo: pic.twitter.com/AuwIpLDaBz — John Kasich (@JohnKasich) February 2, 2018
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION. Lawyers think Robert Mueller could indict Trump: “Special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation has gathered enough steam that some lawyers representing key Donald Trump associates are considering the possibility of a historic first: an indictment against a sitting president.”
NSYNC REUNION. If there's no NSYNC reunion at the Super Bowl, why have all of the group's members been spotted in Minneapolis this week?
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE. The singer won't let their son play football, so they get mocked by a FOX commentator. “This guy was in a boy band, I think their son will be much more qualified to be in a boy band,” Hegseth quipped. “It's a lot safer on stage than it is on a football field, right?”
AUSTRALIA. Former Australian prime minister who was a vocal leader of the national campaign against gay marriage attends the same-sex wedding of their lesbian sister.
TORONTO. Why did it take so long for cops to catch Bruce McArthur? “The “serial killer” rumors, it would seem, were not rumors after all—and police are now using that language to refer to McArthur.”
DEAN LISOWICK. Toronto serial killer victim remembered as “sweet guy” and fixture of the gay village.
DUBLIN. Man cleared of homophobic vandalism at gay bar: “A 24-year-old man has been cleared of carrying out a homophobic graffiti attack saying “f*****s out” at one of Dublin's best known gay bars. Eoin Berkeley from Hamptonwood Way, Finglas, Dublin 11, pleaded not guilty to causing criminal damage with chalk graffiti on the facade and panels at the George Bar in the city-centre in the early hours of May 20 last year. The offence at district court level can carry a sentence of up to one year.”
SWEATPANT JEANS. Derek Hough favors working out in them shirtless.
MUSIC VIDEO OF THE DAY. Halsey “Sorry”.
TYPOGRAPHY VIDEO OF THE DAY. All about pop culture.
MUSIC VIDEO OF THE DAY II. Justin Timberlake “Man of the Woods”.
FRIDAY FLASH. Anthony Bowens.
HAMILTON, Bermuda — Bermuda police confirm they have found the body of missing US student Mark Dombroski, no cause of death announced.
Authorities and members of Dombroski's family had been searching Bermuda for the young man in a wooded area known as The Arboretum. It was near a sports center where Dombroski was competing as a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia.
They were last seen early Sunday after a night of socializing.
BBC seasons give me indigestion. There are only so many of these virtue-signalling “now listen while we explain something for your own good” parades I can stand. We're currently in the midst of two: hear her, promoting programmes featuring women; and a pile of documentaries and live reports marking 70 years of the NHS. Or maybe that should be “nhs”, as the bbc seems to have a problem with upper case letters. It should be heard Them Or HEAR Them
I take particular issue with Hear Her, whose virulent logo (big red lips on an orange background) keeps popping up, like a tiresome relative on a camping trip, at the oddest, seemingly random moments.
Or maybe they aren't random at all. Maybe Our Girl, BBC1's Bunty Goes to War comic strip, is seen as some kind of feminist-forward shout-out to fighting women everywhere, rather than a mawkish soap punctuated by violence, and thus deserves the Hear Them sticker on its trailers. (It doesn't.)
Video
A breast cancer survivor says they are taking cannabis oil to help them recover from illness.
Nikki Bednall, from Kilburn in Derbyshire, said they turned to using CBD oil through "desperation not recreation", and claims it helps to control them anxiety.
There is no medical proof that CBD oil cures illnesses.
In brief: Several Missouri groups have teamed up to form the Missouri Hyperloop Coalition, with the sole focus of exploring the possibility of a new Hyperloop route that could benefit 5 million people. They are seeking $1 million to fund a study.
Less than a month after Hyperloop One announced the ten viable routes for its transportation system, several groups have come together to form a new partnership focused on exploring the possibility of building a Hyperloop route linking Kansas City, Columbia, and St. Louis.
The collaboration, officially called the Missouri Hyperloop Coalition, brings together the Missouri Department of Transportation (MODOT), the St. Louis Regional Chamber, the KC Tech Council, the University of Missouri System, and the Missouri Innovation Center in Columbia. The coalition believes a Missouri Hyperloop route would benefit over 5 million residents, enabling them to reach a number of universities, businesses, and research hubs in less than 25 minutes.
The state of Missouri proposed the route to Hyperloop One two years ago, but to truly prove the route's potential success, the coalition is currently trying to secure between $1 – 1.5 million to fund a proper study.
Missouri isn't the only state that wants to introduce a new route. Shortly after Hyperloop One announced the asupervisorstioned route winners, the company and the Colorado Department of Transportation (CDOT) revealed a new partnership to study the possibilities and benefits of a route joining Cheyenne to Pueblo.
This story was originally published on Futurism.com.
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn their name from NBA draft and will return for their sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove their name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of their brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month, but they didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a first-year student for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying their prep eligibility and skipping their senior year of high school so they could join their brother with the Tigers. They earned Southeastern Conference Co-Sixth Man of the Year honors and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
Michael Porter Jr., a 6-foot-10 forward, hired an agent and will not return to school. They missed nearly the entire season with a back injury and returned for the SEC Tournament. They had 16 points in 28 minutes in a first-round loss to Florida State in the NCAA Tournament.
'Blindspot' newbie Archie Panjabi has moved on from 'Good Wife' backstage drama New “Blindspot” recruit Archie Panjabi left “The Good Wife” mysteriously in 2015, with their character — glamorous and devious special investigator Kalinda Sharma — turning on the heels of her...
British star's Jumbo-sized role on 'The Good Wife' There's a new badass Brit on “The Good Wife” — but she's not the new Kalinda. “I know people made guesses because we're both British women of color,” says freshly...
On their own: 'Good Wife' goes back to square one in season finale Alicia Florrick (Julianna Margulies) began the year on “The Good Wife” taking the biggest risk of their career. Thinking they could make a difference in Illinois politics, they took Eli...
By the time the curtain drops on 2018 for movie theater owners, Adam Aron will be either the sage who predicted the rebound or the rube who was taken in by their own enthusiasm.
The chief executive officer of AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc., Aron is convinced 2018 will be a “glorious” year for their company, the biggest U.S. theater chain.
In an interview Tuesday at an annual gathering of cinema owners in Las Vegas, Aron called worries about last summer's dismal box office “hysteria.” Since last year's CinemaCon convention, they said, the industry has marked its best-ever September, December and February, thanks to films like Walt Disney Co.'s “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” and “Black Panther.”
“Our conclusion is that the movie industry and the movie theater industry right now are booming,” they said. “The facts are quite different than the conventional wisdom of seven months ago.”
The numbers don't support their enthusiasm. North American box-office sales were down 2.3 percent to $3.5 billion for the year to date through last weekend, according to data from researcher ComScore Inc. Analyst Leo Kulp of RBC Capital Markets predicts flat revenue of $11.2 billion for the year.
Aron pins their hopes on movies like “Avengers: Infinity War,” another Disney film. Opening this weekend, the picture will be “considerably larger” than “Black Panther,” they said.
AMC's CEO says the last two lackluster years should be followed by a rebound, based on historical trends. They also have confidence in the slate of films major studios plan to release this year, which includes “Deadpool 2” from 21st Century Fox Inc., a new “Star Wars” spinoff from Disney and a new “Jurassic World” from Universal Pictures.
“I think people's heads will be spinning,” Aron said.
The executive also forecasts “dramatically higher” profit for Leawood, Kansas City-based AMC, whose shares fell 55 percent in 2017.
“When we look back, we will be very pleased with the industry box office for the full year,” they said.
Hillary: Trump's debate stalking 'made my skin crawl' Hillary Clinton described Donald Trump as a “creep” and someone who “made my skin crawl” when they followed them around the stage during their second presidential debate, according to an...
Weiner almost played Trump in Clinton debate prep ​What were they smoking? The Clinton​ campaign casting about for somebody to stand in for Donald Trump during debate preparations considered using the sex-scandal-scarred Anthony Weiner, a new book revealed....
Ken Bone returns to the limelight, will attend CPAC Ken Bone — the beloved red sweater-clad voter who turned villain after it was revealed they were an admitted pervert who once committed insurance fraud – is back and ready to...
Donna Brazile fires back at CNN for 'ripping me a new one' Donna Brazile fired back at their former employer, saying CNN ripped them “a new one” instead of letting them defend themselves against leaked emails showing they gave Hillary Clinton a...
CNN boss: Donna Brazile's leaks to Clinton campaign ‘disgusting' WASHINGTON — CNN President Jeff Zucker ripped former network contributor Donna Brazile's leaks to the Clinton campaign as “disgusting” and “unethical” during an editorial meeting, it was reported Tuesday. In...
'SNL' takes more jabs at Donald Trump's debate performance Baldwin boasted that Trump was “winning in every poll outside a Cracker Barrel” while McKinnon said that America didn't deserve an “F” for president – and pledged Clinton would be...
Iran's president criticizes US candidates' debate behavior TEHRAN, Iran — Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday criticized the U.S. presidential candidates' behavior during their recent debates. “Did you see the debate and the way of their speaking,...
Chris Wallace won the third debate WASHINGTON — Moderator Chris Wallace was the unanimous winner of the final presidential debate. Amid an insult-driven election in a deeply divided country, Wallace earned a rare consensus of praise...
Ken Bone is the fashion icon America doesn't need Despite the revelation of their cringe-worthy online postings, debate darling Ken Bone is still managing to stretch their 15 minutes of fame, appearing Thursday in an online ad for Izod....
From the section
Image copyright Google Image caption The woman was attacked while running in Tanners Lane, near Emmer Green, Reading
A man has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder and causing actual bodily harm after a jogger was assaulted.
The women were attacked on Tanners Lane, near Emmer Green, Reading in July.
They passed a man on a skateboard who assaulted them a few moments later, Thames Valley Police said. The victim managed to get away and hide.
Callum McPhee, 29, of Chalkhouse Green Road, Kidmore End, Reading entered the pleas at Oxford Crown Court earlier.
Their trial is scheduled for 5 January.
The attack happened at about 08:00 BST on 25 July and the woman received treatment from a paramedic and their GP.
The global wealth imbalance is growing, a shocking new report reveals. The top 1 percent have amassed more than half of the world's wealth and control 50.1 percent of the...
How to make bacon taste even better St Patrick's Day is just around the corner, which means many of us will be relying on bacon sarnies to cure our weekend hangovers. But, before you pick up that...
Town 'smells like bacon' after highway accident A train collided with a semi-truck in Lakeland, FL, around midnight Wednesday and left the roadway littered with food and the air smelling of bacon. A CSX train was en...
Scientists accidentally created better, healthier bacon Bacon is love, bacon is life and now scientists want to make it even better (?). New research using the groundbreaking CRISPR gene editing process has led to pigs which...
Man says girlfriend clocked them with package of bacon A North Carolina man got served bacon one recent morning – but it wasn't for breakfast. Bradley Risinger, 38, of Goldsboro reported to police that their girlfriend, Stephanie Harell, 33,...
Why your bacon is more expensive than ever Pigs can't fly — but the price of pork sure can. Bacon is a sizzling hot commodity right now. Research published by the firm Urner Barry finds that bacon prices...
Chick-fil-A rolls out new items just in time for summer Grilling season is just around the corner, but if you're already craving some barbecue, just head to Chick-fil-A instead of firing up the coals. The Atlanta-based fast-food chain, known for...
We need to quit bacon CHICAGO — Gorging on bacon, skimping on nuts? These are among food habits that new research links with deaths from heart disease, strokes and diabetes. Overeating or not eating enough...
Bacon-lovers need to add these foods to their diet CHICAGO — Gorging on bacon, skimping on nuts? These are among food habits that new research links with deaths from heart disease, strokes and diabetes. Overeating or not eating enough...
Don't freak out, but our nation's bacon reserve is dwindling fast Americans are eating bacon almost as fast as farmers and slaughterhouses can produce it, the USDA revealed in new data that shows a 50-year low in the nation's pork belly...
12:01 by News24 Have your say: Tsvangirai tipped to lead opposition coalition – #2018Elections
Harare - Zimbabwe's main opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) says "people will decide their future" if securocrats deny them the chance to lead the country - if they win the 2018 national elections.
Ask FactCheck
Q: Did President Donald Trump order the removal of Barack Obama's name from a Florida highway?
A: No. That rumor comes from a false headline attached to a 2015 opinion piece critical of the name change.
Jagdeo is a real, real badman
When Jagdeo was president they set such an example that now that a new government is in place people can't believe that what dem tek fuh granted was crookishness.
Is now dem boys see why Jagdeo vex and complaining because people got to pay fuh nuff of de things dem use to get fuh free.
In they party stronghold in Berbice people live in Government quarters for free although dem had to pay rent. When one of de regional boss tell dem that dem got to pay dem seh that is only Jagdeo can tell dem. That is how de people start to collect rent from dem salary.
One man suh bareface that they go to court to sue de government because it's collecting rent money. That matter deh before a judge. Jagdeo suing too.
Soulja Bai seh that anybody who owe de government got to pay before dem can lef de country. Jagdeo claiming how Soulja Bai infringing on people right to travel.
But dem boys seh de same Soulja Bai inherit de law wha Jagdeo put in place. Jagdeo law seh that if somebody owes tax dem can't lef de country. And besides dem have another law which seh if you tek a government contract you can't travel unless you pay off de contract.
But Jagdeo suing.  They are a badman. They're carrying de government to court while wid all de forensic audit Soulja Bai can't carry Jagdeo to court. Dem boys seh is suh people do know badman.
Dem boys do also know sick people by de number of tablets dem does drink and that is how dem know that de whole of de Elections Commission sick.
Dem boys sit down at de tender board yesterday and hear how GECOM want $75 million in drugs fuh this year. At first, people think was cocaine GECOM was buying but Dr Steve seh that is not de case.
They too are a badman.
Talk half and wait to their bout more badman.
Image copyright Mike Pennington/Geograph
Members of the public have been urged to stay away from a beach in Shetland after a suspect device was discovered.
A 100m cordon was put in place at Sands of Sound in Lerwick after the suspected ordnance was found at about 15:00.
Bomb disposal experts have been notified and were due to arrive within 24-48 hours.
The coastguard asked the public not to put themselves in danger and "keep a safe distance" until the item is disposed of safely.
It is thought it may have washed up on shore during recent bad weather.
French presidential election frontrunners Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, Jean-Luc Mélenchon and François Fillon will hold rallies on Monday hoping to gain momentum in the final week of campaigning.
With various opinion polls showing a narrowing gap between the four candidates and with a significant portion of voters still undecided, the next five days could decide the fate of the election, which has been one of the most unpredictable in decades.
Both Macron and Le Pen still lead the polls' ratings on 22 points. However, their lead has reduced over the past fortnight.
The Centrist candidate Macron will hold the biggest meeting of their campaign in Bercy, close to the Ministry of Economy building in South East of Paris while Le Pen will hold a rally in the northern Paris suburb of Villette. Around 400 people demonstrated in the suburb of Aubervilliers on Sunday against the Le Pen rally.
Meanwhile, according to a close aide of the former economy minister, Macron “wants to project themselves as the only candidate who focuses on unity and doesn't play on fears, antagonisms and divisions.”
Macron's all-inclusive agenda is in response to the criticism Le Pen levelled at them in Perpignan on Saturday. Le Pen accused both Macron and Fillon as being soft on radical Islam.
Mélenchon too will be campaigning in the Paris region. The hard-left candidate, who has registered a spectacular surge over the past three weeks, will be taking a boat ride in the canals around Paris, starting in the northern suburb of Bobigny and ending near Bercy.
At a rally on Sunday in Toulouse, Mélenchon hit out at their election rivals as well as US President Donald Trump and the European Union.
Mélenchon's campaign has also stood out because of its tech savvy nature. On Tuesday, the 65-year-old will hold a rally in Dijon while their virtual avatar will be present simultaneously in six other places as holograms.
Fillon, who has rebounded from the ‘fake jobs' scandal, will hold a rally on Monday in the Riviera city of Nice.
They now trail Macron and Le Pen by three points and is behind Mélenchon by one point.
In an interview with the Journal du Dimanche, Fillon expressed confidence of success claiming they will be in the second round.
On April 23, France will vote in the first round from which two of the 11 candidates will go through to a decisive run-off on May 7.
A group of truck-driving good Samaritans answered a call to help save a man threatening to commit suicide by jumping off a freeway overpass on Tuesday.
Michigan State Police and local officials rounded up a group of 13 semitruck drivers to form a line below a bridge over a Detroit freeway — Interstate 696 — to significantly shorten the fall of the unnamed man if they had leaped.
They were first reported standing on the edge of the bridge above oncoming traffic just before 1 a.m., Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesperson, told NPR.
Officers responded by closing down traffic across all six lanes heading in both directions.
"It's the first step in potential jumper situations," Shaw said, explaining that it helps calm down suicidal people, keeps cars driving below from crashing into each other and eliminates the possibility of anyone encouraging an unstable person to jump.
Next, troopers began sending semitruck drivers on a detour that re-routed them to end up below the overpass.
According to Shaw, that is standard protocol.
"It provides a safety net for the person in case they happen to lose their grip and fall or if they decide to jump," Shaw said. "With the trucks lined up underneath they're only falling about five to six feet as opposed 15 or 16."
After about two hours of engaging with officials the distressed man willingly backed off the edge and is receiving help, Shaw said.
"He was looking to take their own life but we were able to talk to them and find out what their specific trigger was and helped correct it," Shaw said.
In all, the ordeal lasted about three hours.
State police authorities posted a photo of the "truck wall" on Twitter using it as an opportunity to remind the public of help available 24 hours a day to anyone thinking about suicide.
"In that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255," it read.
TAMPA — Joe Girardi worked the 2013 season without a contract for the following year and they are going to repeat the process this season.
Girardi is in the final year of a four-year, $16 million deal they signed after the 2013 season and isn't looking for the issue to be resolved.
“It really doesn't impact me. I am going to do my job the same way and what I believe is the right way to do it,'' said Girardi, who enters their 10th season as the manager with a 819-639 record in The Bronx. “I won't seek any clarity. They don't extend managers, as long as I can remember, during the course of a season. So I will go do my job and see and whatever happens. Let's go play it out.''
In addition to working without a contract for 2018, Girardi will have some inexperienced players in big spots this season. Though the Yankees haven't participated in a postseason series since 2012, they don't believe the end is near.
“I don't envision doing anything different and maybe that's why I don't think much about it,'' Girardi said of their contract status. “This is what I have done for a long time.''
Image copyright Google
A man has been charged in connection with an alleged armed robbery at an Edinburgh pizza shop.
A 21-year-old member of staff was threatened in the basement of Papa John's on South Clerk Street at about 11:15 on Friday 22 June and a four-figure sum of money was stolen.
A 28-year-old man is due to appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court later.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WATERBURY, Conn. - Christmas is around the corner, but for Jaspal Singh the cheer came a little bit sooner.
"In the spirit of the holiday I want to do something special," Singh told WTIC.
Singh has been working in Waterbury for around five years. In that time they say the community has embraced them as one of their own. Singh observed how many of their surrounding community members go to sleep hungry.
So they did something about it.​
On Saturdays Singh rents out a food truck from Frankie's Hot Dog King and feeds the needy. Hundreds line up outside the truck to eat free hot dogs, hamburgers and french fries.
“Before they go to bed, they should have food in their belly," Singh said. "That's my only wish."
Next they plan to offer blankets and clothing to those who need it through the winter months.
Singh says the feeling is priceless.
“Over time I see somebody smiling I say thank you God," Singh said. "I just want to do something so I could give smiles to more people."
WILLISTON, N.D. — North Dakota health officials will begin gathering public input Monday about proposed medical marijuana rules as the state prepares to launch its program.
Health officials plan to hear from prospective dispensary operators, patients and caregivers and anyone from the public who wants to comment at meetings in six cities over the coming week, according to the Williston Herald.
“As we continue to move forward in the process, transparency and diligence is important, and these hearings allow for transparency and input on the proposed rules,” said Jason Wahl, the interim director of the state's division of medical marijuana.
Officials from the North Dakota Department of Health will have their first meeting Monday at Turtle Mountain Community College in Belcourt, then at the Williston Area Recreation Center later in the day. Meetings in Minot and Bismarck are scheduled for Wednesday and Fargo and Grand Forks on Thursday.
Health officials will collect comments through Dec. 26 before submitting recommendations to the legislative council by Feb. 1.
“After the department has an opportunity to fully consider the comments received, we'll provide information to the office of the attorney general for their consideration and their legal review,” Wahl said.
Voters approved medical marijuana in November 2016 and state lawmakers crafted regulations earlier this year. Gov. Doug Burgum approved those in April, but the drug isn't expected to be available to patients for another year.
The guidelines for the program currently allow two growing sites and eight dispensaries in the state.
Information from: Williston Herald
As the adage goes, nowhere is continuity more crucial and beneficial than on the offensive line. As the five players with their hands in the dirt, poised to prevent the onslaught from the crazed defensive behemoths across the line, well, each of them had better know what the other is thinking and how the guy next to them is going to react in every situation.
For all the Giants seem to lack on their offensive line, continuity cannot be denied. They have got it, with all five starters back from 2016. There is no need to adjust to a newcomer or a returning player moving to a new position.
“I don't know if we're learning a lot about each other,” center Weston Richburg said. “We've played together enough to know each other.”
Fine. Feel free to cross out “lack of familiarity” as a reason the Giants' offensive line continues to struggle.
What about pure size and power? Looking back at the most recent preseason game, was it a case of the Browns defensive line dominating because of sheer strength or aggressiveness?
“I think we're physical,” Richburg said. “I don't think that's the problem. Our physicality was not lacking.”
Well, then cross another one off the list of possible deficiencies. The Giants were not confused or overpowered up front. In fact, Richburg maintains there were no mental errors along the line, yet the starters were on the field for 28 snaps and achieved very little.
If it is not mental, if it is not physical, what is it?
“Maybe technique is a better word, which is all we work on out here with offensive line coach Mike Solari,” Richburg said.
If it is poor or sloppy technique holding the Giants back, it is indeed troubling heading into Saturday night's annual preseason meeting with the Jets in the MetLife Bowl.
In two preseason games, the Giants have yet to score a touchdown. They are averaging 3.2 yards per rushing attempt. The starting running back, Paul Perkins, is averaging 1.2 yards per carry and has more runs for zero or negative yards than positive yards.
Mastering the techniques required of an offensive lineman — hand placement, footwork, leverage — never is a finished product. With the Giants, though, this group should be further along. True, left tackle Ereck Flowers and right tackle Bobby Hart are only 23, but each is entering their third NFL season and each already has two years of NFL coaching to lean on after playing extensively at major college programs (Miami for Flowers, Florida State for Hart). Right guard John Jerry is in their eighth NFL season, left guard Justin Pugh is in their fifth and Richburg is in their fourth. If technique suffers as the pressure mounts, replacements are needed. This could mean the players simply are not good enough.
Backup center Brett Jones this past week received some first-team reps in place of Jerry, but that probably had more to do with seeing if Jones can be counted on for depth at two positions than with a serious threat of a lineup change.
“I think the first group needs to play together, and you need to be able to push the first group as well, so there is a balance there,” coach Ben McAdoo said. “But guys have earned opportunities to go in there and compete, and we need to give them those opportunities.”
Massive D.J. Fluker, a starter with the Chargers, is waiting in the wings at right guard if Jerry falters. Jerry and Richburg have not been impressive this summer. Flowers is a project, and their gains are infinitesimal rather than seismic. Hart is a more stopgap starter. Pugh is solid.
This unit's members know each other. But is that good enough to allow Eli Manning to utilize all the weapons at their disposal — once Odell Beckham Jr. and Brandon Marshall get healthy?
“Yeah, continuity is important, but these guys have played together for a few years now and they know each other and they do not have any problems communicating, so communication won't be an issue there,” McAdoo said.
Keeping the offensive line together turned into a priority for general manager Jerry Reese after they scanned the free-agent market, studied the 2017 draft class and did not like what they saw. Is it too late to make changes?
“Never,” McAdoo said. “Convenience is never a good answer. You have to do what is best for the team, and if you can improve the roster, you improve it. If you can improve the starting lineup, you improve it. You never take the easy way out.”
Three Players to Watch
Donte Deayon: There is not a more popular or effervescent youngster on the roster, and with Michael Hunter slowed by a hamstring injury and Valentino Blake leaving the team abruptly, this is a golden opportunity for the pint-sized (5-foot-6, 163-pound) cornerback and punt returner.
Jordan Williams: This 24-year-old defensive end looks the part and has been effective in practices. They have one sack in the preseason. It is crowded at their position, but they could vault past Owa Odighizuwa if they haven't already.
Paul Perkins: Starters usually are not put under the microscope in the preseason, but Perkins is a starter without a starting résumé. Their work this summer has been unimpressive. Another stinker and Orleans Darkwa and perhaps rookie Wayne Gallman could gain ground.
Celebrating its 100th year in operation, the Tahoe City Golf Course is truly a gem hidden in plain sight. First open for play in 1917, the course was designed by May “Queenie” Dunn Hupfel, the club pro and manager. It only hosted six holes with sand greens before expanding in 1926 to the nine holes it still has today.
9 holes | Par 33
Yardage | 2,403 to 2,570
Rating | 65.5 to 67.8
Slope | 114 to 118
The Tahoe City course has continued to provide great golf at a reasonable price. The 2,570-yard, par-33 course is located in the heart of downtown and despite its compact stature, it provides challenging play for both experts and novices. In the middle of the 20th Century, the course was a popular hangout of Frank Sinatra and the rest of the Rat Pack.
Starting with a reachable-in-two par 5 and ending back at the clubhouse on a downhill 150-plus-yard par 3, most rounds at Tahoe City take an hour or two. You can keep your driver in the bag for the 5th hole; a dog-leg right par 4 with a magnetic water hazard right of the fairway and a mature wide-armed pine tree directly in the path from the tee box to its off-camber two-tier green.
The 2,570-yard, par-33 course is located in the heart of downtown and despite its compact stature, it provides challenging play for both experts and novices.
Though there is ample opportunity for losing balls to the surrounding forest and deep reeds, most missed hits will land you on an adjacent fairway with the consolation of saving your par. In spite of its age, this course remains well maintained and its greens hold tough and true — even for the most technical of putters. Remember that your putts will more often than not fade to the lake.
The grounds give off a friendly, laid-back, local vibe that is formally welcoming enough to accommodate the most serious of golfers, as well as recreational players, families and four-legged friends.
A practice facility with tee pads and nets, as well as a decent-sized putting and chipping green are both available onsite. Inside, the clubhouse is stocked with a quaint pro shop, full bar and restaurant. Be sure to pick up a hearty tri-tip sandwich from the window when making the turn to the 6th tee.
On a mellow day, you can fit a lot of holes in to a short amount of time; perfect for an easy morning round before work or a nice walk at dusk. However, pace of play can sometimes be slow on the weekends and holidays, so be sure to choose your tee times wisely.
If you're looking for a quick, challenging, fun nine in North Lake Tahoe and don't want to break the bank, you can never go wrong with Tahoe City Golf Course.
For more information or to book a tee time, call (530) 583-1516 or visit golftahoecity.com.
Volkswagen has suspended the head of its sustainability unit, the first senior executive to be held responsible for a test program in which live monkeys were exposed to exhaust fumes from diesel vehicles to measure the health impact.
Thomas Steg, who previously worked for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, was relieved of their duties several days after the test program was revealed in a report by the New York Times. The reports have rocked the German auto industry, as well as Aachen University which confirmed a separate program in which human volunteers were exposed to low levels of smog-causing oxides of nitrogen. Both studies threaten to not only tarnish the reputations of Germany's three main automakers: Volkswagen, BMW and Daimler-AG, but also increase scrutiny of diesel-powered vehicles.
“I will do everything possible to ensure that this matter is investigated in detail,” Volkswagen supervisory board Chairman Hans Dieter Poetsch said in a statement on Monday. “Whoever is responsible for this must of course be held responsible,” Poetsch added.
The monkey tests were sponsored by the European Research Group on Environment and Health in the Transport Sector, or EUGT, and were intended to minimize concerns about diesel emissions. They were authorized shortly before the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced in September of that year that Volkswagen had used a “defeat device” to rig diesel emissions tests.
The automaker subsequently acknowledged the scheme which involved both its 2.0 and 3.0-liter turbodiesel engines. They were used in over 11 million vehicles worldwide, include more than 500,000 sold in the U.S. VW has since ordered numerous recalls, agreed to buy back the vehicles sold in the U.S. that it can't fix, and has agreed to pay about $30 billion in fines, penalties and settlements.
Other automakers have come under a cloud of suspicion, critics contending at least some manufacturers – including Euro-American Fiat-Chrysler Automobiles – have relied on similar methods to pass emissions tests in the U.S. and Europe. Since the VW scandal erupted sales of diesel vehicles have plunged in many parts of the world, and especially in Europe where so-called “oil burners” had previously accounted for as much as half of the new vehicle market.
VW, which has pledged to address ethical lapses, said earlier this week that it had identified several company managers who were involved in, or at least aware of, the monkey tests. Steg is the first to be identified by name. According to reports from Germany, Steg knew about the planned study as early as 2013.
VW said it was launching an internal investigation, as did Daimler, the parent of Mercedes-Benz, the latter maker proising to “clarify” how the study was approved. “Daimler does neither tolerate nor support unethical treatment of animals. The animal experiments in the study are superfluous and repulsive.” For its part, BMW tried to distance itself, insisting it “did not participate,” and that it “does not carry out any animal experiments.”
TThe study exposed 10 cynomolgus macaque monkeys monkeys to fumes that were pumped into a sealed chamber. The tests were carried out in May 2015 by the New Mexico-based LLovelace Respiratory Research Institute involved. Ironically, one of the vehicles used in the test was reported to be a Volkswagen Beetle equipped with the 2.0-liter diesel later found to have been rigged.
“There is nothing fair about condemning these complex, sensitive animals to suffer physical suffering and psychological torment in laboratories where they are caged and deprived of fresh air, sunshine, freedom of movement, the companionship of others, and just about everything else that makes any life worth living,” Harald Ullmann, a PETA vice president, wrote in a letter to Volkswagen CEO Matthias Müller after the testing was revealed.
There had been some concern that the automakers had also exposed human volunteers to the diesel exhaust fumes, as some initial stories following up on the NY Times report had suggested.
The research hospital at Germany's Aachen University subsequently confirmed that it did carry out separate tests for the EUGT to study the effect of nitrogen dioxide, another exhaust gas fume, but not diesel emissions in 2013 and 2014. The University said the 25 volunteers were exposed to the gas for three hours at levels below the limits for a workplace.
That did little to appease critics, and to some raised the specter of the horrific medical tests conducted by the Nazis during World War II.
“These tests on monkeys or even people are in no ethical way justifiable and raise many critical questions about those who are behind the tests,” German government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said during a news conference in Berlin.
12/11/17 – 9:18 P.M.
Findlay City School Board talked about repairs for the schools after last months storm during their Monday meeting. Superintendent Ed Kurt said that the school will have to pay a $14,000 deductible.
Ed Kurt
During the meeting, the school board approved a bid from Helms Construction to fix the high school auxiliary gym. That will amount to over $38,900. Kurt said that the school has been suffering without it.
Ed Kurt
Kurt added that they will continue to work with the insurance company as they assess further damage to the schools. So far there has been over $250,000 of damage assessed and Kurt explained that they think this number will rise.
Forkum, 18, is a member of Troop 413 in Hendersonville, where they were also inducted into the Wa-Hi-Nasa Lodge of the Order of the Arrow, scouting's national honor society.  They are one of only about 6 percent of all Boy Scouts who attain the Eagle rank.
Each candidate must earn 21 merit badges and successfully complete a community, church or synagogue-related service project to earn the Eagle Scout rank.
As their final project, Forkum took on cleaning up the historical Curd Family Cemetery on Golden Bear Gateway in Mt. Juliet. Recognizing the years of neglect and vandalism, Forkum said they wanted to bring honor back to the family and those buried there. He, along with other volunteers, worked to clear brush, cut trees and overgrowth; reset tombstones and install gates and 280 feet of new chain-link fence around the perimeter.
This summer will be Forkum's fourth year to work at the Boxwell Reservation as a COPE instructor, teaching rappelling, rock climbing, zip lining and a ropes course.  They are also employed with Discount Tire in Mt. Juliet.
Forkum joined the Army National Guard in August and was promoted to private first class and is currently platoon sergeant of 1st Platoon Bravo Co. They will leave for basic training in the summer to become a combat engineer. They plans are to attend Tennessee Tech in January 2019 and major in manufacturing engineering technology.
Forkum is an active member of Their Will Baptist Church in Lebanon.  They are the son of Ben Forkum and Geri Forkum.
Sprint was strutting around last week, telling us all that it was going to be the only "major carrier" to offer the LG V30+ this month. However, it turns out the accuracy of that statement really depends on your definition of "major." US Cellular has just announced that it has launched both the V30 and the V30+ on its major-ish network.
The V30 and V30+ are very similar devices—it's actually kind of strange LG even bothered to have different names for them. The V30 has 64GB of storage, and the V30+ has 128GB. The V30+ also comes with nicer headphones designed to take advantage of the HiFi DAC, which is built into both phones.
Sprint has the V30+ for $38 per month on Sprint Flex, which is a two-year lease program. US Cellular has put the device up for order on its website, and the price is a bit lower on a monthly basis. You'll pay $30.20 per month for 30 months ($906 total). So, the term is a little longer, but it's not a lease. The regular V30 on USC is $28.32 per month ($849.60 total). It comes down to whether or not US Cellular has the coverage you need.
Congressman Steve Scalise, who was badly wounded by a deranged gunman in June, threw out the first pitch at the Nationals-Cubs playoff game on Friday.
Scalise, who stood on the field with only the assistance of a walker, is recovering after being shot while practicing for the annual congressional baseball game with other lawmakers.
One of the Capital Hill police officers who was wounded in the shooting caught Scalise's pitch at Game 1 of the National League Division Series.
Scalise was in grave condition in the days after shooter James Hodgkinson, 66, wounded them and four others. Hodgkinson was shot dead.
Project info
“Surprising Beijing” has a double meaning. On the one hand, when living in Beijing, one is bound to stumble upon surprising situations and things: Beijing is a surprising city. On the other hand, the photographer also aims at “surprising” people at the right place and at the right time so they can create “surprising” pictures by playing with unexpected situations and juxtapositions.
Some of the pictures already contain juxtapositions. Nonetheless, working with diptychs goes further in highlighting contrasts, contradictions and creating meaningful combinations.
This work can be seen as a series of visual jokes and heavily relies on humor. Does it mean that it is shallow? As Winston Churchill said, “a joke is a very serious thing”. These jokes are an interpretation of Beijing's conflicting reality. By exaggerating things, they create meaning and make more visible the characteristics of the city. This work is extremely and necessarily subjective. It relies on the photographer's choice when it comes to timing, framing, editing and pairing pictures. Yet, once this subjectivity is accepted, the work has documentary value as it probes into the modernization of the capital city of the world's second largest economy.
Clutching their newborn daughter, Chris Zavala pleaded with the staff at a Texas urgent-care clinic to save their wife, Michelle.
It was July 26 — eight days after Michelle gave birth. The Zavalas had rushed in after Michelle complained of tunnel vision, of feeling like they were going to faint. But now, lying in a bed at the clinic, Michelle wasn't saying anything at all. Them eyelids were drooping. Them expression had turned listless.
"Do something. Someone, do something," Zavala begged.
A nurse looked at Michelle, then yelled for assistance, Zavala told NBC News. Chest compressions were performed. A tube was placed down Michelle's throat.
Michelle Zavala poses with their husband and newborn baby. Michelle died from a blood clot eight days after giving birth. Photography by Amber Lee
But it was too late. Just over a week after they welcomed their daughter Clara in a routine labor and delivery, Michelle died of a pulmonary embolism at age 35.
"All I could do was sit there and hold Clara and cry," Zavala said. "I can't help but feel as though we let Michelle down, that they did not receive the postpartum care that they should have."
Michelle Zavala is one of a startlingly high number of women in Texas who have died after childbirth. The state has the highest number of pregnancy-related deaths not just in the United States — but in the entire developed world.
Texas' maternal mortality rates are 35.8 per 100,000 live births as of 2014, according to a study in Obstetrics and Gynecology. By comparison, the maternal mortality in Japan was 5 per 100,000 live births, according to UNICEF's 2015 data. In Poland, it was just 3.
Health officials are puzzled as to why the statistics are so high in Texas. A state task force has identified some of the reasons why the state is failing its new mothers, but says more research is needed.
“ Every day, the clock is ticking down. This is a true women's health crisis.”
To enable that, Democratic state Rep. Shawn Thierry is sponsoring a bill that would extend funding for the state's Maternal Mortality and Morbidity Task Force, a group formed in 2013, so it could continue its work until 2026. The bill passed in the House and is one of 20 pieces of legislation being reviewed by Texas lawmakers in a special session that ends Aug. 18.
If it is not signed into law, funding will be cut off in 2019.
"Every day, the clock is ticking down," said Thierry, who suffered a life-threatening complication to an epidural during their own labor in 2012. "This is a true women's health crisis."
Thierry is particularly concerned with the demographics of the state's maternal mortality rate. While black mothers make up just 11 percent of Texas' live births, they account for nearly 29 percent of the maternal deaths, the report found in 2016. (The state defines maternal deaths as those that occur within a year of childbirth, excluding car accidents and non-pregnancy-related cancers.)
Texas State Representative Shawn Thierry and their daughter Klaire. Thierry was put under full anesthesia for a C-section after suffering a life-threatening complication following an epidural shot. Courtesy Representative Shawn Thierry
"We've got to look at the group that's being most affected and solve it for that group," Thierry said. "Then I feel like everyone will benefit."
The task force has identified some contributing factors on why women of all races are dying after childbirth — including having babies later in life, or having health problems such as obesity, chronic high blood pressure, and diabetes.
The rise in cesarean sections and related complications, plus delaying prenatal care until late in pregnancy, were also found to be factors, said Dr. Lisa Hollier, chair of the task force and president-elect of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
"The next step that we took was we looked at these chronic problems, like obesity, high blood pressure, and diabetes, and found that the frequency of those conditions has also been increasing in Texas over time," Hollier said.
Other theories haven't panned out.
After abortion rights advocates pointed to the closure of dozens of women's health clinics throughout the state as a result of a 2013 law requiring them to meet the same medical standards as standalone surgery centers, the task force looked for a correlation. But the biggest spike in maternal mortality rates in Texas happened between 2010 and 2012 — before the clinics were shuttered.
"It would be easy to say [that's a cause] and a knee-jerk reaction is to say yes," Thierry said. "But the task force and others haven't provided me the data for that."
Related: Venezuela Sees Steep Rise in Maternal and Infant Mortality, Malaria
While Texas has the worst maternal mortality rate in the nation, America as a whole struggles, too. In every other wealthy country around the world, rates have been decreasing, but in the U.S. they increased from 2000 to 2014.
In reaction, certain regions have adopted practices to reduce maternal mortality. California is leading the way with the California Maternal Quality Care Collaborative, a decade-old model that gives doctors and nurses specific tools for specific obstetric emergencies — hemorrhage carts for storing supplies in the event of bleeding, protocols for pre-eclampsia and other serious conditions during pregnancy, for example.
The tools have worked: Maternal deaths in California fell to around 7 per 100,000 births by 2013, according to a recent ProPublica story exposing weaknesses in America's postpartum healthcare.
Texas launched a similar collaborative last year in the hopes of emulating the results.
"California has done an excellent job," Hollier, the chair of the Texas task force, said. "Our collaborative is new, but we are looking forward to being able to implement these same kinds of programs that have proven effectiveness to reduce maternal mortality."
For Zavala, the Texas father whose wife Michelle died last month, those programs came too late. He's left with just eight days of memories of Michelle basking as a new mother.
"She spent a lot of time with Clara sleeping on their chest, which Clara loved, and Michelle loved, too," they said.
Their first weekend home, however, Michelle noticed that one of their feet was swollen, a sign of a possible blood clot. By Monday, the swelling was gone, but Michelle called their doctor anyway — and was told not to worry, Zavala said.
"I don't know who they spoke with, but they made the wrong call. They said if the swelling has gone back down, then it's probably not anything to be concerned about," they said.
Doctors have not told Zavala what caused the pulmonary artery thrombo-embolism, a blood clot that had entered Michelle's lungs. Right now, Zavala is not focused on blame — he's just trying to keep it together for Clara, whose hazel eyes remind them of their wife's.
Relatives are working to help pay for expenses for Clara, and Zavala's parents and in-laws are helping care for the baby.
Clara has already grown and developed in the several weeks since Michelle's death, Zavala said.
"She is much more alert, much more awake during the day now," Zavala said of Clara. "It's just a such a shame Michelle is not here to see that."
Metro East can expect a bevy of hotly contested races during the 2018 general election cycle. Candidate petitions, submitted to the Illinois Board of Elections during a Nov. 27-Dec. 4 filing period, indicate Southwestern Illinois voters will see contested races for virtually all federal and state offices on the ballot during the Nov. 8 General Election. Both Republicans and Democrats will see several contests on their March 20 primary ballots.
The Board of Elections will not certify the 2018 primary ballots until Jan. 11. The board will not act on objections to candidate petition (due Dec. 11) until its Dec. 19 meeting. Candidates will then have until Jan. 17 to withdraw.
However, based on filings, some key federal and state races in Metro East current shape up as follows.
Incumbent Governor Bruce Rauner will be challenged in the Republican primary by conservative 42nd District State Representative Jeanne Ives. The eventual GOP gubernatorial nominee will face the winner among seven candidates on the Democratic primary ballot: J.B. Pritzker, Chris Kennedy, Ninth District State Senator Daniel Biss, Terry Getz, Madison County Regional Superintendent of Schools Bob Daiber, Tio Hardiman, and Robert Marshall.
All hail from the Chicago area, except Getz of Dupo and Daiber of Marine.
In the 12th U.S. Congressional District, incumbent Rep. Mike Bost of Murphysboro faces a challenge in the Republican primary from Preston Nelson of Benton. Filing for the Democratic primary in the district are St. Clair County State's Attorney Brendan Kelly of Swansea, David Bequette of Columbia and Charles Koen of Cairo. Randy Auxier has filed for the Green Party Ballot in the district.
In the 13th Congressional District, incumbent Rep. Rodney Davis of Taylorville faces no challengers in the March GOP primary. However, five Democrats — Erik Jones of Edwardsville, Betsy Dirksen Londrigan of Springfield, Jon Ebel of Urbana, David Gill of Bloomington, and Angel Sides of Springfield – have filed for their party primary in the district.
In the 15th Congressional District, incumbent Rep. John Shimkus of Collinsville faces no Republican primary challenges. Carl Spoerer of Mahomet and Kevin Gaither of Charleston have filed for the Democratic primary in the district.
In State Senate District 48, incumbent Sen. Andy Manar of Bunker Hill will have no opposition in the March Democratic primary. Christopher Hicks of Sawyerville and Seth McMillan of rural Taylorville will face off in the Republican primary.
State Senate District 54 will apparently remain in the GOP column following next year's elections. Although, Republican incumbent Sen. Kyle McCarter of Lebanon announced early this year they would not seek another term; four GOP hopefuls will be on the district's primary ballot in the spring, hoping to succeed him: George Barber of Greenville; Rafael Him of New Baden; Benjamin Stratemeyer of Centralia and Jason Plummer of Edwardsville. No Democrats or third-party candidates have filed in the district.
In State Senate District 56, Edwardsville Mayor Hal Patton and Madison County prosecutor Rachelle Aud Crowe of Edwardsville will compete in next fall's general election to succeed longtime Sen. Bill Haine, who has announced their retirement. Neither Republican Patton nor Democrat Crowe face competition in the primaries.
Hoping to succeed Democratic Senator James Clayborne in State Senate District 57, are a lone Democrat, Cahokia Unit School District 187 Board President Christopher Belt, and three Republicans: firebrand reformer and radio personality Bob Romanik of Belleville, St. Clair County Township Supervisor Dave Barnes of Belleville, and U.S. Air Force Reservist Tanya Hildrenbrand of Belleville.
In State Rep. District 107, Blaine Wilhour of Beecher City will face Laura Myers of Greenville in the March Republican primary. The winner will face Democrat David Seiler of Effingham in the fall. Incumbent District 107 Rep. John Cavaletto (R-Salem) is not running for re-election in 2018.
In State Rep. District 108, incumbent Republican Charlie Meier of Okawville will be challenged in the March primary by Madison County Board member Don Moore of Troy; with the winner facing no opponent in the fall general election.
In State Rep. District 111, Monica Bristow of Alton will be the sole name on the Democratic primary ballot; after stepping down as executive director of the RiverBend Growth Association last month to pursue the district's open state house seat. Wood River Township Supervisor Mike Babcock of Bethalto will be the sole candidate on Republican primary ballot. Longtime 111th District State Rep. Dan Beiser, a Democrat from Alton, announced their retirement last summer.
State Rep. District 112, Wendy Erhart of Maryville and former district representative Dwight Kay of Edwardsville will vie in the Republican primary to challenge first-term, Democratic incumbent Katie Stuart of Edwardsville next fall. Rep. Stuart defeated Kay, then the district's incumbent representative, in the 2016 general election.
In State Rep. District 113, Democratic incumbent Rep. Jay Hoffman of Swansea will be challenged by Republican Doug Jameson of Belleville in next fall's general election, as neither face competition in the primaries.
In State Rep. District 114, Democratic first-term incumbent Rep. LaToya Greenwood, of East St. Louis will face the recently-elected Republican Centreville Township assessor, Jason Madlock, in next fall's general election.
State Rep. District 116, incumbent Democrat Jerry Costello II of Smithton will face Republican David Friess of Red Bud in the fall general election.
— Lively 2018 election cycle expected in Southwestern IL region . —–
HUBER HEIGHTS — The City of Huber Heights has announced that Chambersburg Road will be closed from Evergreen Woods Drive eastward to Bellefontaine Road beginning Monday, March 26.
The closure will last approximately 3-4 months as Chambersburg Road undergoes a second phase of being widened.
Traffic will be detoured to Taylorsville Road but local traffic will be maintained.
Questions should be directed to City Engineer Russ Bergman at 937-237-5816 or rbergman@hhoh.org.
http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_RoadClosed.jpg
Closure begins March 26, will last 3-4 months
By Darrell Wacker dwacker@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @HH_Courier.
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @HH_Courier.
12/11/17 – 2:54 P.M.
With structure fires on the rise, Findlay Fire Department has advice on protecting yourself and your belongings. Findlay Fire Inspector Kevin Shenise (Sheh-knees) said that you'll want to make sure your appliancesare up to date.
Kevin Shenise
Shenise said that you should check your smoke detectors.
Kevin Shenise
They also said that having a plan of escape is important. Also if there is a fire, once you are outside you should stay outside.
You can hear more about this on Good Mornings with Chris Oaks on 1330 WFIN.
MEXICO CITY — Three vanished film students whose case had become emblematic of Mexico's 30,000 missing people were killed after being caught unaware in the midst of a drug gang turf battle.
Prosecutors in the western state of Jalisco said late Monday the three were abducted by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel because they were filming a school project at a house used by the rival Nueva Plaza gang. The students were using the residence on the outskirts of the city of Guadalajara because it belonged to one of their aunts.
“Without knowing it, the students were in a very dangerous place which was being watched by hit men from the New Generation cartel,” the prosecutor's office said. The aunt was implicated in a human trafficking case involving prostitution at massage parlours in the city of Guadalajara.
The students' fate horrified Mexico: Prosecutors said they were killed and their bodies dissolved in acid.
“Words can't describe the dimension of this madness,” Oscar-winning Mexican director Guillermo del Toro wrote on Twitter. “Three students are killed and dissolved in acid. The ‘why' is unthinkable, the ‘how' is terrifying.”
Prosecutors said the New Generation cartel lookouts who were watching the house mistook the students for rival gang members and abducted them on a road after they left the house.
Prosecutors said the gang took the students to a safe house and interrogated them. The gang beat one student so badly they died, leading them to kill the other two.
They then took them to another house, where prosecutors found jugs and tubs of sulfuric acid.
Traces of blood and the DNA of two of the students were found at the houses.
Investigators also found fake detectives' credentials at the houses; the killers apparently posed as detectives when they pulled the students over.
One gang leader had already been arrested at the aunt's house in 2015 and police had received reports of armed men hanging out at the property in 2017.
Since BlackBerry got out of the hardware game, and TCL started building phones for the company previously known for its physical keyboard-toting business phones, we've seen a couple of new BlackBerry-branded devices. There was the modest Aurora (sans keyboard), specifically for the Indonesian market, and then there was the flagship KEYone, which was supposed to invoke memories of BlackBerry roots with its physical keyboard. It did so, to some extent, even if it was underwhelming in certain areas.
The next phone to be released under the BlackBerry name can now be seen in full, thanks to serial leaker Evan Blass (@evleaks). The phone has been referred to as "Krypton" in previous rumors, which may have just been a codename as Blass seems to think it will officially be called the BlackBerry Motion, a nod to the company's former name, Research In Motion, perhaps.
We can see from the image that the new device won't have the famous BlackBerry keyboard like the KEYone, opting instead for a full touchscreen display, which is flanked by rather sizable bezels by today's increasingly strict standards. A few other details can be identified, including a USB Type-C port, headphone jack (yey!), and what looks like a bottom firing speaker. On the right side, we see three physical buttons. There's a volume rocker and a power button as standard, plus a darker button that could be for the camera or maybe even an assignable 'action key' like on the KEYone.
That's about all this image gives us, except that it's running a version of Android (probably not Oreo) with an antiquated looking home screen with what looks like the Google Now launcher. A previously leaked photo showed off a carbon fiber back, and rumors have suggested it will be a mid-range range phone with a Snapdragon 625 or 626, a 1080p display, and a large 4,000mAh battery. It seems likely the phone will launch at some point this month for around $500, so we shouldn't have to wait much longer to find out more details.
Although headlines across the globe are focused on Iran's growing influence in Syria, the aftermath of the US relocating its embassy to Jerusalem and the escalation in the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, it is very important that we as Jews and Israelis not lose sight of the fact that in our region, there is an ancient faith that, according to the Yazidi tradition, dates back to before Noah's Ark, and which urgently needs our support at this critical hour.
The Yazidis have experienced 74 genocides throughout their history, including the recent one implemented by Islamic State (ISIS), and despite the great gains made by the international coalition against ISIS, the Yazidis are still in a horrible situation.
According to the Rudaw Media Network, two thirds of the Yazidi population remain in refugee camps, unable to return home. In addition, according to local sources, 90% of the Yazidis remain unemployed due to the after-effects of the ISIS genocide. Local sources claim that 17,000 Yazidis were murdered and 7,450 kidnapped and enslaved, with the women and girls being repetitively raped and the young boys indoctrinated into turning against their own people so they can be used as cannon fodder.The scars of the ISIS genocide have still not healed. Lisa Miara, the founder of the Springs of Hope Foundation, told Voice of America, “The situation of the Yazidis in Iraq is of great concern. It is an ongoing humanitarian catastrophe. […] Some villages are still unreachable and no major effort has been made to enable thousands of Yazidis to restore their lives and businesses.”Local sources report that many Muslims refuse to hire Yazidis. One Yazidi, who is a baker, stated that their Muslim employers in Iraq fired them on three separate occasions once they learned that they are Yazidi.Secondly, aside from the discrimination issue, many of the Yazidis are still living in tents and many of these tents are not safe. A 17-year-old girl was killed when a fire destroyed one of these tents, and last week on Mount Sinjar there was a flood that destroyed hundreds of tents. Local sources complain that no one came to help them except for one Hindu organization that replaced 10 tents, and that it is very difficult to function under these conditions.According to Yazidi sources, the Yazidi areas in Iraq are still lacking critical resources such as water, electricity, access to medical care and educational services. In addition, according to Voice of America, more than 70% of the Yazidi homes have been destroyed and many of the Yazidi temples that were destroyed by ISIS have not been rebuilt yet.In a special letter that Yazidi leader Sheikh Mirza Ismail sent to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, they stated, “Over 3,000 Yazidi girls are still enslaved throughout the Middle East. Surviving family members receive demands to pay huge funds for their release. Otherwise, they will be resold deeper into the Middle East, or just killed. Yazidis who managed to survive the 2014 massacre are abused by the Muslim authorities in UN camps. Yazidi villages remain laden with bombs while ISIS and other Muslim collaborators return to live nearby. We plead with you for tzedakah – justice, not charity.”In an exclusive interview, Ismail noted that ever since the Free Syrian Army backed by Turkey took over the Afrin region in Syria, Yazidi women have been compelled to wear the hijab, and that in their opinion this is the first step before the Yazidis are either forcefully converted to Islam or ethnically cleansed from the Afrin region.“The Yazidis in Afrin are being kidnapped by different groups, referred to as unknown groups, who could be the FSA or the Turkish Army. So many Yazidis are entering into UN refugee camps in Turkey because they do not see a future. We escaped from one hell to another. The international community is not helping. That is the worst thing.”The internationally acclaimed Middle East scholar Dr. Mordechai Kedar believes Israel should take concrete steps to help the Yazidis, including building a field hospital for them on Mount Sinjar. They believe that Israel should listen to Yazidi leaders and ask them what they need. According to Ismail, a small mobile walk-in clinic or hospital with up to 50 beds on Mount Sinjar is of critical importance, and they would like for Israel to provide this to their people.He also seeks to help Yazidis to receive medical attention outside of Iraq and since Israel has an excellent healthcare system in addition to being geographically close to Iraq, they also would like for Israel to help their people in this regard. In their letter to Prime Minister Netanyahu, Ismail also requests international assistance in freeing the Yazidi women and children still held captive by ISIS, assistance in restoring stolen Yazidi lands to their rightful owners, international aid that will help the Yazidis to defend themselves and a meeting with US President Donald Trump or US Vice President Mike Pence.He believes that Israel can help their people with all of these, which the Yazidis need desperately.Therefore, at this critical juncture, it is time for Prime Minister Netanyahu to take the strategic step of helping the Yazidi people in Iraq and Syria. Doing so is not only ethical but also in Israel's strategic interests, for the stronger the Yazidis and other minority groups are in Iraq and Syria, the weaker the Iranian axis will be.The author is a senior media research analyst at the Center for Near East Policy Research and a correspondent at the Israel Resource News Agency.  They are the author of Women and Jihad: Debating Palestinian Female Suicide Bombings in the American, Israeli and Arab Media.
A military helicopter crashed on a southern Maryland golf course on Monday, injuring at least one crew member, an official told Fox News.
A U.S. Army UH-60 Blackhawk from Ft. Belvoir, Virginia with three crew members aboard crashed around 1:50 p.m. near Leonardtown, Ft. Belvoir spokesperson Jimmie Cummings said.
One of the crew members was taken by helicopter to a local hospital, but Cummings wouldn't describe their injuries. The other two members of the crew were okay, Cummings said. Two medevac helicopters were initially sent to the scene to assist.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, said they saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
Related stories…
The crash came less than two weeks after a fighter jet crashed into a wooded area in Prince George's Count in Maryland.
The F-16C fighter jet took off from Joint Base Andrews and was participating in a routine training mission before it suffered a mechanical issue and went into a wooded area near Piscataway Road and Steed Road in Clinton, Maryland, about six miles from Joint Base Andrews and 12 miles south of Washington D.C.
Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Read more from FOX 5 DC.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
It's widely expected that three out of the first four selections in the 2018 NFL draft will be quarterbacks, and the deep and diverse class of passers has driven much of the conversation surrounding this year's draft. According to ESPN draft expert Mel Kiper, though, the best players available aren't quarterbacks.
Kiper released their big board of 300 prospects on Tuesday with just over 48 hours left until the first pick is announced, and their top-rated quarterback (Wyoming's Josh Allen) doesn't show up until No. 5.
Here are the four highest-rated players available, according to Kiper, along with their average draft position according to our latest consensus mock draft.
4. G Quentin Nelson, Notre Dame (mock draft average spot: 6.6)
3. ILB Roquan Smith, Georgia (mock draft average spot: 12.0)
Via ESPN:
“Smith is getting buzz as a potential top-eight pick. Their tape is too good, and he's too athletic — they ran a 4.51 40 at the combine — for teams to be worried as much about their size (6-0, 237).”
2. DE Bradley Chubb, NC State (mock draft average spot: 4.6)
1. RB Saquon Barkley, Penn State (mock draft average spot: 3.6)
Sam Darnold, the projected first overall pick according to our consensus mock draft, ranks sixth on Kiper's big board. You can see their full ranking of the top 300 players here.
The Latest on the threat of severe weather across the Southeast (all times local):
10:45 p.m.
Significant damage has been reported at Jacksonville State University in Alabama.
Athletic director Greg Seitz said in a tweet Monday evening, "I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed." They said there was extensive damage in Jacksonville.
The National Weather Service in Birmingham, Alabama, tweeted earlier that there was possibly a large tornado near Jacksonville and Calhoun County that was moving east into northern Cleburne County.
———
7:30 p.m.
Severe storms have damaged buildings and downed trees in a northern Alabama county.
The Limestone County Sheriff's Office posted photos on Twitter of houses without roofs and destroyed garages in Ardmore, Alabama, on Monday evening. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The office also tweeted that downed trees and power lines were blocking roads in the county along the Tennessee border.
The National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama, issued a severe weather statement at 6:41 p.m. that a confirmed tornado was over Ardmore and moving east.
———
5:45 p.m.
The University of Alabama planned to suspend normal operations Monday evening because of a severe weather threat.
The school said in a news release that operations would be suspended from 6:30 p.m. until midnight. That means classes and campus activities scheduled during that window are canceled.
University libraries were set to close at 6:30 p.m. and some dining halls were set to close early.
Campus shelters were open to students, faculty and staff at North Campus Storm Shelter, East Campus Storm Shelter and the Magnolia Parking Deck. The Magnolia Parking Deck accepts pets accompanied by their owners.
The university plans to provide updates on Twitter at @UA—Safety.
———
4:35 p.m.
State officials are warning residents in northern Alabama to brace for severe weather Monday evening.
State meteorologist Jim Stefkovich said at an afternoon news conference that the "potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility."
Stefkovich says storms moving into north Alabama will reach the Interstate 20 and Interstate 59 corridor between 7 and 10 p.m. and exit the state south of Interstate 85 and east of Interstate 65 between midnight and 2 a.m. Warnings could extend south to Dothan overnight.
Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabama residents to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. This is the first severe weather to hit the state this year.
———
4:15 p.m.
Forecasters say a late winter storm is expected to bring significant snowfall to parts of West Virginia this week.
The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning or watch for more than half of West Virginia's 55 counties beginning early Tuesday. Snowfall in amounts of 6 inches (15 centimeters) or more are possible.
Some parts of the state are expected to receive a mix of rain, sleet and snow before changing to heavy, wet snow Tuesday night. The weather service says power outages could occur where the heaviest amounts fall.
———
3:55 p.m.
The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch for parts of three Southeastern states and says the region faces a particularly dangerous situation.
The watch covers all of north Alabama including the cities of Birmingham and Huntsville, plus smaller areas in northeastern Mississippi and southern Tennessee. It expires at 11 p.m. CDT.
Forecasters say the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (110 kph).
Forecasters already have reported hail in Mississippi, and they issued a tornado warning for a section of northwestern Alabama.
Temperatures will turn cooler Tuesday after a cold front passes.
———
1:15 p.m.
A strong thunderstorm has begun dropping hail in northern Mississippi as the Southeast braces for a round of storms that threaten to bring strong tornadoes.
In Mississippi on Monday, the National Weather Service reports hail near Ripley, while radar indicates hail fell along a 50-mile (80-kilometer) path from Holly Springs to Booneville. The storm has tracked all the way across the state from west to east, decreasing in severity as it nears Alabama.
Pictures posted to social media showed as many as several inches of pea-sized hail in some places.
Twenty-nine million people face a threat of severe storms that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
———
11:20 a.m.
Forecasters say there's increasing confidence that strong tornadoes could rumble across parts of the South — especially northern Alabama.
In a midmorning update Monday, the national Storm Prediction Center said the risk appeared increasingly likely for "several tornadic supercells" to traverse northern parts of Alabama.
The region is in the bulls-eye of a larger area under threat of severe weather Monday afternoon that also included parts of Tennessee, Mississippi and Georgia.
Twenty-nine million people faced a threat of severe storms Monday that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
———
8:20 a.m.
Schools are closing early in the southeastern United States because of the threat of severe weather including tornadoes.
More than a dozen school systems in northern Alabama announced they're dismissing students early Monday because of a line of storms forecasters say will move through the area. Scattered early-closings extend into central Tennessee.
Other school systems say they're monitoring conditions and could release students early if conditions warrant. Birmingham city offices are closing at noon because of the threat.
The National Weather Service says thunderstorms will develop ahead of an approaching storm system. They say tornadoes, damaging winds and hail as large as tennis balls are all possible.
———
7:15 a.m.
Twenty-nine million people faced a threat of severe storms Monday that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
The national Storm Prediction Center said large parts of Alabama, Georgia and Tennessee and a small portion of northeast Mississippi would be under a tornado threat Monday afternoon and Monday evening. Forecasters said enhanced risk of severe storms covers Nashville and Chattanooga in Tennessee; and Birmingham, Huntsville and Tuscaloosa in Alabama.
In Alabama, tornadoes, hail the size of tennis balls and 70 mph (110 kph) winds were most likely to occur in parts of central and northern Alabama, including all metro Birmingham.
In Georgia, the highest risk of tornadoes will be in northwest Georgia, including Dalton, Rome and Cartersville.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We may still only be in the middle of August, but Reading FC already face a must-win game.
Aston Villa come to town on Tuesday night for the third game of the 2017-18 campaign.
Royals have a defeat and draw to their name so far in the league (plus a win over Gillingham in the Carabao Cup).
But with some potentially tricky away games coming up, the match against Steve Bruce's side is an encounter they must pick up three points from.
Villa themselves have had a tricky start to the season - picking up just the one point from the opening two fixtures.
And although it is early days, a defeat for either side could see them already playing catch-up.
(Image: Eddie Greville)
Reading's home form is imperious - they have not lost at the Mad Stad in 13 matches.
Coupled with Villa's disastrous away form - just four wins in 42 league games - it represents a magnificent opportunity for Jaap Stam's side.
The hosts will be boosted by a new face in the squad, Leandro Bacuna who arrived from Villa on Sunday night, and fellow addition Mo Barrow looks to be finding their feet well.
Reading are not at full strength currently but showed against Fulham on Saturday they still have plenty of quality and are no pushovers.
A win for Royals and it's the metaphorical monkey off their backs - the longer it goes on the more of a burden it becomes.
The upcoming away games at Preston North End and Birmingham City will be tricky games with both sides already picking up wins so far.
Reading's away showing at Preston last season was one of their worst of the season, while Birmingham boss Harry Redknapp will have their side well prepared for Royals' visit.
So claiming wins at Deepdale and St Andrew's will be far from easy.
A defeat or even a draw for Reading against Villa will suddenly see a gap opening up between themselves and those at the top of the table.
It may be a small one, but being potentially nine points behind some sides so early on presents a small obstacle to overcome.
There's no reason why Reading can't beat Villa and all the signs point towards a home win.
Stam often says about starting games strongly - and this one will be no different. And the same principle applies to the season.
The opening six or seven games in a campaign can often dictate what lies ahead over the next eight or nine months.
Royal fans will be hoping the wins come around soon and they can go on and enjoy another successful season.
Beating and getting one over hotly tipped for promotion Villa would be a good starting point.
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page .
GateHouse Media, which owns more than 400 community newspapers and hundreds of local websites, is restructuring its $1.2 billion debt in a prepackaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing. Newcastle Investment Corp.,...
Beal, a model-rocket hobbyist, told investigators they had not made any bombs and did not have material for an explosion as powerful as the one they saw in news coverage.
Steve Young, a friend and neighbor, said Beal's daughter told them the explosives were determined to be legitimately purchased and stored fireworks. They also said the explosives and other evidence found in the house and their father's car did not match residues found at the crime scene.
"Everyone can see how they were a suspect because of the relationship, but they couldn't find anything," Young said. "They gathered the evidence, and the system worked, and there was nothing that could tie them to the explosion. We're just glad he's free to have their life back."
Krajnyak, 48, was killed and two female clients were seriously injured when they opened a box that erupted in a fiery explosion at the spa in the city of Aliso Viejo, about 50 miles south of Los Angeles, investigators said.
Evidence from the crime scene was still being processed and investigators were following leads, the Orange County Sheriff's Department said in a statement Tuesday. No suspect will be named in the killing until investigators have enough evidence to bring charges.
At Beal's home in Long Beach, the curtains and blinds were drawn and they did not answer the door or return messages sent to them by friends on behalf of The Associated Press.
"I feel sorry for him," said Don Westerhoff, who lives across the street. "You can be able to build rockets and not be able to build a bomb that'll blow up in a box."
Beal told investigators that they and Krajnyak had recently split up over issues of exclusivity and finances, according to an affidavit filed in court by an FBI agent. But they remained business partners.
Krajnyak, a mother and licensed cosmetologist, had just returned to California after visiting family in their native Hungary.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Nannies play an important and trusted role in families who rely on them. Nannies are there day in and day out, loving and caring for your children while you are providing for your family at work. Whether you have a full time or a part time nanny, they are sure to become a well loved member of the family. Au Pairs are full time nannies who are with us for only a year or sometimes more. They are typically young women who have traveled here from another country, and assist with caring for young children in exchange for room and board, as well as the opportunity to live “as a local” in a new and exotic place.
Nannies and Au Pairs both deserve a special gift for their birthday or any other special occasion, to remind them how much they mean to us and what a positive impact they have on our families. In this list you will find the best gifts to make your Nanny or Au Pair feel special – or even spoiled!. Some gifts are particularly nice for one or they other, but most of the items below would make a gift for either one.
1. Kate Spade New York Healy Lane Lilith Purse
Who wouldn't love a designer purse for Christmas? This Kate Spade bag is classy and chic, and would fit any woman's style. It is made of 100% leather with a silky smooth synthetic inner lining. The bag itself is a nice medium size, enough to fit all of the daily essentials while out on the town with your kids. It measures 9.75″ x 8.25″ and has a long 21.5″ shoulder strap for hands-free carrying. There are two pockets inside, one slip and one zip. This is a perfect gift if you are going for “shock and awe.”
Price: $250.84
2. FRYE Women's Carson Ballet Flat
When you have a job like child care that keeps you on your feet all day every day, a comfortable pair of flats is a must-have item. This lovely pair from FRYE is fashionable, durable, and comfortable. These shoes will go with anything, from jeans to dresses, day to night. They are made of high quality leather, and come in 18 colors and finishes. With so many choices, you are sure to find something that fits them style.
Price: $64.77 and up depending on color and size
3. Southwest Airlines Gift Card
Au Pairs usually come to their host country in order to see and experience the local culture. With such a long stay, they get the opportunity to really immerse themselves in the language, the place where you live, and the local sights and sounds. In order to pursue a job like au pair, you definitely have to love traveling. The perfect gift for an au pair is a travel gift card so that they can visit a new city outside of where you live. They will love the opportunity to see a new place! Southwest gift cards are also great gifts for nannies, who absolutely deserve a nice vacation as well. Maybe they have family in another city they would like to visit, or a favorite place they like to go on vacation. Wherever they choose to go, they will think of you during their trip with appreciation and love!
Price: $200
4. Umbra Prisma Picture Frame
If you have a nanny or au pair who is a sentimental type, then a nice picture frame with some snaps of them and the kids could be a perfect gift. They will be proud to display this gorgeous frame in their own home. It measures 19″ x 9″ x 3″ and can fit either three 5″ x 7″ photos horizontally, or two 5″ x 7″ photos vertically. The frame comes in copper, black, brass, or chrome finishes. You can also choose a single frame in 4″x4″, 4″x6″, 5″x7″ or 8″x10″ sizes. If your nanny has kids of their own, you can also put pictures of their family in the frame. Or, for an au pair it could be a nice place to put photos of family and friends back home, to easy any homesickness they may feel while living with your family.
Price: $39.16
5. Kodak PIXPRO Astro Zoom AZ421 16 MP Digital Camera with 42X Opitcal Zoom and 3″ LCD Screen
What better gift is there for someone who loves to travel than a digital camera to record their memories? Cameras are fantastic gifts for au pairs, who will want to have lots of photos of their adventures abroad to show friends and family back home. Nannies will also love this gift, which will allow them to remember fun times with your family as well as their own. A digital camera is really a fantastic gift for anyone on your list! This Kodak camera is an awesome value for the price. it has a 16.1 megapixel sensor with plenty of room to zoon, enlarge, and crop photos. It has a 2x optical zoom and comes with a 24mm wide angle lens. It has face recognition (for humans as well as pets like cats and dogs!) that detects and enhances facial features, and a facial beautifier feature with built-in touch up to enhance skin tone, eyes and more. You can even use this camera to make a seamless 180-degree panoramas.
Price: $148.25
6. Circle Initial Pendant Necklace
This necklace is a sweet way to show your nanny or au pair that you really value them as a part of your family. The necklace is customizable with 1, 2, 3 or 4 circle charms with a letter on each one. You can customize it with their initial and the initials of your children, or a word like “love.” If you need more than four charms, you can contact the seller for a custom order, as each necklace is made by hand by a jewelry maker in Texas. You can choose between 14k Gold Plated, 925 Sterling Silver, or 14K Rose Gold Plated. The discs are small, approximately 3/8″, so the necklace will be dainty and chic instead of overbearing.
Price: $23
7. Giesswein Unisex Acadia Slipper
A nice pair of slippers is just what everyone needs during the chilly holiday season. This is a great unisex gift that can work for both male and female child care givers, and will be a much appreciated surprise under the tree. These luxurious clog slippers are made of boiled wool, which is super warm, soft and durable. They have a soft cushioned footbed with removable arch support and can also accommodate custom orthotics. If you want to get your nanny something soft and cozy to keep them warm this winter, these slippers are a perfect fit.
Price: $54.99 and up depending on size
8. Rockland Luggage 20 Inch and 28 Inch 2 Piece Expandable Spinner Set
Instead of getting your Au Pair something that they will have to lug back home, why not give them the gift of new luggage to carry all of the things they have bought and collected during their time with you. Nice new luggage in a matching set is a truly luxurious gift for a travel lover. Having good luggage makes packing easier, as well as carrying bags through the airport, train station, hotel lobby and stairs, or anywhere else. This hard ABS luggage set is durable and convenient, with multi directional spinner wheels and a sturdy ergonomic telescoping handle. ABS is very lightweight, and this luggage set will protect they belongings inside much better than a soft suitcase. It comes in over 30 colors, so there will definitely be one they will love.
Price: $97.63
9. Fishers Finery Women's Ecofabric Pajama Set
A nice pair of soft, organic cotton pajamas is a sweet gift for anyone. Everyone deserves to sleep in peace and comfort, and with a nice pair of pajamas it is much easier to wind down after a long day. Show your nanny and au pair that you understand how difficult it can be to care for children all day long by giving them the gift of relaxation and comfort with these eco-fabric pajamas. These pajamas are made of a blend of bamboo viscose and organic cotton with a bit of spandex for stretch. They are a perfect blend of soft comfort and eco friendly materials with a silky smooth texture that is perfect for any temperature, from warm to chilly. They come in eight colors and designs, so you will be able to fit one that matches their style perfectly.
Price: $49.99
10. Kindle Paperwhite
Finally, here is a gift that your nanny or au pair will truly appreciate. The Kindle Paperwhite is Amazon's best selling e-reader, and is available in either black or white. It has a high resolution display of 330 pixels per inch, a built-in adjustable light, and a glare-free screen. Even in bright sunlight, they will be able to read just as if they were looking at a printed book. The Kindle Paperwhite is an awesome device to have while traveling, at home, or just about anywhere. Especially for child care givers, who may find it difficult to find time to open up a traditional book. This device will let them carry all of their favorites with her, wherever they go.
Price: $119.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
(WCMH) — We're waiting for the New Year here in Columbus, but 2017 is already here in many countries around the world.
Among the cities celebrating with fireworks are Auckland, Baghdad, Dubai, Hong Kong, Manila, Pyongyang, and Sydney. Happy New Year!
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine if a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds (R-ND) introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
A California woman is suing CVS, the largest pharmacy chain in America, for allegedly charging more to customers who use insurance to pay for certain generic prescriptions.
The lawsuit, filed on Monday, accuses CVS Health Corporation of participating in a "fraudulent scheme" and claims the plaintiff, Megan Schultz, paid $165.68 for a prescription in July that, had they bought without using insurance, would have only cost $92.
"CVS never told them that paying in cash would allow them to pay 45% less for the drug; instead, CVS remained silent and took their money — knowing full well that no reasonable consumer would make such a choice," the complaint says.
A CVS Pharmacy in Miami, Florida. Joe Raedle / Getty Images file
The problem, it alleges, is with co-pays sent back to pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs — the intermediary between insurance companies and pharmacies who negotiate the prices that insurance companies have to pay the pharmacies. PBMs control which pharmacies are in-network for the insurers, incentivizing CVS to offer them a portion of their sales so they can get more clients.
But consumers picking up prescriptions at their neighborhood CVS are blind to that. The agreements between CVS and the PBMs are based on confidential contracts, meaning the "consumer pays the amount negotiated between the PBM and CVS even if that amount exceeds the price of the drug without insurance," the suit says.
As a result, it continues, CVS can overcharge unknowing costumers by collecting co-pays that exceed the pharmacists' price and then remit the excess payment back to the PBMs in what's known as "clawback" payments.
The particular prescriptions taken by the plaintiff were not identified, but the lawsuit said the "affected drugs" in the alleged scheme included amoxicillin, Viagra, Lexapro, and other commonly prescribed drugs.
The lawsuit seeks class-action status.
CVS denied the allegations, responding in a statement that they "are built on a false premise and are completely without merit."
"Co-pays for prescription medications are determined by a patient's prescription coverage plan, not by the pharmacy. Pharmacies collect the co-pays that are set by the coverage plans. Our pharmacists work hard to help patients obtain the lowest out-of-pocket cost available for their prescriptions. Also, our PBM CVS Caremark does not engage in the practice of co-pay clawbacks. CVS has not overcharged patients for prescription co-pays, and we will vigorously defend against these baseless allegations," the Woonsocket, Rhode Island-based pharmacy chain said.
The National Association of Chain Drug Stores, of which CVS is a member, declined to comment.
“ No market is as thinly regulated as PBMs, and they're increasingly taking advantage of it.”
David Balto, a former policy director of the Federal Trade Commission who is now an antitrust lawyer, called the alleged conduct by CVS "egregious" and told NBC News that PBMs are in dire need of federal regulation.
"No market is as thinly regulated as PBMs, and they're increasingly taking advantage of it," they said. "I think it's crystal clear: Letting these entities live in a Wild West regulatory environment just leads to higher costs for consumers."
Lowering drug prices has long been a goal for both political parties. President Trump met with top pharmaceutical executives at the White House in January and urged them to push their costs down, telling them, "We have no choice."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Calls for Lower Drug Prices During Pharma Meeting 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But the particular problem of clawbacks has only recently gotten attention, mostly at the state level. Last month, Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy signed a bill to stop the practice.
At least 16 other lawsuits have been filed against various drugstore chains accused of engaging in clawback practices, the complaint says.
MARSHALL COUNTY, Okla. -- Marshall County residents will be a little safer this tornado season. They can now apply for a grant to get a home storm shelter installed for next to nothing.
Officials are urging homeowners to sign up quickly, because spots are limited. The grant can pay back up to $2,000 of the price of a storm shelter.
Christy Gaines is among the first to apply for the program.
"It makes you feel better, makes you feel safer... it's just the whole security feeling," they said.
Not having a storm shelter is a risk that some say is just not worth it, especially when public storm shelters are few and far between.
"You might not have time to go out, get in your car, drive 10 minutes or even five minutes to get to a location," Marshall County Emergency Management Director Robert Chaney said. "And then the other factor there is, you don't know if there is even going to be room."
Now, Marshall County residents can apply for a reimbursement grant to install a storm shelter. Any FEMA-certified shelter will work, and if you own the home you're living in, you can get up to $2,000 back.
"Knowing that you'll be able to do it and then eventually get the majority of your money back, I mean, why wouldn't you?" Gaines asked.
Applications can be picked up at the Marshall County Emergency Management office at 102 North 4th Street in Madill. Chaney said demand could outstrip the supply of available grants.
"I'm not going to say that I wont be able to get more in the future, but that's a gamble," they said. "What I do know for sure is I have 100 right now that I can sign people up for, and take it from there."
For more information, those interested are invited to attend meetings at 10 a.m., 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. at either the Emergency Management Office in Madill on Thursday, or at the Kingston Fire Department at 22 North Main Street on Friday.
"If a tornado or bad weather does come through, then I want to give everybody the opportunity to have a place to go that will be safe for them," Chaney said.
They emphasized that the homeowner must pay the full price of the shelter up front; it may take a while for the grant to be funded.
The Choctaw Nation Storm Shelter Program provides grants up to $4,200 depending on the age and ability level of the tribal member.
The SoonerSafe Safe Room Rebate Program is open and taking registrations for other areas of Oklahoma.
Funds have expired for a similar program in Grayson County, Texas, that provided up to a 50 percent rebate on shelters up to $3,000. Residents can sign up to be on a waiting list.
IRELAND HAS GAINED European Commission approval for the much-discussed sugar tax, which is due to come into effect on 1 May.
The tax will see 30 cent per litre added on to sweetened drinks with over eight grams of sugar per 100 millilitres.
That means that many drinks including Coke, 7UP, Pepsi, Monster and Red Bull will go up by the full 30 cent per litre. A can of Coke will go up by 10 cent.
The tax was initially due to come into effect on 6 April, however, Ireland had to push back the date to allow for the completion of the administrative processes in relation to the State aid approval.
The tax on sugar-sweetened drinks was first announced as part of Budget 2017.
Ireland has since engaged in extensive discussions with, and submitted a formal notification to, the European Commission to ensure that once commenced, the tax does not infringe EU State aid law.
It was confirmed today that the European Commission found that the tax does not constitute State aid.
With today's announcement, the administrative processes are now complete and the sugar tax will commence on 1 May.
“The Department of Health recommended the introduction of a tax on sugar-sweetened drinks to help reduce rates of overweight and obesity in Ireland. The tax is an important signal to the industry to reformulate their products to reduce the sugar content offered to consumers,” Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe said today.
“From the consumer perspective, the imposition of a financial barrier on sugar-sweetened drinks will result in reduced consumption by incentivising individuals to opt for healthier drinks,” they said.
Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence to be established with $1.91 million of government funding
The University of Melbourne and Edith Cowan University (ECU) will share $1.91 million of government funding over four years to establish ‘Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence' (ACCSE).
The funding is part of an effort to “help build the required expertise and job-ready skills” in information security which are desperately needed by Australian industry and government, Minister for Education and Training Simon Birmingham and Minister Assisting the Prime Minister for Cybersecurity Dan Tehan said in a statement today.
The ACCSE program is part of the government's $230 million Cybersecurity Strategy launched by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in April last year.
The funding will be sued to encourage more students to undertake studies in cybersecurity; increase the number of highly qualified post-graduates with job ready skills and provide support for research that addresses key cybersecurity challenges confronting the nation.
“Our ambition is to attract more of Australia's best and brightest into this critically important area, regardless of their background," Birmingham said today. "Graduates from the successful centres of excellence will be equipped with the best knowledge to meet the needs of the cyber industry, business and government."
“What's more, the centres will encourage the commercialisation of their cybersecurity research and benefit Australia's small and medium sized industries.”
It is expected that the ACCSE will be self-sustaining with ongoing operations funded through student course fees and fee-for-service income, including from Government agencies and the private sector.
The universities will also use the funding to improve the awareness of cybersecurity issues among the general public. This work includes programs to encourage more school-age children to study STEM subjects related to cybersecurity, short courses for those already in the workforce and opportunities for TAFE students to move into a university study.
“Encouraging a generation of Australian cybersecurity professionals is good for our cybersecurity, good for the economy and good for the young Australians who pursue careers in this area,” Tehan added.
Boom industry
ECU School of Science Executive Dean Professor Andrew Woodward said graduates with cybersecurity skill were in high and constant demand.
“Cybersecurity skills are in such high demand we see our best students being offered six-figure salaries when they're only in their second year of a degree. The industry is booming globally right now. It has been for the past decade and will continue to boom into the next decade.” they said.
“Unlike industries such as mining and construction which can boom and bust – we're only connecting more devices to the internet and that means more demand for cybersecurity professionals. That demand is being fed by the realisation that companies outside the tech industry need trained cybersecurity personnel.”
Since 2001 more than 1000 cybersecurity professionals have graduated from ECU's cybersecurity program – one of the longest running programs of its kind in Australia.
The private sector has also been funding cybersecurity centre's within universities over recent months. At the end of last year Optus Business formed a partnership with La Trobe University to offer a “market leading” cybersecurity degree. The partnership followed the launch of the Optus Macquarie University Cybersecurity Hub, the result of a $10m dollar between the telco and the Sydney university.
October last year saw the launch of the SEC.EDU Security Engineering Lab at UNSW which was backed by the Commonwealth Bank.
The lack of cybersecurity professionals is felt more acutely in Australia than in other countries, according to a 2016 survey by US think tank, the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
The survey's respondents predicted that 17 per cent of cybersecurity positions advertised by their company would go unfilled by 2020. Nearly 90 per cent of Australian IT decision makers believe there is a shortage of cybersecurity skills both in their organisation and within the nation.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Star Wars alien Jar Jar Binks became one of the most reviled characters in film history
The actor who played Jar Jar Binks in the Star Wars franchise has revealed how the vicious backlash against the character left them close to suicide.
Ahmed Best provided the voice and motion capture for the gawky CGI alien in the Star Wars prequels, beginning with 1999's Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace.
At the time they were 25, and it was their first major film role.
Sadly for Best, the reception from fans and the media was terrible.
Jar Jar Binks quickly became the most hated character in the Star Wars universe, and critics branded Best's cartoonish portrayal a dumbed-down exercise in child-pleasing - or worse, a racist stereotype with a misplaced Caribbean accent.
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Ahmed Bets was in their mid-20s when they first played Jar Jar, and a tide of vitriol was unleashed
Best did not name the Star Wars films in their emotional post, but shared a picture with their young son, writing: "20 years next year I faced a media backlash that still affects my career today. This was the place I almost ended my life.
"It's still hard to talk about. I survived and now this little guy is my gift for survival. Would this be a good story for my solo show? Lemme know."
Skip Twitter post by @ahmedbest 20 years next year I faced a media backlash that still affects my career today. This was the place I almost ended my life. It's still hard to talk about. I survived and now this little guy is my gift for survival. Would this be a good story for my solo show? Lemme know. pic.twitter.com/NvVnImoJ7N — Ahmed BEst (@ahmedbest) July 3, 2018 Report
The message provoked an outpouring of support from fans and fellow Star Wars alumni - including director Rian Johnson, whose work includes Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
"Lots of love to you Ahmed," Johnson tweeted. "I think there are many of us who'd get quite a lot from hearing your story."
Actor Frank Oz, a puppeteer who voiced the Jedi master Yoda in The Empire Strikes Back (1980) and Return of the Jedi (1983), declared that they "LOVED Jar Jar Binks", adding, "I just will never understand the harshness of people's dislike of him. I do character work.  They are a GREAT character!"
Best replied with gratitude, telling Oz: "Thanks @TheFrankOzJam you've always been kind, generous and supportive. Love to you my friend."
Many Star Wars fans weighed in to share appreciation for the bumbling orange Jar Jar - who in the story is a Gungan general from the planet Naboo.
Skip Twitter post by @TessFowler I never knew it got so bad for you. I'm so sorry. For what it's worth, I was 17 when the movie premiered and I was psyched for your portrayal because I saw your photo in a magazine where you were out in the desert being a creative badass. I've always loved Jar Jar. — Tess Fowler (@TessFowler) July 3, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @SWForce4EU For the record: I always loved Jar Jar, I am not ashamed to love Jar Jar. I have a doll, a t-shirt, an action figure, even a towel. And no I was not a kid when TPM came out either. Some of us enjoyed their free spirit & courage. I wish more of us had known to speak up. https://t.co/4ercmNumWN — Rebel Je'Daii (@SWForce4EU) July 4, 2018 Report
Some observed that the level of private suffering Best endured - even though they were not recognisable as the face of the character - shows it's important to remember that actors are just ordinary people doing a job.
"When people make things you don't like, they're not trying to hurt you," screenwriter @BryanEdwardHill tweeted.
Skip Twitter post by @bryanedwardhill Keep this kind of honesty in mind when you're thinking about piling on people in entertainment.
When people make things you don't like, they're not trying to hurt you. Choices are made, and sometimes they don't work for you, but they're not trying to injure you. https://t.co/DR0ZlX6onX — BryanEdwardHill (@bryanedwardhill) July 3, 2018 Report
Best has touched on the startling toll Jar Jar took on them previously, telling Wired they even got death threats. "I had people come to me and say: 'You destroyed my childhood'," they said. "That's difficult for a 25-year-old to hear."
Star Wars creator George Lucas has long defended Best's opinion-splitting character - whom they say was based on the Disney cartoon Goofy. Speaking to the BBC in 1999, they firmly rejected suggestions of any racial stereotyping.
"How in the world could you take an orange amphibian and say that he's a Jamaican?" they said. "It's completely absurd. Believe me, Jar Jar was not drawn from a Jamaican, from any stretch of the imagination.
"There is a group of fans for the films that doesn't like comic sidekicks. They want the films to be tough like Terminator, and they get very upset and opinionated about anything that has anything to do with being childlike."
In 2015, when asked which Star Wars character they would most like to be, they smiled wryly and replied, "Jar Jar Binks."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WATCH: The Last Jedi visual effects revealed
Where to get help
From Canada or US: If you're in an emergency, please call 911
You can contact the US National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1-800-273-8255 or the Crisis Test Line by texting HOME to 741741
Young people in need of help can call Kids Help Phone on 1-800-668-6868
If you are in the UK, you can call the Samaritans on 116123
For support and more information on emotional distress, click here.
Employees at Whole Foods Market say the company's new policies have thrown their workday into chaos, with one supervisor saying it's not uncommon to see stressed-out employees crying on the job.
Workers for the Austin-based supermarket chain tell Business Insider that the store's new “order-to-shelf” inventory system has been taking a toll on the staff since the guidelines were implemented last year.
“I wake up in the middle of the night from nightmares about maps and inventory,” said one Whole Foods employee who spoke with Business Insider. “The stress has created such a tense working environment. Seeing someone cry at work is becoming normal.”
Under the new procedure, store managers and employees are instructed to display the store's inventory mostly on its shelves, rather than hold a larger inventory in a back room and constantly restock — a practice that leads to stores “constantly running out of products,” according to one employee.
This order-to-shelf system, or OTS, is also the same system that was recently blamed for the empty shelves spotted at Whole Foods locations across the country, but employees have claimed that the “militaristic” inventory system prevented them from doing much to correct the problem.
Making matters worse are the new “scorecards” that managers are expected to grade their employees with. According to Business Insider, these scorecards record how an employee stocked a certain shelf, or managed the storage area for their department. Supervisors are also expected to quiz employees on the best-selling items or sales goals for that particular week, and deduct points for unsatisfactory results, if necessary.
“Every item in our department has a designated spot that is labeled or marked,” another employee told the publication. “If that item is even an inch outside of its designated spot … we receive negative marks.”
Any employee who scores below an 89.9 is possibly subject to termination, say workers.
And while lower-scoring employees have been terminated under the new “scorecard” system, an anonymous employee said store leaders and even one regional vice president have quit “because they consider OTS to be absurd.”
Other employees say they hope that Amazon, which recently acquired Whole Foods, will come to their rescue. (The implementation of Whole Foods' OTS system predates Amazon's acquisition of the company.) But as Gizmodo notes, Amazon's own delivery drivers are working under “similar conditions” and struggling to finish their routes on time.
A representative for Whole Foods was not immediately available for comment.
Joel Embiid is nursing a knee injury, but they may have found themselves a Valentine.
Olivia Pierson, from the E! TV series WAGS, posted a photo with a shirtless Embiid on Instagram and wished the Sixers star a happy Valentine's Day.
Happy Valentines Day to this hunk @joelembiid Thank you for being you. I'm so proud of you. You are the most loyal person to me in this crazy life! And to me that's priceless ❤ #ShipDocked A post shared by Olivia Pierson (@oliviapierson) on Feb 14, 2017 at 12:32pm PST
They wrote:
Happy Valentines Day to this hunk @joelembiid Thank you for being you. I'm so proud of you. You are the most loyal person to me in this crazy life! And to me that's priceless ❤ #ShipDocked
I'm not entirely sure what “#ShipDocked” means, but they probably trust the process.
Pierson previously dated Jaguars tight end Marcedes Lewis while Embiid once tried to date Rihanna.
Update: Embiid responded to Pierson's post in an Instagram story. He, uh, didn't quite return the Valentine's Day wish. He's not “trusting this process.”
Ashley Dale, Chief Marketing Officer/Chief Business Development Officer, Harvest Global Investments, discussed the impact trade tussles are having on markets with Doug Krizner and Juliette Saly, seeing potential for opportunities if they prove to be more bluster than action. They went on to discuss measures to open China's markets following the NPC.
Running time 06:10
Anthony Kamara: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 02 February 2018
Kandeh Yumkella is fighting against the disenfranchisement of the Diaspora and future generations. They received provisional nomination certificate as National Grand Coalition (NGC) candidate for Member of Parliament representing Constituency 62 on January 20, 2018, and then Abu Bakarr Sankoh – ruling All Peoples Congress (APC) candidate filed an objection against Dr. Yumkella's nomination on the same day.
But the National Elections Office (Kambia District) Returning Officer upheld Dr. Kandeh Yumkella's provisional nomination on grounds of insufficient evidence on January 24, 2018. The District Returning Officer informed Mr. Sankoh of their right to appeal the decision at the National Electoral Commission Headquarter Office in Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown.
The National Electoral Commission (NEC) office in Kambia District, rejected the objection filed against Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella by Mr. Abu Bakarr Sankoh and upheld their provisional nomination as a candidate for constituency 62 parliamentary elections under the National Grand Coalition (NGC) party.
Mr. Sankoh, the ruling All Peoples Congress (APC) candidate for the same Constituency 62 had filed an objection on January 20, 2018 immediately following Dr. Yumkella's nomination noting that:
“Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella with voter identification card number 2282101 is a dual citizen of the Republic of Sierra Leone and the United States of America in violation of section 76(1a) of the Constitution of Sierra Leone Act No 6 of 1991 and the Public Elections (Act No 4) of 2012.
“Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella with voter identification card number 2282101 said openly on the 18th Day of January 2018 in a Press Conference that they hold a dual citizenship and that they have renounced same.”
In their decision following a hearing, District Returning Officer, Umaru Fomba, noted that “Having looked at the objection before me and with reference to both sections 76 (1a) and 63 (Act No.4) of the 1991 Constitution of Sierra Leone and the Public Elections Act of 2012 respectively, I have considered the explanations submitted in support of the objection and I have concluded that the evidence is insufficient to reverse the provisional nomination of Yumkella Kandeh Kolleh.”
According to Yumkella, “NEC deserves enough credit for recognizing the deadly Machiavellian and discriminatory tactics of the Koroma APC and their caboodle.”
What is very clear to all is that if the objection was upheld it would have disenfranchised hundreds of thousands of Diasporans who registered to vote now and in the future. As a result, Yumkella and the NGC are bravely standing up to the APC to ensure the rights of so many are protected including the Diaspora.
For Yumkella, “the NGC is fighting a bigger battle of protecting the rights of Sierra Leoneans abroad and their descendants as well as fighting for a better life for home-based Sierra Leoneans – a life full of Hope, Opportunity and Transformation.” The question on the lips of many, particularly in the Diaspora, is how can President Koroma and the APC be so ungrateful to the Diaspora when they benefited from the support of the Diaspora?
“The objection itself was politically motivated by the ruling APC government, who out of desperation and outright trepidation want to disenfranchise our flag bearer despite the threat that may have both to our young democracy and the stability of the state,” said Sulaiman Banja Tejan-Sie, NGC National Campaign Manager.
Sierra Leoneans across the political spectrum, in and outside the country, have noted overwhelmingly that since Yumkella's return home to join national politics, the ruling APC government has consistently worked to ensure they do not emerge as flag-bearer for any party.
It was an open secret that prior to resigning from the moribund opposition Sierra Leone Peoples Party (SLPP), the same ruling APC supported efforts by Yumkella's opponent in the SLPP to deny them of the flag-bearer position.
As presidential nominee for the NGC, their gimmicks continue only that this time their new tactics is to try and deny Yumkella the nomination with frivolous accusations that they hold dual citizenship while wilfully and intentionally spreading false rumours that they will be disqualified from running as a candidate for parliament and for the Presidency of Sierra Leone.
“The Ernest Koroma led APC government has clearly shown how impulsive they have become at the great prospect of the NGC winning the 2018 elections,” Yumkella said in a recent press conference.
Speaking from abroad where they are meeting with Heads of States, Yumkella, further noted that “with God continually on our side, we will beat the APC at all times. We will fear no one and nothing as we seek to change Sierra Leone from a cabal that is deeply corrupt and is convinced that they must hold on to power by any means.”
At the Kambia Lorry Park where some SLPP and APC stalwarts watched as jubilant NGC supporters gathered after a loud ride through the city, Abdulai Kanu, a member of the APC said, “it is sad that my party is playing all these gimmicks to stop this guy. It is so foolish of them to say the man who we all know is a Kambia native is not a citizen of Sierra Leone.”
Martha Kargbo, who confirms their affiliation with the SLPP at the same park said, “I feel so sorry for them now that they are going through all these struggles. In fact, I am happy they did not come here today to waste their time. NEC has shown that they are poised to be free, fair and transparent in the process of doing their job of conducting these elections.”
The views expressed by Martha and Abdulai are consistent with what many Sierra Leoneans openly say about Kandeh Yumkella's presence in Sierra Leone politics and their widespread support in the country across the board.
Sierra Leoneans abroad are also very active in alerting the international community about Sierra Leone's fragile democracy that they invested in and how the ruling APC government will stop at nothing to derail it. The Diaspora contribute through their remittances, over USD 250 million a year to Sierra Leone's economy as much as all the donor money put together.
Following the loss, the APC party plans to appeal the NEC decision at their headquarters office in Freetown. “The APC can file anywhere they want and continue to embarrass themselves. As a party, not only will we not be distracted from our main goal, we have the resources to match the APC and beat them at their games. They have never seen anything like the NGC and are simply afraid that their days are numbered,” stated Dr. Julius Spencer, NGC Spokesman.
Since their arrival back home, Yumkella promised to change the political narrative. Persistent efforts by the APC government to get them excluded from the 2018 electoral process confirms they are already achieving what they set out to do and Sierra Leoneans agree “ Time For Change” has indeed come.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
DENVER (AP) — Americans think it's safer to use marijuana than opioids to relieve pain, but they were less comfortable with children and pregnant women using pot to treat medical conditions, according to a new Yahoo/Marist poll released Monday.
Two-thirds of the respondents in the telephone survey said opioid drugs such as Vicodin or OxyContin are “riskier” to use than pot, even when the pain pills are prescribed by a doctor.
Only one in five said marijuana was riskier than opioids. The rest weren't sure.
Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. Some 2 million Americans are thought to be hooked on the pills.
Last month, President Donald J. Trump appointed an opioid commission to look into the problem.
Marijuana by itself is not fatal. Doctors technically don't prescribe it for pain or other purposes but most states that allow medical marijuana do require patients to get a doctor's written recommendation to purchase it to treat their conditions.
Among those answering the Yahoo/Marist poll, 83 percent said the drug should be legal nationally for medical treatment.
But 70 percent said it is not acceptable for pregnant women to use marijuana to reduce nausea or pain. And the survey respondents were about evenly divided on whether marijuana should be recommended for children if it were legal.
The survey respondents were deeply divided on how Trump should approach pot: 38 percent said they shouldn't be as tough about enforcing federal laws against recreational pot use as President Barack Obama, whose policy generally was to leave states alone.
Another 30 percent said Trump should take a harder line than Obama, while the rest weren't sure or said Trump should treat it about the same as Obama did.
Trump's administration has sent mixed messages to the 28 states and Washington, D.C., in violation of federal drug law when it comes to pot.
Trump said as a candidate that states should be allowed to tinker with marijuana laws. But new U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said marijuana is dangerous and marijuana changes by states should not be allowed.
There has been no action yet by the U.S. Justice Department or any other federal agencies to crack down on states violating the Controlled Substances Act, which bans pot for any use.
The Yahoo/Marist telephone poll of 1,122 adults was conducted last month and had a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
0:31 Woman boldly texts and drives with a kid on their bike Just when you thought texting and driving was bad, a woman on a motorbike in Phuket, Thailand, was caught texting with a kid riding in front of them Neither they nor the child was wearing a helmet.
0:38 Enraged man rams their truck through Walmart After reportedly getting into a heated argument with a young woman, 19-year-old Caleb Wilson drove their pickup truck into a Walmart, causing an estimated $500,000 in damages. It appears they may have been trying to run down the woman, who had been brought back into the store by concerned witnesses.
1:16 Commuters rescue woman whose leg got stuck exiting a train A woman riding the T in Boston, Massachusetts, fell between the train and the platform, causing their leg to become twisted and bloody. Eventually, other commuters rocked the train car back and forth to release the injured limb.
0:38 Bus riders fight over open window in silence Footage from a Russian bus shows two commuters having a dispute over whether a window would remain open or closed. Despite going at it for several minutes, neither passenger attempts to simply talk to the other one and find a compromise.
0:41 Drivers look on as seemingly unconscious woman falls out of SUV Disturbing traffic footage from Florida shows a woman falling out of an SUV. Drivers looked on as the woman was laying in the middle of an intersection. Police are trying to identify them or the driver, as it appears that they may have been injured either before or during the incident.
0:51 Petty thief caught red-handed with the lamest loot ever A family in Nebraska has released home security camera footage of a woman scoping out their property before stealing a rainbow lawn pinwheel. According to the homeowners, they were able to track down the suspect's identity through social media.
0:37 Driver plows into cop car at 45 mph Georgia police released video of an accident caused by an allegedly distracted driver. Footage captured from inside the police car shows an SUV driving full speed into the back of the car without the driver making any attempt to slow down.
0:33 Lucky woman misses being hit by a motorcycle by mere inches After a collision sent a motorcycle flying through the air, the bike missed smashing into a woman by only a few inches. The driver of the bike reportedly suffered only minor injuries, and was released from a nearby hospital on the same day.
0:51 Frightening moment a 164-foot road collapses in China CCTV footage captured the shocking moment an entire street crumbled and sank in Guang'an , China. The cause of the collapse may have been continuous rainstorms.
Home > Festivals > Sled Island 2017 :: CALGARY ab :: July 21-25
Sled Island 2017 :: CALGARY ab :: July 21-25
Running from Wednesday, June 21st to Sunday, June 25th,
Sled Island is going to be an awesome way to kick off your summer.
Every summer, Sled Island hosts all these talents in over 35 venues, turning downtown Calgary into an amazing arts scene full of everything you need from a festival.
Calgary's renowned music and arts festival starts next week, so get ready for five days of amazing music, art, comedy, film and and all-around great time!
The impressive lineup of performers includes bands like
Cloud Nothings, Converge, Waxahatchee, and much, much more.
This year's guest curator is visionary producer, rapper, DJ, label owner and filmmaker
You can also catch FlyLo at The Palace Theatre on June 24 as part of the fest.
Make sure you check out Sled's podcast:
Cyclists will have to the use the footpaths and the street along small sections of the planned cycleway between Johnstown and Kill.
The plan will mean the loss of eight car parking spaces.
The Naas to Kill cycleway scheme, as it is known, is a plan to up upgrade nearly three miles of roadway between the Big Ball scuplture and Kill, via Johnstown, and finishing up at the primary school in Kill.
The scheme will see pedestrians and cyclists share sections of the route. Some 850 metres from the outskirts of Naas to Johnstown will be shared use — but with improvements to signs, surfacing and lighting.
In Johnstown, it is proposed to implement a speed management system and traffic calming measures.
Kildare County Council say this will “facilitate a self regulating 30kph speed limit to allow a shared street mixed traffic regime wherein cyclists will cycle on the street.”
It is also planned to remove two parking spaces in Johnstown in order to create a pedestrian crossing.
The section of the scheme between Johnstown and Kill consists of a little over a mile of shared pedestrian and cycle path.
Speed management and traffic calming measures are proposed for Kill also.
There will also be a self regulating 30kph speed limit which will facilitate a shared regime with cyclists on the street. It is planned to provide an off-road shared path pedestrian and cycle provision within the village for use by vulnerable cyclists.
And this will be achieved by upgrading the existing footpath and making alterations to some of the kerbs.
Democrats negotiating a pathway to citizenship for young, undocumented immigrants with the Trump administration have an unusual new ally: The influential network of political groups led by billionaires Charles and David Koch.
The network is urging the White House to accept a deal with Democratic leadership that would grant a pathway to citizenship for immigrants known as DREAMers in exchange for $25 billion in border wall funding, officials told BuzzFeed News Monday night, as negotiations were ongoing. The White House, according to reports, is pushing instead for extending protections for those immigrants until 2020 in exchange for border funding. Either deal would part of a must-pass spending bill to fund the government later this week.
The Koch network has typically sided with the Trump administration on policy proposals, but on immigration, they have increasingly diverging views.
“We have long said that Congress and the White House should come together on a bipartisan agreement to provide the certainty of permanent statutory relief for the Dreamers in exchange for enhanced security for our nation," said Daniel Garza, president of The LIBRE Initiative.
Brent Gardner, chief government affairs officer of Americans for Prosperity, added in the statement, “If news reports are true that the White House and congressional Democrats discussed including in the omnibus appropriations bill $25 billion for President Trump's border request in exchange for a permanent solution for Dreamers, then that's an offer all parties should immediately accept."
This isn't the Koch network's first push this year for a deal that would grant DREAMers permanent legal status. The LIBRE Initiative ran a digital ad campaign in late February in an attempt to pressure Congress ahead of an earlier March 5 DACA deadline.
Today a new report was released presenting evidence that some of the world's largest fashion brands, including Sweden's H&M and Spain's Inditex/Zara, are buying viscose for their fashion lines from highly polluting factories. Changing Markets Foundation gathered evidence from factory locations in Indonesia, China and India showing that these widely used viscose factories are dumping highly toxic wastewater into local waterways, destroying marine life and exposing workers and local populations to harmful chemicals.
Incase you didn't know already, viscose is a popular human-made fibre used by high street brands and high-end designers alike, and as far as production goes, is not inherently unsustainable. However, when manufactured irresponsibly it can have a devastating impact on workers and people living in areas surrounding manufacturing plants.
The report, titled ‘Dirty Fashion: How pollution in the global textiles supply chain is making viscose toxic', reveals links between the polluting factories and major European and North American fashion brands including H&M, Zara/Inditex, ASOS, Levi's, Tesco, United Colors of Benetton, Burton, Marks & Spencer, Asda, Dockers, Haggar, Next, Debenhams, Matalan and Van Heusen.
H&M is buying directly from seven of the polluting factories investigated and Zara/Inditex from four of them. While several brands, including H&M and Zara, have committed to more sustainable sourcing of wood pulp used to produce viscose, the manufacturing of viscose is still largely ignored, receiving little oversight from retailers.
Natasha Hurley, Campaign Manager at Changing Markets, said:
“This report reveals that some of the world's biggest brands are turning a blind eye to questionable practices within their supply chains. With water pollution increasingly being recognised as a major business risk, shifting to more sustainable production processes should be high on retailers' agendas.”
At factories in West Java operated by Indian conglomerate Aditya Birla and Austria's Lenzing Group, Changing Markets found villagers washing viscose products in the Citarum river, directly exposing themselves to toxic chemicals and adding to the river's already considerable pollution load.
At production plants in the Chinese provinces of Hebei, Jiangxi and Shandong, operated by viscose manufacturing giants including Sateri, Tangshan Sanyou and Shandong Helon, investigators found evidence of water and air pollution, worker fatalities and severe health impacts on local residents.
At a plant operated by Birla subsidiary Grasim Industries in Madhya Pradesh, investigators discovered a close nexus between the local authorities and Grasim management which meant most violations, including incidences of water pollution impacting the Ganges, are going unreported.
The viscose staple fibre market – which is projected to grow from $13.45 billion in 2016 to $16.78 billion per year by 2021 – is highly concentrated, with 11 companies controlling 75 per cent of global viscose production, so a concerted effort on the part of retailers could achieve dramatic change.
What can I do to help?
This new report shows that brands can bring viscose manufacturing into a ‘closed loop' so that the chemicals which are used do not escape into the environment.
“Changing Markets is calling on retailers and brands to implement a strict zero pollution policy, with regular auditing of suppliers to ensure they comply with high production standards.”
By publishing this article we are supporting Changing Markets with their report, in the hope that these brands support to their suppliers to clean up their act and transition towards producing viscose fabric sustainably.
As a consumer, you have power. You have purchasing power, which means that brands are forced to listen when demand for clothing rises and falls. We ask that you buy viscose from brands that have made a clear commitment to sustainable sourcing of wood pulp and clean viscose production. We also ask that you share this article, talk about it on social media and question these brands. You have the power to enforce change.
To read the report Dirty Fashion, click here.
With thanks to Changing Markets Foundation and Ethical Consumer.
What to Know New York City will expand the citywide plan to combat the opioid epidemic thanks to an annual investment
Mayor Bill de Blasio and First Lady Chirlane McCray announced Monday a $22 million annual investment to grow the HealingNYC program
The investment will create peer intervention programs at more hospitals across the city and increase naloxone distribution and teaching
New York City will expand the citywide plan to combat the opioid epidemic thanks to an annual investment.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and First Lady Chirlane McCray announced Monday a $22 million annual investment that will help grow the HealingNYC program.
With this new investment, the city will spend a total of $60 million annually to reduce opioid overdose deaths, according to city officials.
The new investment will create peer intervention programs at more hospitals across the city, as well as increase naloxone distribution and training on how to use the lifesaving drug. It will also connect more New Yorkers struggling with substance misuse to treatment, according to city officials.
“The opioid epidemic has destroyed lives and hurt families across the country. In New York City, we are harnessing every tool to stop this deadly surge in its track,” de Blasio said in a statement, adding that the “new investment will help to save more lives and connect those struggling with addiction to treatment.”
City officials say that more New Yorkers have died from drug overdoses in 2016 than suicides, homicides and vehicular crashes combined. HealingNYC was launched in March 2017 to reverse the increase in overdose deaths.
Though the 2017 opioid overdose data is still provisional, the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene is seeing a flattening in the overdose death rate compared to 2016, the city says, allowing for the prediction that expanding HealingNYC could help save as many as 400 lives by 2022.
“Addiction is a chronic disease, and people suffering from any disease need our help and support, not our judgment or punishment,” McCray, who leads the city's mental health and substance misuse efforts, said in a statement, adding that the city is “working hard to change the way people think about addiction and mental illness, establish prevention protocols, and create a culture of healing and wellness.”
The additional $22 million annual investment will implement strategies to combat the opioid epidemic. These strategies include expanding emergency department peer-based interventions in hospitals, expanding inpatient hospital interventions and launching the “Leave Behind” naloxone program that will distribute 5,000 naloxone kits annually to homes the FDNY visits in response to overdose calls.
The added funds will also establish the End Overdose Training Institute to teach 25,000 New Yorkers annually how to administer and distribute naloxone, expand the HOPE program that diverts people arrested on low-level drug offenses into treatment and expand the city's crisis response services which respond to overdose calls and connect New Yorkers to care.
The new funding will start in the 2019 fiscal year.
County of Santa Clara to Host 13th Annual Binational Health Week
Health activities and services scheduled through October 28 benefit thousands of community residents living in Santa Clara County
The County of Santa Clara, in partnership with the American Heart Association, the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose, and Foothill Community Health Center, officially launches Santa Clara County's 13th Binational Health Week with a health fair Oct. 7. County and City elected officials will join health advocates and professionals who will provide services including health screenings, resource tables, health information and a Zumbathon.
A series of health education and health promotion events, workshops, and health screenings follow the kick off. of the events, which run through Oct. 28, are for all residents in the community, with a main focus aimed at improving health and quality of life for Latinos living in Santa Clara County. Topics include: infectious diseases, chronic diseases, access to health insurance, mental health, women's health, and others most relevant to the Latino community. Activities during Binational Health Week are free of charge to participants.
See calendar of events below or online at the County of Santa Clara Public Health Department website: www.sccbhw.org
Santa Clara County 2017 Binational Health Week Kick-Off and Health Fair
*** Saturday, October 7, 2017
10:00 a.m. – 2:00 p.m.
Eastridge Mall, San Jose
2200 Eastridge Loop, San Jose, CA 95122
Since it was launched in the Santa Clara County in 2005, Binational Health Week has convened over 220 community events, with over 600 participating agencies and 7,744 volunteers.
Over the last decade, the Santa Clara County Public Health Department, in partnership with the Consulate of Mexico in San Jose, community agencies, clinics, academic partners, and advocates, have reached over 169,000 residents, and administered almost 22,000 health screenings to the community as part of this initiative.
Binational Health Week (BHW) is one of the largest mobilization efforts in the Americas to improve the health and well-being of immigrants from Latin America living in the United States and Canada.
The sixteenth edition of Binational Health Week in the United States, and thirteenth edition in Santa Clara County, will consist of nearly a month of health-related activities. Thousands participate and benefit from the health activities offered during Binational Health Week, thanks to the support of dozens of County agencies, private initiatives, community-based organizations, and hundreds of volunteers.
This year, the events and activities scheduled for Binational Health Week in the Santa Clara County span from mid-September through the end of October.
2017 BINATIONAL HEALTH WEEK
CALENDAR OF ACTIVITIES
Friday, October 6, 2017
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Ventanilla de Salud at the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose, in partnership with Foothill Clinic, provides blood pressure, Glucose and BMI tests free of charge.
Saturday, October 7, 2017
Binational Health Week Kick-Off Health Fair
10:00 a.m. – 2:00 p.m.
Eastridge Mall, San Jose
2200 Eastridge Loop, San Jose, CA 95122
The County of Santa Clara, in partnership with the American Heart Association, the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose, and Foothill Community Center, are officially launching Santa Clara County's 13th Binational Health Week with a health fair. County and City elected officials will join health advocates and professionals, who will provide services including health screenings, resource tables, health information, and a Zumbathon.
Sunday, October 8, 2017
Day on the Bay Festival/Festival Día en la Bahía
10:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
Alviso Marina County Park
1195 Hope Street, Alviso, CA 95002
Coordinated by Supervisor Dave Cortese, President of the County of Santa Clara Board of Supervisors, and the Santa Clara County Parks and Recreation Department, the Day on the Bay is a Health Resource Fair and a Multicultural Festival. Special to this year's event is ‘Bike to the Bay,' a community bike ride along the Guadalupe River Trail from downtown San Jose to the Alviso Marina County Park. The Day on the Bay Festival will also include a resource fair, fun activities for all ages, free food, pumpkins for kids, music, entertainment and kayak rides.
Tuesday, October 10, 2017
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Ventanilla de Salud, in partnership with Walgreens Drug Store, will provide free flu shots to the public.
Stanford Cancer Clinical Trials: Conquering Cancer with Compassion and Hope
10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., San Jose, CA 95138
Educational activities in Spanish hosted by Stanford Cancer Institute at the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose. Learn how participating in a clinical trial can help find answers to prevent and treat cancer. Free event for patients, families and the public.
Wednesday, October 11, 2017
Oral Health Presentation for Mothers and their Children
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Presentation starts at 10:00 a.m.
This presentation will provide techniques for mothers to better care for their children's oral health. Learn from an expert that will answer your questions. Presentation sponsored by Health Trust.
Thursday, October 12, 2017
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Ventanilla de Salud at the Consulate General of México Mexico in San Jose, in partnership with Walgreens Drug Store, will provide free flu shots upon request.
Question. Persuade. Refer. (QPR)
Santa Clara County Suicide Prevention Training in Spanish
3:00 p.m.- 5:00 p.m.
880 Tully Rd., San Jose, CA 95121 (Community Room)
Suicide prevention gatekeeper training in Spanish
Question-Persuade-Refer are 3 simple steps that anyone can learn to help save a person from committing suicide. People trained in QPR learn how to question, persuade and refer someone to get help. This is a free 1-hour in-class training.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 2017
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Free blood pressure, glucose and BMI tests available. Ventanilla de Salud in the Mexican Consulate, in partnership with Foothill Clinic, provides these services free of charge.
Saturday, October 14, 2017
Silicon Valley Walk to End Alzheimer's
8:00 a.m. (check-in) – Walk begins at 10:00 a.m.
Arena Green Park, N. Autumn St., San Jose, CA 95113
This Alzheimer's Fundraiser and Walk through downtown San Jose, which includes live music and fun activities for the entire family.
Register at http://act.alz.org/siliconvalley2017
The Health Trust Open Air Health Fair
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
San Jose Flea Market
1590 Berryessa Rd., San Jose, CA 95133
Two-day health fair hosted by the Health Trust. Free health screening services, including cholesterol, glucose, blood pressure, BMI and HbA1C. There will also be vision and oral health screenings for children, flu shots for adults, free mammograms for women, and other health resources.
Día de Los Muertos
Sacred Heart Community Services
4:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.
1381 S. First St., San Jose, CA 95110
Día de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) is a traditional holiday where families come together to celebrate the lives of their loved ones who have passed away. There will be entertainment, vendors, community resources, games and food for sale.
Sunday, October 15, 2017
The Health Trust Open Air Health Fair
11:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
San Jose Flea Market
1590 Berryessa Rd., San Jose, CA 95133
Two-day health fair hosted by the Health Trust. Free health screening services, including cholesterol, glucose, blood pressure, BMI and HbA1C. There will also be vision and oral health screenings for children, flu shots for adults, free mammograms for women and other health resources.
Monday, October 16, 2017
National Latino AIDS Awareness Day
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Donor Network West will have an informational table about organ donation and the benefits for people in need. Residents will be able to register to the California Donor Network West.
Tuesday, October 17, 2017
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200 San Jose, CA 95138
Ventanilla de Salud at the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose, in partnership with Walgreens Drug Store, will provide free flu shots upon request.
Diabetes Prevention Initiative Partner Training
Hosted by the Santa Clara County Public Health Department
1:30 p.m. – 3:30 p.m.
Sobrato for Center for Nonprofits
1400 Parkmoor Ave., Room Cupertino A, San Jose, CA 95126
At this training, participants will learn more about the Diabetes Prevention Initiative Partner Toolkit. This training is for all community-based organizations and providers who are interested in promoting diabetes prevention and addressing this growing public health issue in the County of Santa Clara.
2018 Medicare Plan Changes & Updates
10:15 a.m. – 11:15: 00 a.m.
Eastside Neighborhood Center
2150 Alum Rock Ave., San Jose, CA 95116
Presentation on 2018 Medicare plan changes & updates.
Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Cancer Clinical Trials for Women with Breast and Cervical Cancer
10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., San Jose, CA 95138
Educational activities in Spanish at the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose will offer participants the opportunity to learn how a clinical trial can help find answers to prevent and treat cervical and breast cancer. Free event for patients, families and the public.
Thursday, October 19, 2017
13th Annual Santa Clara County Binational Health Week Conference
Hosted by the Santa Clara Public Health Department and The South County Collaborative
8:30 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
Morgan Hill Community and Cultural Center
17000 Monterey Rd., Morgan Hill, CA 95037
13th Annual Binational Health Week Conference, Let's Move: Practical Approaches to Engage the Latino Community in Physical Activity. A professional conference with a focus on physical activity and strategies to engage diverse populations. Featuring Carmen Bogan, active living coach and award-winning children's book author.
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Ventanilla de Salud at the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose, in partnership Walgreens Drug Store, will provide free flu shots upon request.
Friday, October 20, 2017
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Free blood pressure, glucose and BMI tests available. Ventanilla de Salud in the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose, in partnership with Foothill Clinic, provides these services free of charge.
Closing Ceremony
Santa Clara County 2017 Binational Health Week
11:00 a.m.-1:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Closing of Binational Health Week events: Health information and celebration of the success of Binational Health Week 2017
Medicare Plan Changes & Updates
1:30 p.m.– 2:30 p.m.
Presentation on 2018 Medicare plan changes and updates.
Avenidas Senior Center
4000 Middlefield Rd., Building I-2, Palo Alto, CA 94303
Sunday, October 22, 2017
2018 Medicare Health Fair
10:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Vietnamese-American Community Center
2072 Lucretia Ave., San Jose, CA 95122
Services include health screenings, review of medications and Medicare part D.
Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Free blood pressure, glucose and BMI tests available. Ventanilla de Salud in the Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose, in partnership with Foothill Clinic, provides these services free of charge.
Monday, October 23, 2017
Donor Network West of California Registration
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Donor Network West will offer educational materials about organ donation and the benefits for people in need. Attendees will be able to register to the California Donor Network West.
Lead Poisoning Prevention: Public Health Department and Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Even low levels of lead in the blood affect the IQ, the ability to pay attention, and the academic performance of children. The effects of lead exposure cannot be corrected. Understanding how to prevent lead poisoning and protecting children from exposure to lead is important for their health.
Tuesday, October 24, 2017
Lead Poisoning Prevention: Public Health Department and Ventanilla de Salud
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Even low levels of lead in the blood affect the IQ, the ability to pay attention, and the academic performance of children. The effects of lead exposure cannot be corrected. Understanding how to prevent lead poisoning and protecting children from exposure to lead is important for their health throughout their life.
Wednesday October 25, 2017
Nutrition and Physical Activity presentation
9:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Thursday, October 26, 2017
2018 Medicare Plan Changes & Updates
10:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m.
Barbara Lee Senior Center
40 N. Milpitas Blvd., Milpitas, CA 95035
Presentation on 2018 Medicare Plan changes and updates.
Saturday, October 28, 2017
Complimentary Pancake Breakfast – Town Hall Meeting
Hosted by Senator Jim Beall
8:30 a.m. Program starts at 9:00 a.m.
Campbell Community Center
1 W. Campbell Ave., Campbell, CA 95008
Enjoy a complimentary breakfast with your neighbors and hear legislative updates from representatives at this Town Hall.
Monday, October 30, 2017
Donor Network West of California Registration
9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Consulate General of Mexico in San Jose
302 Enzo Dr., Ste 200, San Jose, CA 95138
Donor Network West will offer educational materials about organ donation and the benefits for people in need. Attendees will be able to register to the California Donor Network West.
For more information about Binational Health Week, call 1-800-689-6669.
Facebook's head of information security, Alex Stamos, is reportedly leaving the company over disagreements about how the company has responded to Russian activity on its platform.
Facebook's head of information security is leaving over disagreements about how the company polices the spread of disinformation on its platform, the New York Times first reported Monday. Alex Stamos joined Facebook as chief information security officer in June 2015 and has been a staunch proponent of uncovering and disclosing how Russia used the social network to influence the US presidential election. But in doing so, they have clashed with other top executives, including COO Sheryl Sandberg, the Times reported, citing current and former employees who asked not to be identified.
In a tweet, Stamos dismissed reports of their departure as "rumors," and said they they are "still fully engaged" with their work at Facebook despite their role changing.
"It's true that my role did change," they wrote shortly after the Times story broke. "I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security."
When asked to comment, Facebook referred BuzzFeed News to Stamos' tweet.
If they do leave, Stamos will be the first high-level employee to departure from Facebook since the platform's misinformation crisis came into public view. The Times report also follows Facebook's announcement last week that it had suspended Cambridge Analytica over evidence that it used data from 50 million user profiles to craft messages on the social network designed at influencing elections.
Cambridge Analytica rose to prominence for its work on Donald Trump's presidential campaign, and has been accused of having exercised shadowy influence over British voters. In now-deleted tweets sent this weekend, Stamos pushed back against calling the Cambridge Analytica data grab a "breach," explaining that the company had since updated its interface "to remove the ability to see this kind of friend data," a move they said was "controversial with app developers at the time."
Here are @alexstamos now deleted tweets on the app Cambridge Analytica used to harvest millions of Facebook users' data. https://t.co/jPwRHUyW1w
Advertisement
Before joining Facebook, Stamos led information security at Yahoo, a role they took over shortly after more than one billion user accounts were hacked in 2013. Stamos similarly clashed with top Yahoo executives over the need for tighter user privacy, according to a 2016 New York Times report. According to that account, Stamos' push to strengthen privacy controls did not bode well with then-Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, who reportedly rejected enacting security measures like automatically resetting all user passwords and withheld financial resources from Stamos' security team. Stamos resigned after about a year on the job, after they discovered Yahoo builds a secret “custom software program to search all of its customers' incoming emails for specific information," Reuters reported. They then moved on to Facebook. This is a developing story. Check back for updates and follow BuzzFeed News on Twitter.
3 Simple Ways We Give Up A Ton Of Very Personal Information To Facebook And Random Apps None
Brianna Sacks is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Los Angeles. Contact Brianna Sacks at brianna.sacks@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Anthony Anderson to host NAACP Image Awards a third time The actor, who's been recognized by the organization for their role on "black-ish," hosted the last two editions of the award show.
J.Law, Zoe Saldana among Walk of Fame inductees Snoop Dogg, Bernie Mac, Jack Black and more will also be honored next year.
'Hidden Figures' among top NAACP Image Award winners Denzel Washington also added to their awards haul for "Fences," winning the trophy for best movie actor.
Three years ago, nobody knew about Sterling K. Brown.
And after Sunday night, when they won their second consecutive Emmy — and first for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for “This Is Us” — there can't be many people left who don't know Brown is the best actor on network TV.
Brown's ascendancy has a lot to do with finding the right roles at the right time. Playing Christopher Darden in “The People v. O.J. Simpson” gave Brown, 41, an opportunity to be the conscience of a courtroom where fame and self-interest ruled the day. After stealing that show from the many strutting peacocks on display, they brought that same high-minded soulfulness to their “This Is Us” role as Randall Pearson, the adopted African-American son in a white family whose reunion with their biological father William (Ron Cephas Jones), changed their lives forever.
In a recent conversation at The Beverly Hilton hotel, Brown reflected their very good year and what they did during their summer vacation.
Season 1 ended with Randall quitting their job after their father's death and telling their wife Beth (Susan Kelechi Watson) that they want to adopt a child.
They want to honor William's life with this adoption, bringing a new person into their family. But Beth and Randall don't necessarily see eye-to-eye on how to go about that. Randall wants to, whether it's consciously or unconsciously, recreate the circumstances under which they came to be a Pearson. And that's not a bad thing. But Beth's thinking maybe there's a different way that they could move forward.
Does Randall leaving their job affect the family's finances, the house where they live?
Randall's way more successful than Sterling is and they saved way more money. It's true. They are financially OK.
You were on Season 3 “Insecure,” as Lionel, one of the many nice, available men rejected by Molly (Yvonne Orji). You were the only one who didn't drop the F-bomb, who didn't use the N-word.
[Series creator] Issa [Rae] and I have a Stanford [University, where Brown received their B.A.] connection. And I admire someone who knows their own voice so well. That they can write for themselves in that way. And I love the show. I love its depiction of young black professional men. You don't get to see it that often. I said, “If there's anything I can do, you'll let me know.” I just stepped in. It was real quick. And I didn't wear my glasses.
You made several movies on hiatus
I was in Canada working on “The Predator.” And then I made a movie with Jodie Foster here called “Hotel Artemis.” It takes place about seven years in the future in LA and there is a riot going on due to a shortage of water. The rich are hoarding water and the poor are rioting. I play a bank robber and there's a heist gone wrong. There's an injury that happens in the midst of the riot and [the robbers] have to go someplace to heal.
So now that you're the next Bryan Cranston, how are they going to keep you on “This Is Us”?
Yo! You got a contract. I don't want to leave the show. [Creator] Dan [Fogelman] has set it up that we're doing 18 episodes a season, which still gives us five-and-a-half months to explore different opportunities during our hiatus. It's a great show. It moves me the same way it moves our public. I get to be home with my kids and wife and do a great job? I'll ride it 'til the wheels fall off.
Tennessee Bureau of Investigation(DICKSON, Tenn.) — A Tennessee sheriff made an emotional appeal for the public's help in finding a person of interest believed to be connected to the shooting death of a sheriff's deputy during a traffic stop.
“Our hearts shattered with this,” Dickson County Sheriff Joe Bledsoe said at a news conference this afternoon.
The deputy who was killed has been identified as Sgt. Daniel Scott Baker, who started with the department 10 years ago and was also a member of the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve.
Bledsoe said that Baker moved up through the ranks and was “one of our best deputies.”
“He's one of the guys that puts it on the line every day to keep our community safe,” Bledsoe said of Baker, who is survived by a wife and daughter.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has released the name and a photo of the person of interest in the case, whom they have identified as Steven Wiggins.
The agency wrote on Twitter that Wiggins is “believed to be armed and dangerous,” and called for the public's help to find him.
Bledsoe said that Baker came into contact with Wiggins after they responded to a call about a suspicious vehicle.
Acting TBI Director Jason Locke said that when Baker didn't check in after the call, attempts were made to track them and their vehicle down using GPS.
The vehicle was found in a wooded area, two miles away from the location of the original suspicious vehicle call, Locke said, adding that video from the area confirmed to authorities that Wiggins was the suspect responsible for Baker's death.
Wiggins has been added to the state's Top 10 Most Wanted list along with a $7,500 reward for information.
On the Top 10 listing, it states that they are wanted for aggravated assault and theft, while also being a person of interest in the killing of the deputy.
TBI records show that Wiggins is 31 years old and has previously been arrested for multiple cases of assault and domestic assault, as well as cases involving aggravated kidnapping, false imprisonment, leaving the scene of an accident, unlawful possession of a weapon and theft.
Bledsoe said that a member of the deputy's family has been told of their death, and they are “devastated, just like we are.”
“Even though our hearts [are] broken, we're driven right now with a focus and resolve that this person is captured,” Bledsoe said.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
× Police say missing 90-year-old woman with dementia found safe
**Update: KCPD says that Bessie Edwards was found and is safe.**
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Police are asking for the public's help in finding a missing woman.
Bessie L. Edwards was last seen at their home on June 12, 2018 near 24th and Chestnut. The home is in the vicinity of Mt. St. Mary's Cemetery.
Edwards is 90 years old. They have gray hair and brown eyes. Edwards is suffering from dementia.
If you see Edwards or know anything about their whereabouts contact KCPD Missing Person 816-234-5136.
Nursing homeowner refuses to turn on air conditioning The owner of a Brooklyn nursing home is refusing to turn on the air conditioning for the handful of seniors who live there — a cold-hearted attempt to boot them...
NYC centenarians reveal their secrets to a long life There must be something in the water. By the end of the year, 10 percent of the residents of a church-affiliated Queens Village nursing home will be 100 or older....
Nurse's aide 'pummeled' 80-year-old patient at home A nurse's aide allegedly pummeled an 80-year-old bedridden nursing home patient in Far Rockaway – causing widespread injuries that landed the woman in a hospital, the attorney general announced Thursday....
10 things retirement communities won't tell you You'll need a Ph.D. to tell us apart Active-adult communities, assisted-living facilities, continuing-care retirement communities — that's just the tip of the jargon iceberg for places people 55 and over...
Nursing home sued over death of wandering patient A Queens woman died after being allowed to wander the halls of their Manhattan nursing home, medicated and unsupervised, a suit claims. Theresa Walsh, 54, entered Gouverneur Health on Aug....
Nursing home residents voted to bring in strippers: lawyer They weren't helpless victims — they were Golden Girls gone wild! The elderly residents of a Long Island nursing home decided on their own to throw a spring-break-style male-stripper party...
Nursing home hired strippers for patients: suit The elderly residents of a Long Island nursing home saw their shuffleboards replaced by washboard abs when they were subjected to a low-rent Chippendale's striptease in the facility's rec room,...
The California State Senate on Wednesday approved a net neutrality bill that has been called the “gold standard” of such bills in the nation, as states grapple with a controversial repeal of Obama-era federal rules meant to ensure an open internet.
The state senate voted 23 to 12 to adopt SB 822, the bill by State Sen. Scott Wiener, D-San Francisco, in another rebuke to the Trump administration on this issue.
The majority-Republican Federal Communications Commission, led by Chairman Ajit Pai, who was named to their position by President Trump, repealed the 2015 Open Internet Rules. Pai said the net neutrality rules amounted to government overreach and hurts broadband investment.
Earlier this month, the U.S. Senate voted to overturn the repeal, but the effort still has to go through the House, then President Trump.
California and other states, such as New York, Washington, Montana and others, have established or are working to establish their own net neutrality rules since the FCC voted in December to repeal regulations prohibiting traffic discrimination by the companies that control the internet's pipes.
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
Those companies, such as AT&T and Comcast, lobbied against California's SB 822.
A Comcast spokesperson said this week that the company would have no comment about California's bill, but pointed to Comcast's previous statements that it does not block, slow or discriminate against internet content.
AT&T has not yet returned a request for comment Wednesday.
During the discussion prior to the vote, Wiener addressed concerns about California going its own way on the issue that the opposition says should be handled on the federal level.
Sen. Ted Gaines, R-El Dorado, voted no after reading a statement from industry group USTelecom, which is worried about an “overlapping patchwork” of laws on net neutrality.
“I agree, this should be a federal matter,” Wiener said. “The reality is the federal government has abdicated its responsibility.”
The measure now goes to the Assembly, where committee hearings begin in June. The Assembly must vote on the measure by the end of August.
“We have a lot more work to get this bill through the Assembly, but this is a major win in our fight to re-instate net neutrality in California,” Wiener said in a statement after the vote. “I want to thank the enormous grassroots coalition that is fighting tooth and nail to help pass SB 822 and protect a free and open internet.”
One of the advocacy groups that supports the bill is the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Its legislative counsel, Ernesto Falcon, this week called Wiener's bill “the gold standard of state laws” on net neutrality, echoing other sentiment that SB 822 is the most comprehensive of its kind in the nation.
Doug Weight was non-committal about how long they will last, but the Islanders coach rolled out a new top two lines Saturday.
It was a simple tweak — flipping Anthony Beauvillier to the first line for Anders Lee — but Weight said they liked the early results.
“I think it was Leesy's best game in a couple weeks,” Weight said. “I thought Johnny [Tavares'] line created a lot, I thought Beau was excellent. … It's fresh blood and they're all good players.”
Each line — the top trio of Beauvillier, Tavares and Josh Bailey and the second unit of Lee, Mathew Barzal and Jordan Eberle — teamed up for a goal and two assists in the 4-3 win over the Blue Jackets.
Saturday was Pride Night at Barclays Center, part of the NHL's commitment to diversity and inclusion through You Can Play and the LGBT Network.
There are no openly gay players in the NHL, but the league has been at the forefront of professional sports in promoting inclusion.
“I definitely wouldn't have a problem with [a gay player],” said center Casey Cizikas, who was tabbed as the club's ambassador for the night. “We're a tight-knit group and the entire hockey community would stand behind that person.”
Eberle agreed.
see also Islanders to split time between Brooklyn, Long Island The Islanders are moving back to Long Island sooner than...
“If you're good enough to play wherever it is — whether it's the NHL or any sport or do anything — if you're good enough to be there, there's no difference of your sexuality or whatever it is,” Eberle said. “It shouldn't matter.”
Johnny Boychuk missed a 16th straight game with an upper-body injury. The veteran defenseman skated in the morning with the team, but still was unable to go.
“I'm frustrated because I want Johnny to play, but it's not about trying to not let you know what the heck's going on,” Weight said. “I just don't know what's going on. A lot of it, in this situation, is going to be up to Johnny. He's a tough kid. They want to play and it's eating them up, but gotta make sure he's ready.”
Forward Nikolay Kulemin, who underwent shoulder surgery in November and was expected to be out for six months, continued to skate before the Islanders' morning skate Saturday. Weight wanted to be cautious talking about a timetable for Kulemin's recovery, but said they seem to be ahead of schedule.
“He's here every day and he's been on the ice now for close to a couple weeks really working,” Weight said. “It looks like he's shooting the puck pretty well. It would be nice sooner than later for him. It's not a guy that probably on the outside people think a lot about, but he's a glue guy. He's there, he's got good feet, he's uber smart, plays the game the right way and we've missed him.”
Nick Leddy's power-play strike in the first period was their first goal since Nov. 24, getting the monkey off their back after 30 straight games without one.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Shirley MacLaine are also among the stars set as presenters.
At the ripe old age of 26, Aaron Taylor-Johnson is setting the bar pretty high for feminist fatherhood. The British actor, whose Iraq-set thriller “The Wall” opens Friday, is the...
Chip Kelly reportedly wanted to draft Dak Prescott, was overruled by Trent Baalke
The San Francisco 49ers could be looking a lot different right now had their now former general manager made a different decision.
According to NFL Network's Mike Garafolo, former 49ers coach Chip Kelly and others with the team wanted to draft Dak Prescott last April, but were overruled by GM Trent Baalke, who had the final say and was not interested.
According to @MikeGarafolo, Chip Kelly and others in the 49ers building wanted Dak Prescott in the draft but Baalke didn't draft him. Wow. — David Chappine (@DavidChappine) January 2, 2017
One of the final straws for Baalke, yes. https://t.co/8C8xLLD2xo — Mike Garafolo (@MikeGarafolo) January 2, 2017
Can confirm scouts loved Dak and Chip felt they were a fit. I reported this last April. https://t.co/JUYr8bb0la — Matt Miller (@nfldraftscout) January 2, 2017
The rest, as they say, is history. The Niners went 2-14, and Kelly and Baalke are both unemployed as a result. Prescott went to Dallas in the fourth round, took over for an injured Tony Romo, threw for 24 touchdowns and just four interceptions, and led the Cowboys to a 13-3 record and home field advantage throughout the NFC playoffs.
Prescott likely would not have developed as quickly in San Francisco, as the Cowboys are a much better team than the Niners at nearly every position. But if this story is indeed true, you can't blame Kelly for being a little bitter – nor can you blame the 49ers for showing Baalke the door.
There have been rumors that Baalke could end up with another NFL team that may be in need of a quarterback. That team may want to give it some more thought.
By KENNETH DEL VECCHIO
I was the first Congress candidate in the country to endorse Donald Trump, and I was the chairperson of their presidential campaign in New York's 18th Congressional District and Orange County, NY. I have stood with President Trump on the firm ground of their illegal immigration policies from the get-go, and I stand with them on it today. If you need heart surgery, surely do not see me because you would not do well on the operating table. Similarly, if the engine has failed on your automobile or if you need a house built, it would not be in your best interests to call on me for help as I am not expertised in the required fields. With regard to criminal, constitutional and immigration laws, I am indeed qualified, at the highest level. My qualifications have been provided at the end of this Op Ed, for those whose attention I have sustained.
Following is the only moral, legal, and economically rational plan to cure America's illegal immigration pandemic:
(1) Break down – and decisively beat – the Fake News outlets, Hollywood boneheads, so-called academic elites, and plastic politicians, and actually educate Americans about the frightening prospects that U.S. citizens will certainly face if we do not eliminate illegal immigration. Simply, we do not have the land, resources or money to pay for illegals' inhabitation of our nation. We hardly have enough funds to cover the expenses related to our own citizens. The United States will, undoubtedly, be rocked with a cataclysmic economic disaster, in the near future, if illegal entrance is not halted. Such are not the scares of the boogeyman, but a fiscal reality.
(2) Provide permanent residency – but not citizenship – for the 800,000 DACA group (the “DACAs”). At this stage, it would be immoral to deport these people. They arrived, by no decision of their own, and have since grown families, and developed careers and friendships; many, but not nearly all, have contributed as taxpayers. That said, we cannot reward them with citizenship. And we cannot reward them with the right to vote. Affording the DACAs the asupervisorstioned, in layperson's terms, would send a very bad message…As an aside, I repudiate the notion that they will thank Republicans for the passage of a pro-DACA deal and, my Tarot Cards tell me, that the vast majority of these people will vote Democrat. Every Democrat vote is another ballot cast toward a United States without borders, socialism, and mad redistribution of wealth schemes…As another aside, crafting the term “Dreamers” for these people is condescending and a bit insulting – to U.S. citizens who have “dreams” of the “American Dream” who, in some part, have not reached their “dreams” because of an economy stifled by illegals.
(3) Upon receiving permanent residency, each legal-immigrant-to-be must do the following: pay a $5,000 “permanent residency fee” to the U.S. government to offset the economic costs they have caused (and will continue to cause) American citizens. Given that it is understood that a large portion of the DACAs have no employment or otherwise have very little income, as part of the moral component of this plan, they can pay off the $5,000 over five years. Any who fail to make the $5,000 payment during this term shall be immediately deported; there is a singular exception – the miniscule few who suffer from a physical disability that truly prevents them from working…BTW: $5,000 x 800,000 people = $4 trillion. That's enough to pay for the Wall and much more (see #5 below).
(4) All DACAs must provide 100 hours of community service yearly (that's just two hours per week) within the state that they reside—every year, for five years. Any who fail in this regard shall be immediately deported; no exceptions unless a person is in a coma or a paraplegic (and that's because there are numerous ways to provide community service, even for those physically disabled).
(5) Tie the DACA deal into the building of the Wall. Yes, only provide the DACAs permanent residency if a bill is passed by Congress authorizing the Wall at the Southern border of the U.S. That means one, giant wall along the border, just as President Trump promised during their campaign…Everything in politics – and life – is a weighing process and a balancing test. Will the Democrats hurt the DACAs and refuse to authorize the Wall? I think not. And not because they are moral champions of these people, but because it is politically necessary for them. Via the balancing test, the DACAs will stay and the Wall be erected. And, thereafter, there will be significantly less illegal immigration.
(6) Other than the DACAs and one other small group of “illegal” immigrants who came here under Temporary Protection Status (people who originally came here legally and have been permitted to remain here far too long morally deport at this point), all illegal immigrants must be deported. Translation: upon apprehension, they must immediately be deported…Further translation: Deport. Deport. Deport. And then they can try to enter legally…And this goes for any who have visas, which have expired. They must willingly leave upon the expiration of their visas – or be deported at the hands of the U.S. government.
(7) In passing new DACA legislation that will allow the DACAs to permanently reside in America, we are obviously opening the door to a slippery slope. For, what happens when a day after the bill passes, 100 new children illegally enter the U.S.? And what happens to the thousand who enter in the following months? And on and on and on? Will they get the same “amnesty-type” treatment and be given permanent residency like their DACA predecessors? The answer is an affirmative “no”…In the future, under no circumstances, shall there again be a DACA-like group of illegals who gain permanent residency. We have mass communications abilities, at an extraordinary level, in this modern era. Notice shall be hereby provided to all parents from across the world: from this date onward, if you illegally enter the United States with children, of any age, you shall be deported—and your children shall be deported with you. If you pass away and your children are in the U.S. illegally, they shall still be deported, regardless if they have been living in the U.S. for one day or 50 years.
(8) No sanctuary cities…Any city that serves as a sanctuary city shall be cut off from all federal funding. Any elected official who facilitates the perpetuation of a sanctuary city shall be deemed to have committed a felony and immediately removed from his/her office and compelled to serve 500 hours of community service over five years—but not jailed. We do have the 8th Amendment in the U.S., and imprisonment, under this circumstance, would constitutionally constitute “cruel and unusual punishment.”
(9) Of course, no freebies of any kind for illegals. No free education, housing, cell phones, transportation or services of any sort for illegals…Back to morals: if they have an emergency, then our hospitals must care for them. Immediately thereafter, they must be deported—and we will bill the illegals for their medical services. If they cannot pay (which, most likely, they can't), then we shall bill the governments of the countries from which they hail. And if those governments don't pay, we shall economically sanction those countries. This leads to:
(10) The United States shall bill foreign countries for all the economic costs that their citizens cause us through their illegal entries and inhabitations in our country. And if those governments don't pay, we shall economically sanction those countries. This should result in nations from all around the globe enacting internal laws that stifle illegal entry into the U.S…Revisiting morals once again: of course, should any country enact legislation that would amount to “cruel and unusual punishment” against its citizens for illegally entering America, we shall economically sanction those countries for such atrocious laws. Such “cruel and unusual punishment” sanctions shall be in a monetary amount that is far greater than the sanctions that these governments would endure for their failure to pay the costs that their citizens' cause the U.S. via their illegal immigration. Accordingly, the following should logically result: (a) these countries will pay up to us for their citizens illegal entry into America.; and (b) they will enact laws that greatly limit future illegal immigration onto U.S. soil – and such laws will be not contained penalties that constitute “cruel and unusual punishment” or any human rights violations.
(11) Limit chain migration to spouses and minor children. This simply means that upon immigrants being given legal status, the only people who can legally join them in the U.S. are their spouses and minor children – and not any other family members.
(12) Disband the visa lottery system. Allowing immigrants to randomly gain entry for residency/citizenship via a lottery is foolhardy. Legal immigration should be performed on a case-by-case basis wherein an active review of applications should be conducted. We want the best here – and the best way to accomplish getting the best is by an actual submission evaluation. Not through a haphazard selection process which, undoubtedly, allows in misfits and criminals along with fine people.
Employing all of the above would substantially curtail illegal immigration and its ills which, in turn, would lead to far greater economic prosperity for America and its taxpayers. But will this happen? With strong, gutsy leadership – and the true will of the masses of U.S. citizens – this dream can come true.
Kenneth Del Vecchio, ESN publisher and editor-in-chief, is the author of some of the nation's best-selling legal books, including a series of criminal codebooks published by Pearson Education/Prentice Hall and ALM/New Jersey & New York Law Journal Books.  They are a former judge, a former prosecutor and a practicing criminal/entertainment attorney for 23 years, wherein they have tried over 400 cases. Mr. Del Vecchio is also an acclaimed filmmaker who has written, produced and directed over 30 movies that star 100+ film and TV stars, including several Academy Award and Emmy winners and nominees. Their films are distributed through industry leaders such as Sony Pictures, NBCUniversal, Cinedigm, and E-1 Entertainment. They have starred in numerous movies, as well. A best-selling political thriller novelist, they penned their first published novel at only 24-years-old. Additionally, Mr. Del Vecchio is the founder and chairperson of Hoboken International Film Festival, called by FOX, Time Warner, and other major media “One of the 10 Biggest Film Festivals in the World.” A frequent political and legal analyst on networks such as Fox News Channel, Mr. Del Vecchio formerly served as the publisher and editorial page editor for a New Jersey daily newspaper.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Fireworks and parades and family time are all nice, but everyone knows the real jewel of the Fourth of July is the annual Nathan's Famous Hot-Dog Eating Contest. Joey Chestnut and Miki Sudo are once again back to defend their titles in 2018, as Coney Island provides the backdrop for the most intense sporting event of the year.
Coverage of this year's contest will be on ESPN 2, starting at Noon ET. If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can still easily watch all the action live on your computer, phone or streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services:
Hulu With Live TV
In addition to a Netflix-like on-demand streaming library, Hulu now also offers a bundle of live TV channels, including ESPN 2. You can sign up for “Hulu with Live TV” right here, and you can then watch a live stream of the tournament on your computer via the Hulu website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Hulu app.
If there's a match or broadcast you can't watch live, “Hulu with Live TV” also comes with 50 hours of Cloud DVR storage (with the ability to upgrade to “Enhanced Cloud DVR,” which gives you 200 hours of DVR space and the ability to fast forward through commercials), allowing you to record the contest if you want.
Sling TV
ESPN 2 is included in the “Sling Orange” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial of both bundles, and you can then watch the contest live on your computer via the Sling TV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app.
If you can't watch live, you can get 50 hours of cloud DVR storage as an additional add-on.
ESPN Platforms
You can also watch the contest live your computer via ESPN.com, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the ESPN app.
You'll need to sign in to a cable provider in order to watch the contest this way, but if you don't have cable, you can still just sign up for one of the above options and then use your Hulu or Sling TV credentials to sign in and watch on ESPN's platforms.
Other events being broadcasted today, for the 4th of July holiday, include Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular and A Capitol Fourth. The Macy's spectacular takes place in New York City and some of the performers included in this year's event are Kelly Clarkson, Keith Urban, Blake Shelton and the American Authors. The show airs from 8 – 10 p.m. ET/PT on the NBC network, with a shortened encore presentation airing directly after, from 10 – 11 p.m. ET/PT. A Capitol Fourth will air on the PBS channel and some of this year's performers include The Temptations, Beach Boys, Pentatonix, Andy Grammer, Chita Rivera, Renee Fleming, Luke Combs, Lauren Alaina, Kyla Jade, CeCe Winans, and Jimmy Buffett. John Stamos is returning as the show's host and told WTOP that he's excited to be a part of the show again.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Crews are responding to a gas leak Friday night at the Country Club Plaza, officials say.
The Kansas City Fire Department and gas company Spire are working to resolve the problem near 47th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue. Meanwhile, KC police are helping divert traffic in the area.
No stores in the area have been evacuated.
Information about what caused the gas leak was not immediately available. This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — The Senate's top leader says it's “premature” to tout President Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize in pursuing a peace deal with North Korea.
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell chuckled as they mentioned the “chagrin” it would cause the Nobel committee to award Trump the world's most coveted diplomatic prize.
The Republican senator made the comments this week to WHAS-AM in their home state of Kentucky.
U.S. and North Korean officials are continuing talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. McConnell says the U.S. should always be “skeptical” when dealing with North Korea, but says it's good that Trump and Kim could meet.
Image copyright Google Image caption The crash happened on the A31 near Merley
A teenage motorcyclist has died after their bike was involved in a crash with a van.
The red and black Hyosung motorcycle collided with a white Ford Transit panel van on the A31 near Merley, Poole, at about 12:50 BST.
The rider of the motorbike - a 17-year-old boy from Bournemouth - died at the scene. Their family has been informed and the coroner notified.
A 48-year-old man from Southampton, who was driving the van, was uninjured.
Police are appealing for witnesses.
Sgt Fern Graham added: "I would also like to hear from anyone who saw the manner of driving or riding of either vehicle before the collision or has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle."
Both lanes of the A31 were closed between the Merley and Canford Bottom roundabouts while investigations were carried out.
European NGOs claim they are being prevented from rescuing migrants at sea amid a “political crackdown” that has left their vessels stuck on dry land.
German charity Sea Watch told Euronews that its search and rescue plane had been denied permission to continue operating from Malta, while its ship Sea Watch 3 was being banned from leaving a Maltese port.
In an email to Sea Watch seen by Euronews, DC Aviation Dispatch — the interface between the NGO and Maltese Authorities — quoted officials as saying that no permit would be issued for any search and rescue operation “unless this is being done on behalf of Malta or on request by a neighbouring country”.
Sea Watch 3 requested to leave a port after undergoing maintenance earlier this week but the port authority refused, saying that the vessel's status was under review.
Sea Watch spokesperson Ruben Neugebauer told Euronews the NGO believed the decisions were part of a “political crackdown” on civil sea rescue, and compared it to stopping an ambulance trying to reach a road traffic accident.
“We [have been] conducting search and rescue operations from Maltese ports and airports for more than two years. We never had problems getting into operations. This has changed now with the crackdown on civil sea rescue,” they said.
“We did not have such problems before — this is clearly a political problem. There is a crackdown on sea rescue.”
Asked about the situation with Sea Watch, Malta's Transport Centre said the country's search and rescue authority "does not request any surveillance missions by third parties to be conducted within its Search and Rescue Region and Flight Information Region".
The Ministry for Home Affairs and National Security did not respond to requests for comment.
Neugebauer said Sea Watch would now do everything it could to get operational again.
“We will challenge the Maltese Authorities with legal steps for sure and we will see which other possibilities we will find to come back to operations as soon as possible — because people are dying right now.”
Another humanitarian ship, Lifeline, was detained in Malta last week after the country for the first time in years opened its port to a large number of migrants.
Lifeline's captain attended a court hearing on Monday in which the prosecutor said the ship was not properly registered.
The groups operating both ships deny any wrongdoing.
Meanwhile, the Aquarius rescue vessel remains docked in the French city of Marseille.
“Given the recent political developments preventing #NGO vessels to rescue lives at sea, we are forced to take some time to assess the situation before going back at sea as soon as possible,” SOS Méditerranée said on Twitter.
Is this legal?
Dr Violeta Moreno-Lax, a migration law expert and senior lecturer at Queen Mary University of London, told Euronews that Malta's policy towards Sea Watch and other migrant vessels “fails to conform with international law and specifically with the regime of innocent passage provided for in the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS),” which the country is party to.
UNCLOS states that ships have the right of innocent passage through the waters of any coastal state.
Passage is defined in UNCLOS as navigation through a territorial sea for purposes including heading to and from a port facility.
This is “exactly the situation of search and rescue NGOs willing to operate from Maltese ports,” Moreno-Lax said.
They acknowledged that states can take measures to prevent “non-innocent” passage, which can include the disembarkation of people violating the immigration laws of the coastal states.
But, they noted, passage cannot be impeded in cases where it is necessary to render assistance.
UNCLOS also states that protective measures must be “non-discriminatory ‘in form or in fact' among foreign ships”.
“Any requirements imposed in order to ensure safety of navigation and the proper regulation of maritime traffic have to apply across the board to all ships, whatever their flag and the lawful activity in which they are engaged,” Moreno-Lax explained.
Jennifer Lawrence was spotted at the mall with HUGE bling on THAT finger. Could they be engaged to their director boyfriend, Darren Aronofsky?
Check out the ring here.
Saudi Arabian stocks are trading at the most expensive level since 2015 relative to emerging markets as foreign investors continue buying into a potential status upgrade by MSCI Inc. as oil surges.
The Tadawul All Share Index is trading at 15 times estimated earnings per share for the coming year, versus 12 times for the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The spread between the measures is the widest since August 2015.
As of April 19, foreign investors were net buyers of Saudi stocks for the 16th straight week. They were net purchasers of 1.4 billion riyals ($370 million), more than any other week since at least October 2015, when Bloomberg started compiling the data.
The Saudi main stock index has gained about 15 percent this year. Investors are betting that MSCI will upgrade the kingdom to emerging market status in June, with implementation starting next year, after a similar decision by FTSE Russell last month.
Anticipation of the upgrade is rising as Brent crude trades at the highest level since 2014, which is beneficial for corporate earnings in the country that's the biggest exporter of the commodity globally. An initial public offering of oil giant Saudi Aramco in Riyadh could further boost interest in the local stock exchange.
Here are some other facts on Saudi Arabia's stock market:
When you read a column with a "superlatives" theme, you probably expect the occasional act of hyperbole. From time to time, I may even have been guilty of such an act. Ladies and gentlemen, this is not one of those times.
I firmly believe, without recourse to exaggeration or hot-takery, that we just lived through the greatest four-day opening stretch in NCAA tournament history, and it's an argument I'm willing to defend with all that remains of my tattered Internet reputation. Sure, it's a big statement, and I understand that we need to weigh the evidence with utmost care. It's not a topic to take lightly, because if I'm right, that means things just got historic right in front of our eyes. But even knowing the stakes, and accounting for the nasty recency bias, I still think the answer is "yes, yes, 100 percent yes." I'll do my best to restrain myself in the argument to come, but I make no promises.
The first piece of evidence on my side is a real heavyweight. If high-priced lawyers were arguing this case instead of a blogger who hasn't left the sofa in 96 hours, this would undoubtedly be EXHIBIT A. You already know what I'm going to say, right?
A 16-seed just beat a 1-seed.
Repeat: A 16-SEED JUST BEAT A 1-SEED.
And the reality was even crazier than that already-crazy sentence implies, because it wasn't just any 1-seed. It was the 1-seed—the team chosen by the committee as the best in the entire bracket. And they didn't lose on a buzzer beater, or some flukey piece of bad luck. They got beat in the first round by TWENTY POINTS. I mean, is this real life?
I don't need to tell you that it's never happened before. Since the tournament expanded to 64 teams in 1985 (and later to 68), 16-seeds have amassed the following record against 1-seed: One win, 135 losses. That lone victory came on Friday, and it belongs to UMBC, a school whose name, at first glance, is easily confused with the United Methodist Church. The "Retrievers" (hilarious mascot for a literal underdog...they didn't even pick a ferocious dog!) play out of Baltimore, and before 2018, their athletic claim to fame was...nothing. Now? They're legendary.
Before Friday night, I legitimately wasn't sure if I'd see a 16-seed would get a win in my lifetime, and I'm not even that old. The idea was borderline preposterous. It was one of the great impossible feats in sports, and, my God, it actually $%*ing happened. Watching the Retrievers hold on against Virginia was epic, but even with five minutes to go and the game seemingly in hand, every part of me expected the glorious triumph to be wrenched from us at the last minute. I still can't believe it happened. We could go 40 years without ever seeing it again, easily.
That's a huge argument in favor of "greatest opening weekend" status all by itself, but since we can't let the argument stand on just one piece of supporting evidence, let's look at what else the 2018 tourney delivered:
—Loyola-Chicago: A quirky 11-seed making the Sweet 16, with a 98-year-old nun named "Sister Jean" serving as their unofficial mascot, leading them in pregame prayers, and winning America's heart.
—An iconic buzzer beater that will live on in tournament montages: Watch Michigan's Jordan Poole do their thing:
It's also well worth listening to the call on Michigan radio.
—Thrilling end-games: The asupervisorstioned Loyola-Chicago beating Tennessee with a jumper that hit every part of the rim before dropping; the Nevada comeback against Texas; Rob Gray giving Houston a one-point lead with a gutsy drive, and then surviving the extremely good look for the game-winner on SDSU's last possession; Loyola-Chicago with near buzzer-beater against Miami in the first round; Kansas, Auburn, Michigan State, and Gonzaga all holding off Cinderella upset bids.
—Cool players on mediocre teams doing cool things before they go to the NBA. Collin Sexton (Bama) and Trae Young (Oklahoma) aren't around anymore, but it was fun as hell watching them try to win games all by themselves.
—Enough blue-blood chalk to ensure a great tournament going forward—along with the fun Cinderella teams, we've also got Duke, Villanova, Kansas, and Kentucky still in the mix.
—A cheaters-never-prosper morality tale with Buffalo absolutely annihilating Arizona (OK, fine, I don't really believe that narrative, because the real bad guys are the NCAA ).
—A coach who wears a t-shirt under a blazer winning a first round game. As David Roth said, Marshall's Dan D'Antoni always dresses like they lost their airline luggage.
—Everyone cheering against Providence so their creepy-as-hell mascot would go away. (Note: It will not go away. It will live on in your dreams.)
With all arguments considered, I have to conclude that yes, this is the best first weekend in the history of March Madness. In fact, I'm not even sure it's close. We had all the ingredients that make a normal tournament really fun, and then we had a 16-seed beat a 1-seed.
I'm all for making strong cases for weak causes, but I actually think this one is ironclad. I've usually got a terrible case of basketball fatigue by Sunday night, but this year, I wish it would never end.
Solid Proof that 2018 Tigers is a New Tiger
Can you imagine Tiger circa 2000 laughing after this happened?
He's a changed man! Old Tiger would rip out the flagstick, found the specific guy who cuts holes every morning, and impaled them through the heart.
Drunk Sports Hooligans of the Week: Golf Fans
At least according to Rory McIlroy, who had to listen to dumb, drunk fans in Florida shout their wife's name at them as they played golf, and now thinks limiting alcohol sales might be a good solution. And frankly? The man is right. I walked with them for a few rounds during the 2016 Ryder Cup at Hazeltine, and the abuse they endured was ridiculous. People often note that the rules of etiquette for sports like golf and tennis far different from the team sports, when fans scream at the athletes as they're playing, but what they also ignore is that golf presents a far more personal venue for interacting with the players. There are huge chunks of time in between shots when the players are walking near the gallery (sometimes within touching distance), and getting heckled by an idiot in those circumstances is an immediate, intimate kind of experience that you don't get in most team sports. It's more directed, more inescapable, and it's infinitely harder to ignore.
Pinterest Keyur Khamar/PGA Tour
Beyond the fact that I can't imagine why any fan would want to spend their or their time insulting a professional athlete that isn't even on an opposing team, I don't see a great reason why we should make it easier for these people to get obliterated at a golf course. A couples week ago, I had a debate with myself about whether Justin Thomas went too far getting a fan kicked out for bad behavior, but as time passes, they seem more and more sympathetic to me.
The Runningest 100-year-old in world history: Orville Rogers!
Look at this guy run! Note that Rogers is in lane 2, wearing white and doesn't win the race, but they do set a world record in the 60m sprint for people over the age of 100.
I'm lodging an official protest that poor Rogers is forced to compete against bright-eyed youngsters like race winner Edward Cox, a spring chicken at age 90.
Last thought: Can we get Orville Rogers and Sister Jean of Loyola-Chicago to star together in some kind of buddy comedy for the ages? Maybe one where they team up to defeat the Providence Friar for good? Hollywood, please jump on this.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Campbell starred in the original Evil Dead films
Bruce Campbell's Ash Williams is no more.
The news comes following Friday's announcement that Sunday's final episode of Ash vs Evil Dead Season 3 would also be the series finale.
Campbell, who has played anti-hero Ash Williams in the horror/comedy on and off since 1981, said it had been "the role of a lifetime".
Fans campaigned for another network to take on the Starz show but Campbell tweeted: "I'm retired as Ash."
In an earlier tweet, posted after news of the cancellation of the series was announced, Campbell thanked Starz, creator Sam Raimi and executive producer Rob Tapert and "our tireless fans".
Skip Twitter post 2 by @GroovyBruce Ash Vs Evil Dead has been the ride of a lifetime. Ash Williams was the role of a lifetime.
I will always be grateful to Starz, Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert and our tireless fans for the opportunity to revisit the franchise that launched our careers. Thank you! 😎 pic.twitter.com/oNmTopS1Ab — Bruce Campbell (@GroovyBruce) April 20, 2018 Report
Old school friends, Campbell and Raimi began working on the horror film Evil Dead after graduating from university.
Considered one of the most violent films of its time, it caused controversy when it was released in 1981.
It was given an X-rating and was included in a group of "video nasties" - a term used to describe extremely violent and disturbing, low-budget horror films from the US and Italy.
Its comic book levels of gore and violence have now helped it become something of a cult classic.
The success of the film spawned two sequels: Evil Dead II and Army of Darkness.
A remake of Evil Dead was released in 2013.
Campbell reprised the role of Ash in the recent Starz TV reboot, with the first series airing in 2015.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today.”
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and “totally disputed in most cases.” It said “the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes.”
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement “laughable.”
Crooks says of sexual misconduct: “I think politicians seem to be immune to this.”
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior.
There is still plenty of time for visitors to the Captain Cook Memorial Museum in Whitby to enjoy this year's exhibition, From Kamchatka to Krakatoa: the Cook Voyages in Asia.
We do not often associate Cook with Asia but in fact they stopped at Batavia (modern Jakarta, Indonesia) on their way home from the first voyage.
On the third voyage, after a failed attempt to find anorth west passage between the Pacificand the Atlantic, their crew travelled down the eastern coast of Asia after Cook's death in Hawai'i.
Despite the loss of Cook, this voyage was asuccess in many ways.
New islands and coasts were charted, peoples and their ways of life were described and many plant specimens collected. At this time, Europeans were very keen to develop trade with China for valuable commodities such as silks, porcelain and spices.
The voyagers discovered that sea otter pelts, brought from the North West coast of America, were highly prized in China and this might help to open up trade between the east and the west.
Voyage artist John Webber documented a great dealof what was found on the third voyage, and their drawings provide a fascinating picture of eastern Asia in the 18th Century seen through the eyes of a European visitor.
Many of their drawings illustrated the official accountof the voyage which was published after their return. This exhibition looks at the Asian coast from Eastern Siberia to Indonesia and includes examples of drawings and artefacts which bring the voyages to life.
From a Siberian costume made from reindeer, aChinese silk jacket and printed Indonesian batik, to an account of the eruption of Krakatoa and the chewing of betel nuts, the exhibition is a celebrationof the wealthof life and culture experienced by thetravelling sailors.
The museum is open this year until Sunday November 5 although it does open by appointment during the winter closure – call (01947) 601900 or email info@cookmuseum whitby.co.uk to arrange this.
Opening times for 2018 are: Saturday February 10 to Friday March 23, 11am to 3pm daily; Saturday March 24 to Sunday November 4, 9.45am to 5pm daily.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) - The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
11:50 a.m.
A woman who police say was hit and killed by an Uber self-driving vehicle has been identified as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg.  They are believed to be the first person killed by a self-driving vehicle.
Police in a Phoenix suburb says Herzberg had been walking outside of a crosswalk Sunday night when they were struck by the vehicle. They died from their injuries at a local hospital.
Uber suspended its self-driving tests in a handful of cities Monday following the crash.
The National Transportation Safety Board has sent a small team to Tempe to investigate what happened.
Uber expressed condolences to Herzberg's family and says it is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital and their name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A late rally propelled the Joel Barlow High baseball team to a 6-2 win over host Bunnell on Monday, April 17.
Barlow trailed 2-0 after three innings and did not get on the board until the top of the fifth with one run. Down to its last at bat, Barlow plated five runs and retired the Bulldogs in the last of the seventh.
Kyle Andreoli had three hits for Barlow and drove in a run. Clark Gilmore had two hits, including a double, with an RBI. Matt McGannon and Andrew Johnson drove in one and two runs respectively. Mark D'Augelli also drove in a run.
On the mound, Gilmore went six innings with six runs (two earned) with one strikeout for the win. McGannon pitched the seventh for the save, striking out two.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 29 May 2018:
A memo issued last week to government ministries and agencies by the Secretary to President Bio – Dennis Vandi, ordering them to set aside Acts of parliament passed by parliamentarians, has caused a political row prompting calls for their sacking.
Some opposition APC top brass have even gone as far as referring to their gaff as treasonable offence. In their misleading memo, the Secretary to President Bio – Dennis Vandi said: “His Excellency the President has directed that you put on hold the implementation of Finance Acts 2016, 2017 and 2018 until further notice.”
But yesterday, Denis Vandi put out a statement apologising for the gaff and for erroneously ascribing their memo to the president. This is what they said:
“The Office of the President wishes to remind the general public that Finance Acts 2016, 2017 and 2018 were enacted by Parliament which has the sole authority to amend or alter any part therein on the request of the Minister of Finance.
“In a Memorandum dated 24th May 2018 to the Financial Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Ref: OP/BF 266355/01, titled “IMPLEMENTATION OF THE FINANCE ACTS 2016, 2017 AND 2018”, I stated: “Following a meeting held yesterday 23rd May 2018 with a cross-section of the Sierra Leone Business Community, Their Excellency the President has directed that you put on hold the implementation of Finance Acts 2016, 2017 and 2018 until further notice.”
“I erred in that Memorandum by ascribing to Their Excellency the President that they made such a direction. The President DID NOT give such a direction knowing that section 110 (1) of Act No. 6 of 1991 clearly states: “No taxation shall be imposed or altered otherwise than by or under the authority of an Act of Parliament.”
“During the meeting, Their Excellency the President expressed serious concern about the impact of any taxation on ordinary people and therefore ONLY suspended discussions on the matter pending further consultation with the Ministry of Finance and Development Partners.
“Accordingly, the Office of the President wishes to inform the business community and the general public that all relevant laws relating to revenue collection remain valid until so amended by an Act of Parliament. I also wish to apologise to the business community and the general public for any inconvenience this miscommunication might have caused.”
Hoping that the opposition APC would have claimed its first SLPP government scalp, the APC National Publicity Secretary (APC) and Former Deputy Minister of Information and Communications – Cornelius Deveaux, published this statement:
“Just fifty days into the five-year term of the SLPP government of Julius Maada Bio, adding to the cacophony of human rights violations and administrative, constitutional and diplomatic blunders, the government has issued a directive which will not just throw the financial market into turbulence and engender economic recession but could be considered treasonable.
“A memo dated 24 May, 2018, from the Secretary to the President to the Financial Secretary, stating that following a meeting between the President and a cross-section of the business community the President has directed that the Financial Secretary put on hold the implementation of the Financial Acts of 2015, 2016 and 2017 until further notice, is not just unreasonable but could also be considered treasonable as it is in blatant violation of critical sections of the 1991 Constitution.
“This memo, for all its intent and purposes, changes the dynamics of the financial market overnight, including taxation. It is not just in contravention of Section 110 of the 1991 Constitution which states “no taxation shall be imposed or altered otherwise than by or under the authority of an Act of Parliament”, but also clearly suspends this provision, which is an entrenched clause, by indicating that a technical committee has been constituted to review these Acts thus, again, taking away the principal responsibility of Parliament to make and amend laws.
“The suspension of the implementation of the 2015, 2016 and 2017 Finance Acts by a memo from the Secretary to the President to the Financial Secretary is therefore, without any equivocation, illegal as much as it is unconstitutional and treasonable.
“Section 108, subsection (8) of the 1991 Constitution is unambiguous in declaring that ” any suspension, alteration or repeal of this Constitution other than on the authority of Parliament shall be deemed to be an act of treason “.
“However, it is only Parliament that can hold the government accountable for this very serious constitutional breach. This, notwithstanding, institutions of good governance also have a responsibility to speak out against the incessant rape of 1991 Constitution since the SLPP was declared winner of the March 31, 2018, presidential run off election in questionable circumstances. Surprisingly, they've all gone mute.
“It is further important to understand the wide ranging ramifications of the treasonous directive to suspend the implementation of the Financial Acts of 2015, 2016 and 2017. The directive, in its self, is a clear indication of naivety and shows that the SLPP government is at a total loss of a proper direction in dealing with the economy.
“This treasonous suspension will engender a financial turbulence resulting to serious loss of revenue and a recession. It will also undermine the local content policy while removing all of the protections enjoyed by local industries.
“It is only those in the business community who are engaged in the importation of essential commodities such as alcohol and beverages, rice, flour etc who will benefit at the expense of the local content policy and the development of local industries.
“And, of course, suspending the implementation of these Acts correspondingly means suspending the ASYCUDA system. The Automated System for Customs Data (ASYCUDA) is a computerized system designed by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) to administer a country's customs.
“UNCTAD's aim was to build a computer system to assist customs authorities (or their local equivalents) all over the world to automate and control their core processes and obtain timely, accurate and valuable information to support government projections and planning.
“This will have serious implications on government projection and planning and also accountability and transparency in custom revenue generation. Consequently, there is going to be a significant drop in customs and excise revenue.
“It is also important to note that all of these Acts came into being after extensive consultations with the World Bank, IMF and other development partners who provided technical expertise to the Finance Committee in Parliament at all stages of drafting and passing the bills into laws.
“If Parliament and other relevant stakeholders, including our development partners, do not stand up against this outright bastardization of the 1991 Constitution, it could be a nod to opening the floodgates of an economic recession unprecedented in the history of Sierra Leone and with dire consequences on the economy and the socio economic wellbeing of the people and local industries.”
This is the leaked memo erroneously sent out by president Bio's secretary, ordering Acts of Parliament to be halted:
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
