MIAMI (AP) — School district officials in Florida said they followed standard protocol last week when a 7-year-old boy was placed in handcuffs and removed from their school — and they say it was the second time since the school year began that the first-grader had to be restrained following aggressive behavior.
The latest episode occurred Thursday, when a teacher at the Coral Way K-8 Center in Miami told the boy to stop playing with their food in the cafeteria. When the child refused to stop, they were taken from the cafeteria, according to an incident report from Miami-Dade County Public Schools police officer Munick Soriano.
The report said the boy hit the teacher repeatedly in the back when they were in a hallway outside the cafeteria. The child continued punching and kicking the teacher until they both fell on the ground, according to the report, which also said they grabbed them hair.
The boy was hospitalized briefly at Miami Children's Hospital under the Florida Mental Health Act, based on behavioral criteria that indicated they could pose a threat to themselves or others, school district officials said. Authorities later said it was the second time officers had resorted to handcuffing the student under the same law.
The child's mother, Mercy Alvarez, said their son doesn't have a mental disorder. Instead, they called what happened to their son "police abuse."
"If my child wasn't aggressive anymore when we got there, like they were saying they were before, why take such extreme measures?" they said.
Alvarez said their child didn't show aggressive behavior at home until the school year started; they said in past years they had gotten good grades, participated in other activities and behaved well.
"This is too much for a boy that age to go through. It can't be a normal procedure," they said.
Alvarez recorded the incident last week with their cellphone and shared it on Facebook, where it has been viewed nearly 3 million times.
In their report, Soriano wrote that another teacher and several students witnessed the incident, which was also captured on the school's surveillance camera. The boy's parents were notified and came to the school, the report said.
The child's father agreed with school officials that the child should be taken to a mental health facility, the report said. But the mother disagreed, telling officials nothing was wrong with their son. Alvarez said the officer was threatening to take the child to jail if they didn't agree to have them taken to a mental health facility for an evaluation.
The teacher told the officer their back was hurting after the incident but they didn't have any visible injuries. They told officials they intend to press charges, the report said.
School district spokesperson Jaquelyn Calzadilla said in an email that the boy wasn't actually arrested, but "restrained for transport."
Ian Moffett, the school district's police chief, said in a statement that it was "rare for students this young to be Baker Acted," referring to a Florida law that allows police and certain other officials to initiate an involuntary institutionalization for a psychological evaluation.
"However this action was warranted to prevent their erratic and violent behavior from bringing further harm to others or himself," the statement said.
Moffett said the officer followed standard operating procedures in taking the child to the hospital. However, the district's Professional Compliance Unit is investigating the incident.
Later Monday, school district officials released a report showing this was the second time the boy had been restrained at school and taken to the same hospital for an examination. According to the report, the student punched students and staff members on Nov. 30 and acted aggressively toward Soriano when they responded.
The district says the boy was allowed to ride with a parent to the hospital that time. Alvarez said neither they nor the child's father was allowed to accompany him, either in November or last week.
___
Freida Frisaro in Miami contributed to this report.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) -- Defense has been No. 2 Virginia's calling card since Tony Bennett became the coach nine years ago.
The Cavaliers play at a pace that some have described as boring, but it's one its players and fans have come to embrace. Shot-clock violations are celebrated as much as tomahawk dunks. When the opposing shot clock dips below 10 seconds, it's as if the fans are seconds away from free pizza.
Virginia held Clemson to a season-low 36 points and Louisville to 64, more than 14 below the Cardinals' average. They'll try to do the same at Syracuse on Saturday. The Orange scored 61 in a loss in the teams' first meeting.
''If you were going to tell me we would come in here and shoot 50 percent and score 64 points, I would have liked our chances but sometimes the other team just makes more shots than you do, so you just have to give them all the credit in the world.'' Cardinals coach David Padgett said. ''There is a reason they are number two in the country.''
Humility, it seems, has a lot to do with it.
That, and, Virginia's ability to impose their will on opponents
A lot of the Cavaliers' defensive success comes from its patience and execution on offense. It's a different strategy that Syracuse's famed 2-3 defense, using lengthy players to clog up the inside, or pressure defenses like West Virginia and VCU employs to speed up the game. Virginia wants to slow people down, make them play at its pace.
''It is exciting because people don't appreciate it, don't talk about us at all and that's fine,'' sophomore guard Ty Jerome said of the defensive acumen. ''We don't care. People call us boring, this and that, but we don't care. This is who we are and we're going to embrace it and our fans embrace it and that's what's most important.''
PAYSON, Utah (AP) — The father of a boy who has Down syndrome is suing the Boys Scouts of America for blocking their son from becoming an Eagle scout and revoking their merit badges.
Logan Blythe has been a scout through the National Parks Council in Utah. Their father, Chad, says the 15-year-old has advanced because the council has made accommodations when necessary.
They had planned to create kits for special-needs babies for their Eagle project when the family learned the national organization voided every merit badge they obtained.
The family sued the Boy Scouts and the Utah National Parks Council for "outrageous and reckless conduct."
The organization says it worked with the committee and the Blythe family to offer "alternative merit badges" and a path to becoming an Eagle.
By Abby Hassler
Big Boi might be from Atlanta, but that didn't stop them from showing their love for The Golden Warriors in a recent run-in with TMZ. The Outkast rap legend revealed they won $100,000 betting on the Warriors during the NBA Finals.
Related: Big Boi Drops New Track ‘Chocolate' Featuring Trozé
In Game 5 of the Finals, the Warriors pulled out a 129-120 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. Warriors newcomer and industry superstar Kevin Durant snagged the coveted MVP award.
TMZ also asked Big Boi if they thought the Warriors would visit the White House. Their answer was short but definitive: “No.”
Watch the video below.
ZURICH (AP) — FIFA has cleared teenage midfielder Sergei Eremenko to play for Russia at the World Cup by approving their change of national eligibility from Finland.
FIFA says a request by the Russian Football Union was approved Monday.
The 19-year-old Eremenko was born in Russia and currently plays on loan at Spartak Moscow. Their father, Alexei, has Finnish citizenship after playing and coaching there for much of their career.
Sergei Eremenko represented Finland at youth level, following their elder brothers Alexei and Roman, who have both played more than 50 times for the full national team.
Roman Eremenko was playing for CSKA Moscow in 2016 when they tested positive for cocaine at a Champions League game. Their two-year ban by UEFA expires in October.
Got a job? Chances are you went through a lengthy interview process to land the gig. Well done, you! But should endless conversations with anonymous hiring managers be the only way?
Yale professor Jason Dana says no. They discuss this in a recent piece for the New York Times titled "The Utter Uselessness of Job Interviews."
So it got us here at Marketplace Weekend thinking — does Dana have a point? If you're a recruiter, what choices do you have to find the right candidate without an interview? And if you're on the job hunt, would it feel weird not being interviewed?
Of course, we know you have something to say about this, so let's hear your thoughts. Whether you're a student gearing up to find a job after graduation this summer or you're a professional switching careers, we want to hear from you.
We'll have more on this on the next show. Dana will outline their argument for ditching job interviews, and we'll also hear from Alison Green, of Ask a Manager, on how to slam your job interview, no matter what's thrown at you.
So come join the conversation.
Hit us up on Twitter and Facebook. Send us an email at Weekend@marketplace.org, or give us a call: (800) 648-5114.
New Minnesota football coach P.J. Fleck can now "Row The Boat" in the land of 10,000 lakes.
Sources said Fleck's agent Bryan Harlan reached an agreement Wednesday with Western Michigan for the university to transfer rights to the phrase, which was used by Fleck but trademarked by the university.
The trademark, filed by the university in May 2013 and registered in September 2015, will be transferred to Harlan's company, Harlan Sports, sources said. Harlan and Fleck are then expected to allow Minnesota to use the mark as it sees fit, including on merchandise, as long as Fleck is with the school.
In return, Fleck will give Western Michigan at least $50,000 through five payments of $10,000 to endow a scholarship for a football player.
The phrase started in February 2011 when Fleck's son Colt died of a heart condition. Fleck has said it is meant to signify a "never give up" attitude despite what life throws at you.
"I really hope because of what it means, that I have the ability to at least purchase it, take it with me, and continue to change other people's lives through tragedy, through adversity, in just a different area," Fleck told ESPN.com last month.
Fleck was hired by the Golden Gophers in January, after Western Michigan's magical run to the Cotton Bowl. They have a five-year, $18.5 million contract.
Interested in Taxes? Add Taxes as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Taxes news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The Treasury Department just gave Republicans ammunition that their tax cuts would pay for themselves.
But the one-page memo relies on a mathematical gimmick: It includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Economic growth at that level would, in theory, be enough to keep the national debt from rising.
But most analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
The Treasury Department report enables President Donald Trump to claim that the Senate tax overhaul would pay for itself, even though outside analyses show otherwise.
When the same report tries to estimate how much growth the tax cuts would actually produce, it also finds that the national debt would likely increase by at least $1 trillion during the next decade.
Many economists and tax experts were quick to dismiss the Treasury memo.
"It's a joke," David Kamin, a law professor at New York University and former economic policy aide in the Obama White House, said on Twitter.
Sen. Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said, "It's no more than a thinly veiled attempt by the Trump administration to cover up an economic agenda that showers corporations with goodies while taking money and health care away from those who need it most."
Most economic analyses — including one by Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation — assume that the tax cuts would cause the debt to rise significantly because the cuts would fail to deliver significantly faster growth.
An analysis of the Senate plan released Monday by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center found that even after factoring in additional economic growth, deficits would rise by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years when including the additional interest costs.
A separate analysis by the Penn Wharton Budget Model found a similarly sized increase in budget deficits.
None of the top academic economists surveyed by the University of Chicago said the tax cuts would likely generate enough growth to pay for themselves.
The Treasury Department report, though, might provide a tool for Republican lawmakers to sell to a skeptical public tax cuts that largely help corporations and the wealthy. Both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have said that the tax cuts wouldn't add to budget deficits.
Connor Bartz, 18, said the brothers began working on this year's sculpture Nov. 18. A dry early winter meant they had to gather snow from neighbors' yards and a church parking lot. Rain on Christmas Day washed away some of the fish's scales, but doesn't seem to have caused any structural damage. The sculpture took about 350 hours to complete and is completely snow.
The sculpture is at 2777 16th St. NW in New Brighton and is illuminated until 11 p.m.
As in years past, the brothers are accepting free-will donations for clean water initiatives. This year's collection goes toward funding clean water operations in the African country of Malawi via One Day's Wages. More information can be found on the Bartz snow sculptures on their Facebook page.
The Pioneer Press is a Forum News Service media partner.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Bank stocks jumped Tuesday on hopes that bigger profits are ahead, and U.S. indexes again pushed to record highs.
On Tuesday:
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 92.25 points, or 0.5 percent, to 20,504.41.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 9.33 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,337.58.
The Nasdaq composite gained 18.62 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,782.57.
The Russell 2000 index picked up 4.27 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,396.65.
For the week:
The Dow is up 235.04 points, or 1.2 percent.
The S&P 500 is up 21.48 points, or 0.9 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 48.44 points, or 0.8 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 7.81 points, or 0.6 percent.
For the year:
The Dow is up 741.81 points, or 3.8 percent.
The S&P 500 is up 98.75 points, or 4.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 399.45 points, or 7.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 39.52 points, or 2.9 percent.
NEW YORK (AP) — Darren Baker got scooped up by dad's team again.
The son of Washington manager Dusty Baker was drafted by the Nationals in the 27th round of the Major League Baseball draft Wednesday – 15 years after they first made headlines on the baseball diamond.
The younger Baker, now an 18-year-old shortstop at Jesuit High School in California, was just 3 when they were a bat boy for the San Francisco Giants, managed by their father, in the 2002 World Series. During Game 5 against the Angels, Darren Baker had run to the plate to pick up a bat when J.T. Snow scored – and David Bell was flying down the third-base line and heading home.
Snow quickly plucked Baker out of the way , a moment that instantly became a part of World Series lore.
The three-day draft concludes Wednesday night.
Comments
comments
Interested in Turkey? Add Turkey as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Turkey news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Turkish officials say dozens were slightly injured after an earthquake in southeastern Turkey.
The earthquake struck Samsat village in the province of Adiyaman early Tuesday at 3.34 a.m. local time (0034 GMT). The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake had a magnitude of 5.2 at 10 kilometers deep.
Turkey's health minister said of those injured, 35 were still receiving treatment, according to official Anadolu news agency. The regional governor said the injuries were caused as people fled their homes in panic.
Anadolu quoted victim Zeynep Berk whose house collapsed on them and four others. Neighbors rescued the family and attempts to recover their 150 animals continue.
The quake was felt in neighboring provinces. Turkey's Kandilli Earthquake Monitoring Center recorded at least 13 aftershocks.
HAWKINS COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – A Hawkins County man who was the subject of a nationwide manhunt for kidnapping a young girl will spend more than two decades in prison.
Gary Simpson appeared in a Rogersville courtroom Monday, where they pleaded guilty to aggravated kidnapping and aggravated sexual battery.
Third Judicial District Attorney General Dan Armstrong told News Channel 11 as a result of Simpson's plea agreement, they will spend 25 years in prison.
Tennessee Bureau of Investigation agents said Simpson kidnapped a young girl in May of last year and remained in hiding in a remote area of Hawkins County for more than a week.
Investigators said people searching land on a remote property found them and rescued the girl.
Simpson must serve their entire sentence and they are not eligible for parole.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
By Jake Howard
Every week, we feature an up-and-coming surfer who is celebrating some kind of accomplishment. Maybe it's a contest win, scoring on an exotic surf trip, or even successfully shaping a surfboard, but what sometimes gets overlooked is spotlighting the day-in and day-out dedication and hard work that leads to these successes. Case in point: San Clemente goofy-footer Max Beach.
Lately, Max has been in Hawaii, charging the North Shore scoring rides he'll probably never forget. The North Shore is more or less surfing's proving ground. With waves like Pipeline, Sunset Beach and Waimea, the power of the breaks there is unrivaled, and learning to tame these beasts takes years of experience.
Rather than wait until he's battling for rating points on the WSL's Qualifying Series in a few years, Max has taken it upon themselves to put in the time on “the rock” to better understand the waves and conditions. True to form, they note that Pipeline has become their favorite wave in the world.
“There's nothing better than getting barreled and having enough speed when you come out to do anything,” Max reveled.
Given Max's passion and work ethic, don't be surprised if you see more of their work on the North Shore in the years to come.
AP Photo/Dmitry Lovetsky
MOSCOW (AP) — Russia has made progress fighting soccer racism ahead of next year's World Cup, but players, coaches and fans still risk abuse, a new report says.
There were 89 racist and far-right incidents at Russian games in the 2016-17 season, slightly below the two previous seasons, according to Thursday's report by European anti-discrimination group FARE and Russia-based SOVA.
In one case, an African player complained of racist abuse by an opponent during a Russian Premier League game. In another case, a hardline fan group segregated part of a stadium for people of “Slavic appearance,” the report alleges. Fans of Russian champion Spartak Moscow flew anti-Semitic banners.
The Russian Football Union's disciplinary committee, however, has said it didn't detect a single racist incident in any of the top three divisions this season.
The report comes ahead of the Confederations Cup, starting Saturday, and a year ahead of the World Cup.
“The Russian football authorities and the government authorities have realized … the way both of these competitions will be tarnished by the fear of racism occurring and they've taken some quite strong measures,” FARE's executive director Piara Powar told The Associated Press in a telephone interview. “There still remains the danger of some isolated incidents taking place.”
Russian authorities have taken measures to blacklist at least 191 fans from attending sports events, while the RFU ejected an influential fan leader, Alexander Shprygin, from its organization. They were deported twice from France last year following violence around Russia's match with England at the European Championship, and has been accused of posting far-right symbols on social media, a charge they denied.
Shprygin was dragged out of a bathroom at an RFU conference in September by police and detained, reportedly in connection with an investigation into fan violence.
FARE says Russia has made some progress, and that it didn't observe monkey chants or openly Nazi flags in any top-flight games this season. However, it warns far-right fans instead fly banners with concealed messages such as runes and number codes used by Nazi and ultranationalist groups.
The RFU punished two clubs in the 2015-16 season for such banners, but didn't pursue any such cases this season – something which Powar says indicates it may be “turning a blind eye.”
That was despite cases of anti-Semitic banners being flown by Spartak fans, including taunts aimed at rival CSKA Moscow, whose club president and then-coach are both Jewish. Another Spartak banner showed a Russian rock singer caricaturized as an Orthodox Jew, accompanied by personal abuse.
CSKA fans also targeted their own coach, Leonid Slutsky – now at England's Hull City – with a banner linking their Jewish faith to poor results.
FARE says the number of violent racist incidents fell from five to two last season compared to the year before. There was also no repeat of large-scale violent attacks on foreign fans, such as those which took place between Russian and English fans in Marseille a year ago during the European Championship.
However, there are indications that football-related violence between different ethnic groups in Russia is becoming more entrenched, with fans from Russia's largely Muslim regions in the North Caucasus forming “fan groups which adopt football hooligans' rules and initiate fights with Moscow teams.”
In another case last month at a playoff game for a place in the Russian Premier League, one fan group from the Yenisei Krasnoyarsk team issued a statement on social media saying that its sector of the stadium was only available to fans of “Slavic appearance.”
A member of the group, Artyom Kirillov, suggested the group had been misunderstood. “A lot was made up” in local media reports of the incident, they told the AP. “We are loyal to all Russian citizens.”
FIFA said Wednesday that Confederations Cup games will use a three-stage process in the event of fan racism. Referees will first request a public announcement, then suspend the game if the behavior doesn't stop. If racist incidents still persist, they can stop the game.
Comments
comments
It may have been a lifeless, 30-10, loss to the New York Jets, but analyst Matt Sabuda says the season-ending game does produce a positive development: the Bills improved their draft position to tenth overall. However, Sabuda continues to doubt if the organization will make the changes necessary for future success.
Analyst Matt Sabuda discusses the Buffalo Bills during WBFO's Beyond the Playbook.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on Time's Up calling for a probe into the Manhattan District Attorney's office (all times local):
3:30 p.m.
The Manhattan District Attorney's office says a criminal investigation into Harvey Weinstein is active and ongoing and a commitment to justice in sexual abuse cases is "unwavering."
The comments by spokesperson Danny Frost Monday came as the Time's Up initiative called for the governor to investigate the district attorney's office for refusing to prosecute the disgraced media mogul in 2015. Police have said the case should've been prosecuted; the district attorney's office disagreed.
Frost says the sex crimes unit is a national leader in the investigating and prosecution of sex crimes. Police and prosecutors may disagree sometimes, but never at the expense of justice.
Time's Up was started by women in Hollywood. The statement from the group came after New York magazine published an article about the 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
___
1:30 p.m.
An initiative started by Hollywood industry women is calling for New York's governor to investigate the Manhattan district attorney's office over a decision in 2015 not to prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
Time's Up says a report in New York magazine is disturbing because it suggests the district attorney's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping them
They secretly recorded them in a police sting. The district attorney's office decided there wasn't enough evidence to prosecute.
Time's Up says an investigation is necessary to protect the integrity of the office.
Neither the district attorney's office nor the governor's office immediately commented.
Weinstein's attorneys have said they deny any non-consensual contact.
Telstra has lost its fight to have an Optus ad that takes a pot-shot at Australia's largest telco deemed misleading.
The online and billboard ads that have run since May featured a Telstra-style phone box that in the words of Justice Robson appeared “half-sunk and lopsided, like the decayed remains of a past era, sticking up conspicuously from the lone and level sands”.
The ad uses the slogan “Empires end. That's what they do” and states: “The Optus Mobile Network has been ranked the best overall in voice and data.”
The claim is based on a mobile benchmark report issued by P3 in Dec 2017.
In the P3 tests, Optus scored higher than Telstra when it came to voice, while Telstra scored higher in the data category. The overall P3 results put Optus three points ahead of Telstra, out of a possible score of 1000.
Telstra argued that the ad implied there had “been a significant and permanent change in the relationship between the Telstra and Optus mobile networks” and that Optus is “now undisputedly operating a better mobile network overall than Telstra.”
“It would be fanciful to imagine that the humorous image of a Telstra phone box in a desert landscape would persuade a reasonable person that Telstra's strong position in the market has been permanently destroyed,” Justice Robson found
The judge found that “ordinary and reasonable people within the class of potential purchasers of mobile telephone services” were unlikely to be misled by the Optus ad.
The reference to the P3 benchmark report “lends a legitimising air to the advertisement's allusions to empires ending” but the judge found that it “does not overcome the background knowledge of reasonable consumers, nor the obviously humorous nature of the advertisement.”
Justice Robson dissolved an interlocutory injunction they had granted on 16 May that had compelled Optus withdraws any advertisements using the “empires end” material.
An Optus spokesperson told Computerworld's sister publication ARN that the telco was “very pleased with the outcome”.
Earlier this month Optus emerged victorious from separate Federal Court legal action against Telstra. The court found that Telstra ads that employed the slogan “One word from Australia's best mobile network. Unlimited.” falsely represented that the telco offered a mobile product or service that is unlimited.
CITY OF SAN JOSE DEL MONTE—Police were investigating whether bad engineering or sabotage caused a 42-foot tank containing 2,000 cubic meters of water to explode on Friday dawn here, killing three people and injuring 44 others.
Propelled by strong jets of water, debris from the water tank struck about 60 houses in Barangay Muzon here, killing Jimmy Garcia, 50; Elaine Chamzon, 22, and Jaina Espina, 1.
Garcia, a police aide, was carried by the surge of water from the tank and was killed when their head struck a hard object, said Gina Ayson, a city disaster risk reduction management officer.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sleep time
Garcia, Chamzon and the baby were pronounced dead on arrival at San Jose del Monte District Hospital.
The injured, including the water tank operator, were treated at local hospitals. Many of them were sleeping when the blast occurred at 3:30 a.m.
While not ruling out sabotage, investigators said they would check if the tank was properly built.
Supt. Fitz Macariola, San Jose del Monte police chief, said the explosion was so strong it also damaged a motorcycle and a patrol car parked at the nearby police community precinct.
Fourth fatality
Policemen assigned to the precinct went out of their offices to check the effects of the blast.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to Victor Canita, an engineer of San Jose del Monte Water District, the tank was built in 2010 to supply potable water to more than 20,000 families of the city as well as the relocation sites for informal settlers from Metro Manila.
A fourth child, year-old Nina Louise Ape, died while undergoing treatment at a hospital, Ayson said.
Water and power services were cut off due to the accident.
But Canita said water supply had been restored for residents in the lower portions of Muzon by noon.
The blast damaged a gasoline station, about 50 meters away from the tank. The gas station had been ordered closed after work crews reported that it might have been leaking petrol.
According to the San Jose del Monte City web site, Muzon is one of its most populated villages with 81,947 residents as of 2010, and a projected population of 107,355 residents by 2015.
San Jose del Monte was classified as an urban growth area, catching the expansion of Metro Manila. —CARMELA REYES-ESTROPE
NEW YORK (AP) — Harri Sateri stopped 32 shots for their first career victory, and the Florida Panthers beat the New York Islanders 4-1 Tuesday night.
Mike Matheson, Evgenii Dadonov, Keith Yandle and Jonathan Huberdeau scored for Florida, which snapped a three-game skid and improved to 3-6-1 since closing December with five straight victories.
Sateri was making their fourth start with Roberto Luongo and James Reimer sidelined by lower-body injuries. The 28-year-old rookie, who spent the previous three seasons in the KHL, made their NHL debut Jan. 2 at Minnesota and came in 0-3-0 with 4.59 goals-against average.
Adam Pelech scored for the Islanders, who have lost four of their last six. Jaroslav Halak, starting for the sixth straight game and 15th in the last 17, finished with 36 saves.
Shutterstock
On New Years Eve, the world cringed together as Mariah Carey imploded in front of countless people on live TV. Earlier in the day, millions of people tuned in to see a much better end to 2016. One that included, a cute, cuddly, furry baby bird. If an eagle breaking free from its shell and bursting into the world on live TV isn't a sign that 2017 will be better than 2016, I don't know what is.
Just in time to bring hope for 2017, a baby eagle hatched in the early hours of New Years Eve. The eagle was born at 7:33 a.m. in Fort Myers, Florida as millions of viewers eagerly anticipated its arrival online. Two eagles hatched that morning, but the first was E9 (Eaglet 9). Born to eagle parents Harriet and M15 (Mate 15), the wait for E9 captivated viewers all over the world since late last week when viewers began to notice cracks appearing on the shell.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Just over 24 hours young. We continue to watch & wait for hatch #2! #eaglecam pic.twitter.com/cdb9Q12mfk — SWFL Eagle Cam (@SWFLEagleCAM) January 1, 2017
The video feed, called “Eagle Cam” has been online since 2012. Millions of people visited the site to watch Harriet and then mate Ozzie hatch and then raise two baby eagles. This year alone, the site has had over 60 million views.
How else are you going to see the majesty of every day eagle life in the privacy of your own home? It's also a pretty good idea to watch a video feed instead of trying to take a gander at a nest in person. If you think your mother-in-law has a bad temper, just wait until an eagle mother catches you poking around their nest.
If you didn't guess it already, the eagles shown on the feed are wild. The camera is set up in such a way that it doesn't disturb them. “Eagles are wild birds and anything can happen in the wild,” the site says. “The Southwest Florida Eagle Camera (SWFEC) does not interfere or intervene and allows nature to take its course. You will see life and you might see death, but this is nature at their finest.”
As expected, Twitter was abuzz awaiting and welcoming the baby eaglet:
And I thought Hatchimals took a long time to hatch! #eaglecam #merica — Carl F. (@oushadow) December 27, 2016
Even if 2017 isn't a dramatically different year from 2016, at least we can always tune in to “Eagle Cam” and feel just a little better even if only for a few moments. Either that or we can just watch YouTube videos of people eating giant burritos. That works too.
A police logo on the side of an RCMP cruiser. Photo by James Wood/ 106.1 The Goat/Vista Radio
A 24 year old woman is recovering from a broken nose after an alleged assault in North Battleford.
Battleford RCMP say they responded to an assault on the 600 block of 101 st in North Battleford early Friday afternoon.
A 57 year old man was arrested and remanded into custody. They have been charged with assault causing bodily harm. The female was taken to hospital for their injuries.
Nick Foles didn't know their name was involved in a potential trade with the Browns.
The Browns offered Philadelphia the 2018 NFL Draft's 35th overall pick in exchange for Foles, according to a report from NFL.com earlier this month. The Eagles reportedly decided to decline the trade after Foles told the team he'd rather stay in Philadelphia.
But, Foles told the Philadelphia Inquirer that discussion never happened.
"I haven't turned down anything," Foles said. “The first time I've heard about it was when I got text messages asking if it was true…At the end of it, I'm just a player. I don't decide anything.”
Foles stepped in as the Eagles' starter last season after Carson Wentz tore their ACL in mid-December. They threw for 971 yards and six touchdowns in the playoffs.
MORE: Eagles reportedly declined Browns' trade offer for Nick Foles
Philadelphia ended the season with a Super Bowl win over the Patriots. Foles earned the game's MVP honors after they tallied three touchdowns and 373 passing yards.
The Browns traded for former Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor after the Eagles rejected the Foles deal. They then selected Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield with the first overall pick in the 2018 NFL Draft. Cleveland drafted Georgia running back Nick Chubb with the pick that was included in the potential trade for Foles.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Tour captain Sam Warburton has been picked on the bench in a surprising selection by the British and Irish Lions for their match against the New Zealand Maori at Rotorua on Saturday.
Coach Warren Gatland had indicated they would unveil a test-strength starting lineup to face the Maori, a week out from the series-opening test against New Zealand. But if the team Gatland announced on Thursday is their test lineup, it contains some surprises.
Warburton has been struggling with an ankle injury on tour and played 68 minutes, scoring a try in the Lions' 23-22 loss to the Dunedin-based Highlanders on Tuesday. They still seem short of match fitness and Sean O'Brien has been selected ahead of Warburton on the openside flank.
Ireland's Peter O'Mahony will captain the team from the blindside flank; the fourth captain the Lions will have used in five matches on tour after Warburton, Alun Wyn Jones and Ken Owens.
"Peter is a proven captain with Munster who never takes a backward step and we believe that those leadership qualities will serve us well on Saturday against a quality and determined Maori All Blacks team," Gatland said.
The Lions also sprung a surprise at flyhalf, naming Jonathan Sexton to combine with Ireland scrumhalf Conor Murray and leaving England No. 10 Owen Farrell on the bench.
The backline otherwise looks a preview of the Lions' test lineup with Leigh Halfpenny at fullback, Anthony Watson and George North on the wings and Jonathan Davies and New Zealand-born England center Ben Te'o in midfield.
In the forwards, hooker Jamie George will pack between props Tadhg Furlong and Mako Vunipola while George Kruis and Maro Itoje combine in the second row. Wales' No. 8 Taulupe Faletau joins a strong backrow with O'Mahony and O'Brien.
Gatland has changed the entire starting 15 that lined up against the Highlanders, continuing the policy of sweeping rotation that they have used throughout the tour.
"We were obviously disappointed with the loss against the Highlanders and realize that we need to improve in several areas including our discipline," Gatland said. "But we feel that overall we are building well towards the test matches.
"Every game is a big challenge which is what we wanted and this is an experienced Lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last test in Australia in 2013."
The Lions beat Australia 2-1 in their last test series.
___
British and Irish Lions: Leigh Halfpenny, Anthony Watson, Jonathan Davies, Ben Te'o, George North, Johnny Sexton, Conor Murray; Taulupe Faletau, Sean O'Brien, Peter O'Mahony (captain), George Kruis, Maro Itoje, Tadhg Furlong, Jamie George, Mako Vunipola. Replacements: Ken Owens, Jack McGrath, Kyle Sinckler, Iain Henderson, Sam Warburton, Greig Laidlaw, Owen Farrell, Elliot Daly.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, they said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
If you want to stick to your New Year's resolutions in 2017, don't dream big, dream reasonable.Instead of trying to lose 100 pounds or become fluent in French in 365 days, having manageable goals and a firm but flexible timeline will help keep your resolutions alive for 2017. Here are reasonable and achievable New Year's resolutions.Perhaps you've been dying to see the Eiffel Tower glowing at night or have always wanted to trek along the Great Wall of China. International travel fantasies are fun to picture but hard to turn into reality with pricey plane fares and hotels rates.Instead of trying to trot the entire globe, take a road trip to a nearby hotspot or fly to a fun, new destination in the U.S. to satisfy your New Year travel bug. You'll be able to explore somewhere new and exciting without significantly impacting your schedule or wallet.Learning a new language can be of great benefit to your personal and professional life but also requires a lot of time and dedication. Lifehacker suggests that people trying to learn a foreign language should set specific priorities and a timeline for their language goals, like knowing how to speak basic phrases at the end of a month. Online tools like Duolingo and Memrise can also keep language learners on track with their goals.It's hard not to watch a cooking show on TV and have dreams of becoming a world class chef. But with consumers spending more money at restaurants than they do at grocery stores, according to Bloomberg , fewer people are strengthening their cooking skills at home.Treat yourself to a new cookbook and then commit to trying out new recipes on a daily or weekly basis. You can also sign up for cooking classes at a community center to learn about food in a group setting.The most popular New Year's resolution in 2016 was staying fit and healthy according to Nielsen , and 2017 is almost certain to shape up the same way. Set realistic goals and commit to a regular fitness activity that you enjoy . Find a workout buddy to help motivate you and keep you on track and reward yourself when you hit milestone achievements.People love to read, with nearly eight in 10 Americans having read a book in the past year, according to the Pew Research Center . But with so many book options available in digital and print, tackling all of the year's great literary offerings can be a difficult and time-consuming task.If you want to increase your literary diet in 2017, try finishing a new book every month. If you're feeling ambitious, you can try to read a book every week.Who wouldn't like to play piano as good as Billy Joel or the electric guitar as wild as Jimi Hendrix? While learning to play a musical instrument has positive health benefits for people of all ages , it still took these master musicians countless hours to perfect their craft.Focusing on learning the basic skills of an instrument and setting specific goals will help keep your musical abilities on track. Many free instructional videos can be found on YouTube for musicians of all levels. If you prefer a group environment over self-teaching, consider seeking group lessons at a music store or through a private instructor in your area. But keeping your goals reasonable will help make your 2017 a very musical year.
Protesters tore down a Confederate monument that stood since 1924 in Durham, North Carolina Monday evening, then took to the streets to protest the white supremacist rally which led to three dead and 19 injured in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.
The planned protest was scheduled to meet around the Confederate monument, which was located on county property outside the Durham courthouse and has been the center of controversy for years. The base of the monument read “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” and has been defaced with spray paint before. Protestors have attempted to use policy to take down the statue in the past, but North Carolina laws have prevented any changes to historical monuments. CBS North Carolina received an email from Durham County spokesperson Dawn Dudley, explaining:
“Due to a North Carolina state law passed a few years ago, Durham County is prohibited from removing or making substantive alteration to historical monuments and memorials. I share this to say that there is a statute in place making the efforts you mention below difficult to move forward. I would assume that the only thing possible are steps to reverse the law.”
Eyewitness accounts detailed how a woman climbed the monument then put a rope around it until the crowd pulled to topple it over. The protesters then took to the streets to continue their march against white supremacy and hate.
HAWKINS COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – Hawkins County Sheriff Ronnie Lawson says it could be up to 90 days before autopsy results are back on Donna Young.
The 38-year-old's body was found in a septic tank overflow pond beside a trailer on Meadowview Road in Rogersville nearly two weeks ago.
Young is originally from Maryland but moved to Tennessee in 2007.
Sheriff Lawson said they had four children.
Lawson also told News Channel 11 last week, their car was not near the scene and they were barefoot.
“We really don't know yet if there's going to be any foul play. Right now we're still interviewing people and hunting on associates and things like that,” Lawson said.
Investigators are asking anyone who knew Young to come forward so they can determine how they died.
If you have any information, call the sheriff's office at 423-272-4848.
See also:
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--California Pizza Kitchen (CPK) invites guests to come along on a culinary adventure from the comfort of their local CPK, with the arrival of its new, globally inspired seasonal menu for spring and summer. Featuring a variety of innovative items bursting with fresh and unique ingredients, CPK's new seasonal menu includes dishes like the Shanghai Power Bowl with black heirloom Forbidden Rice ® * and seared shrimp, the Sonoma Grilled Chicken Flatbread topped with roasted red grapes and double cream Brie, the Caribbean-inspired Tropical Mule with flavors of coconut, ginger and passion fruit, and more. The fan-favorite Strawberry Shortcake also will be returning for a limited time. Today also marks the arrival of CPK's new loyalty rewards program, CPK Rewards ™, offering guests delicious perks for dining creatively.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005352/en/
The Shanghai Power Bowl is the newest addition to California Pizza Kitchen's popular Power Bowl line up. (Photo: Business Wire)
“At CPK, we love to take inspiration from different parts of the world and create dishes that take our guests on a culinary adventure, with a CPK twist of course,” said Brian Sullivan, SVP of Culinary Innovation at CPK. “Our newest menu innovations feature exciting ingredients like antioxidant-rich heirloom black rice and a spiced coconut lime sauce with fresh veggies and shrimp in our Shanghai Power Bowl, oven roasted red grapes, grilled chicken and Brie on our Sonoma-style flatbread inspired by our California roots, and refreshing summer flavors of watermelon, passion fruit, and white peach in our seasonal lineup of hand-crafted beverages. These new menu items are as fresh and colorful as they are creative, and we look forward to guiding guests on this flavorful journey.”
Available at CPK restaurants nationwide for a limited time, the new spring and summer seasonal menu features the following items, made fresh to order:
Shanghai Power Bowl: CPK's newest addition to its popular Power Bowl line up, featuring seared shrimp with black heirloom Forbidden Rice ® *, baby broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini, carrots, and watermelon radish, served warm in a housemade Shanghai sauce featuring coconut milk, ginger, lime, and spices Sonoma Grilled Chicken Flatbread: Marinated red grapes roasted in the hearth oven with grilled chicken, double cream Brie and Parmesan cheeses, caramelized onions, and fresh arugula Strawberry Shortcake: A fresh shortcake biscuit piled high with seasonal strawberries, whipped cream, and housemade candied lemon zest Sparkling Watermelon-Lime: A non-alcoholic blend of refreshing Perrier® Lemon Sparkling Water with a light watermelon flavor, fresh mint and lime (non-refillable) Tropical Mule: Grey Goose® vodka, RumHaven® coconut rum, ginger beer, Monin® passion fruit, and fresh agave served in a classic copper mug White Peach Sangria: A sweet blend of rosé wine, St. Germain® Elderflower Liqueur, Perfect Purée of Napa Valley® in white peach, and fresh agave sour
Fan-Favorites Join Permanent Menu
In addition to these new seasonal offerings, CPK is also expanding its permanent menu with two fan-favorite cocktails as well as their own take on Mexican Street Corn – all previously offered for a limited-time only.
CPK's new permanent menu items include:
Mexican Street Corn – Creamy sweet corn removed from the cob and roasted with smoked paprika, Feta and Parmesan cheeses, served with fresh cilantro, lime and housemade ranchito sauce Spiked Cucumber – Hendrick's Gin hand-shaken with freshly puréed pineapple and cucumber, Monin® Cucumber, torn mint, and agave sour topped with sparkling water Sparkling Berry-Lemon – A refreshing, non-alcoholic blend of Perrier® Lemon Sparkling Water with a light berry flavor, fresh lemon, blueberries and thyme
New Loyalty Program: CPK Rewards
Also launching today, CPK introduces its new loyalty rewards program, CPK Rewards™, making it easier than ever to earn special rewards for dining creatively. Perks include:
After completing registration, new members will receive a free small plate menu item reward, added to their account the next day Note: current Pizza Dough ® Rewards members are automatically enrolled in the new program For every $1 spent, members will receive 1 point (excluding tax, gratuity, gift card, alcohol, and retail purchases) 75 points earns a $5 reward Free birthday dessert Special offers throughout the year
To celebrate the launch of the new program, members will receive double the reward points from April 24 through May 31, 2018. To join, guests may register with their server, visit cpk.com/cpkrewards or download the new CPK Rewards ™ app for iOS and Android, which also allows users to track rewards, pay by mobile, order online and more.
To learn more about CPK's spring/summer menu and check the availability of items in your area, please visit www.cpk.com/menu/.
*Forbidden Rice is a registered trademark of Lotus Foods, all rights reserved.
About California Pizza Kitchen
In 1985, California Pizza Kitchen (CPK) opened its first restaurant in Beverly Hills and introduced diners to innovative California-style pizza. With a passion for combining fresh, seasonal ingredients with flavor inspirations from around the world, today CPK is a global brand serving creative California cuisine in more than 250 restaurants in 13 countries and U.S. territories. From signature, hand-tossed pizzas and high-quality main plates to inventive better-for-you options, Lunch Duos, premium wines and hand-crafted beverages, CPK adds its imaginative twist to create a memorable casual dining experience. For more information, visit cpk.com. Connect with CPK on Twitter at @calpizzakitchen (#NEWCPK), Instagram at @californiapizzakitchen, and Facebook at facebook.com/californiapizzakitchen. Download the new CPK Rewards ™ app for iOS and Android to earn rewards for dining creatively, pay by mobile, order online and more.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005352/en/
CONTACT: California Pizza Kitchen
Toni Hyman, 310-342-4715
cpkmedia@cpk.com
or
Coast Public Relations for CPK
Kate Franklin, 818-606-9784
kate@coastprgroup.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL COMMUNICATIONS MARKETING FOOD/BEVERAGE WINE & SPIRITS CONSUMER
SOURCE: California Pizza Kitchen
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005352/en
Transcript for Live update on the deadly van attack in Toronto
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Member of the political-security cabinet Minister Naftali Bennett responded to the threats made by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah by saying, "The Israeli interest is to prevent another confrontation in Lebanon, so our new strategy is simple: Lebanon = Hezbollah, Hezbollah = Lebanon."
"Unlike the Second Lebanon War, this time we will not differentiate between the organization and the Lebanese state. This means that any attack by Hezbollah will lead to a mortal blow to the Lebanese state and its institutions. Nasrallah, who is looking to be portrayed as the 'defender of Lebanon', will become 'the destroyer of Lebanon'."
Read more
New York (AP) — Copper futures trading on the NY Merc Mon:
(25,000 lbs., cents per lb.)
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Family - Family News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
REINEKE FORD || NEWS UPDATES Water boil advisory lifted for Hardin Street
A memorial will be held today for three women killed at a California veterans home on March 9, according to ABC station KGO in San Francisco.
The victims were the Yountville home's executive director Christine Loeber, 48; clinical director Jennifer Golick, 42; and psychologist Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba, 32, who was six months pregnant. They were allegedly killed by Army veteran Albert Wong, 36, who later took their own life.
"[The event] will be a solemn and respectful honoring of the lives and contributions of the three brave women who lost their lives at The Pathway Home; an opportunity for family members, friends, and community to grieve together; and a moment to thank all of those who support our nation's veterans, especially in the area of mental health," the organizers of the event told KGO.
The memorial, which will be held at the Napa Valley Performing Arts Center at Lincoln Theater, is open to the public, and will have dignitaries and therapy dogs onsite.
"Beta and myself, as well as several other service dogs and their companions and handlers will be here at the services Monday night, just in case people need an extra little hug," said Linda Powers, comfort dog handler, to KGO.
Families of at least two of the victims will be in attendance, KGO reported.
Muir Wood Adolescent and Family Services via AP
Golick was a therapist, wife and mother to a 7-year-old daughter, reported KGO.
PsychArmor Institute via AP
Shushereba's husband told KGO their wife would "always be remembered for their unconditional love and incredibly giving heart."
Tom Turner via AP
Loeber dedicated their life to helping veterans heal, reported KGO.
The Pathway Home called the victims "brave" and "accomplished."
"These brave women were accomplished professionals who dedicated their careers to serving our nation's veterans and working closely with those in the greatest need of attention after deployments in Iraq and Afghanistan," said a statement obtained by ABC station KGO in San Francisco. "All of us at The Pathway Home are devastated by today's events. We stand with the families, friends, and colleagues who share in this terrible loss."
Authorities said the suspected gunman had been treated for PTSD at the same veterans home.
More than 150 area high school students recenlty attended the annual Advanced Manufacturing Day at Surry Community College, according to college officials.
The day was set aside to highlight careers in computer-integrated machining, mechatronics, engineering design, electronics engineering and welding, the college said in a written statement.
The high school students, about 160 of them Mount Airy, East Surry, North Surryand Forbush high schools took part in tours of each program's facilities and had the opportunity to interact with program instructors, as well as students currently enrolled in the programs.
College students pursuing careers in advanced manufacturing were able to meet and network with companies that commonly employ workers with advanced manufacturing skills as a means of gaining industry insight and building valuable professional connections that can lead to subsequent internship and employment opportunities. Companies in attendance included Lydall, WestRock, Weyerhaeuser, Advanced Electronic Services, Altec, Unifi, Willowtex, WorkForce Unlimited, Pittsburgh Glass Works, REBB Industries and Cardinal CT.
Other activities of the day included a reception with light refreshments for community members, industry representatives, and other Advanced Manufacturing Day participants followed by a presentation featuring guest speaker Ginger Hackworth, woodroom process area manager at Weyerhaeuser.
During the presentation, Hackworth shared their years of experience and wealth of industry knowledge, as well as background on their path to success in a traditionally male dominated field. Participating companies and community members were also invited to tour the college's advanced manufacturing programs' facilities.
Surry offers an associate degree, a diploma and two certificate options in machining; an associate degree, a diploma and a certificate in mechatronics engineering technology; a certificate and diploma in engineering design technology; an associate degree and certificate in electronics engineering technology; and a diploma and multiple certificate options in welding.
Registration is open for summer and fall 2017 classes. Summer classes begin May 22 and June 27. Students must register for fall classes before Aug. 1. Those classes start Aug. 15. More information on Surry's Advanced Manufacturing programs is available through Student Services at (336) 386-3264 or online at www.surry.edu.
Corey Easter, Computer-Integrated Machining Lead Instructor at Surry Community College, displays several objects made as class projects by students enrolled in SCC's Machining courses as North Surry High School students attending Advanced Manufacturing Day observe.
Transcript for Scalise in critical condition after Virginia shooting
Baseball equipment left on the field scattered remnants of a summer morning interrupted by gunfire. The assailant shooting at least five victims including the Republican whip member of congress Steve Scully who is now in critical condition Stephen others. You are deeply in our prayers. They count the minutes until you return partisanship was cast aside in a sheer disbelief Democrats seen here praying for their Republican colleagues. We are united in our shock. We are united are English. And in attack on one of us is an attack on all of us. Senator Bernie Sanders reacting to reports of the shooter may have volunteered on their campaign. I am sickened. By just despicable. Acts. Investigators are still trying to determine the motive of the shooter believed to be 66 year old James T hodgkin's and of Belleville Illinois. Just before the shooting began one member of congress was approached by a stranger. It happened interaction with someone of the parking lot and asked me if the team practicing less Democrat or Republican payment toward it. They're Republicans they say Kate things. Moments later gunshots pierced the air the shooter at third base member of congress's -- hit on second. They dragged themselves after they were shot. From near second base about ten or fifteen yards into the field just to be that the little further away from the gunman they were laying motionless out there. Capitol Hill police on the scene returning fire our brave capitol police perform. A challenging job with incredible skill. And this sacrifice makes democracy. Us. And that shooter is believed to be deceased we do you continue to monitor the health of all five of the victims. And they show of solidarity. That congressional baseball game that was scheduled for tomorrow will continue to go on as planned. With one significant difference Republicans and Democrats will all be wearing the same jerseys LSU. In honor of member of congress Billy. Reporting from Delray Virginia Lana back ABC news.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Israel Defense Forces arrested 12 people, Monday evening in the Palestinian Authority-assigned areas of Judea and Samaria, who were wanted on suspicion of involvement in terror and violent disorders directed at Israeli targets.
The suspects were turned over to security agencies for further investigation.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Meghan McCain sat down to chat with Stephen Colbert on Thursday night about everything from their recent wedding, their family's friendship with Joe Biden, to being the token conservative voice on The View. McCain has been a host on the long-running show for four months now, and although they seem to be handling the transition with aplomb, they admitted that is hasn't always been easy.
“This show has been on for 21 years and I'm the 21st host,” McCain explained to Colbert. “I've been on so many shows where people never watched and couldn't figure out what channel it was on. And like, everyone knows what The View is and being the one conservative on The View has this like sort of weird, like, lure to it, and people have very tense reactions to it. People are like, ‘I love you on The View‘ or ‘I absolutely hate you and you're ruining my show.'”
“I worked at Fox for years and when you're in the Fox echo chamber and you're surrounded by conservatives, you're in this like very warm bubble and you're like, ‘Oh, everyone feels this way,'” McCain continued, when asked whether or not the show makes them feel even more conservative. “And it's not that I didn't know people were liberal, but I didn't know people were like quite as liberal as Joy Behar.”
“Every morning, it's kind of like ‘Why are all Republicans racist Nazis?' And I'm like, ‘Look, well I haven't had my latte yet and maybe we can talk about something else,'” McCain quipped. “I actually really like her, she's lovely.”
But overall they admit that working on the show is an “interesting experience, especially in the Trump era.” It's worth noting that McCain is regularly put in the awkward position of defending Trump and their policies, despite the fact that they have repeatedly attacked their father and they often openly admits that they didn't vote for him. It's not a job many would envy, that's for sure.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
The United States is stepping up its negotiations with Israel and the Palestinian Authority (PA), Haaretz reported on Wednesday, citing a senior Israeli official.
The Israeli official said that Jason Greenblatt, U.S. President Donald Trump's envoy on the peace process, will come to the region soon to meet with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem and PA chairperson Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah.
DENVER (AP) — Colorado's largest city is reviewing the first application from a business seeking to be among the nation's first legal marijuana clubs, a step that comes more than a year after voters approved a bring-your-own pot measure.
Dan Rowland, a spokesperson for the Denver department that regulates marijuana businesses, said the city received the application from the Coffee Joint on Friday.
Co-owners Rita Tsalyuk and Kirill Merkulov plan to charge a $5 entry fee if they're approved for the license. Customers could use edible pot products or vaporizing pens inside, and the shop would sell food, host events and provide free coffee or tea, they said.
Denver voters approved the clubs in a 2016 ballot measure, but it took nine months for the city to start accepting applications. Advocates have complained that state restrictions preventing pot use at any business with a liquor license and the city's own rules unfairly limited potential locations for the clubs.
For instance, the city required pot clubs to be twice as far from schools and anywhere else children gather as liquor stores.
Customers buying marijuana products often ask where they are allowed to legally use it, and employees have few answers for tourists staying in hotels that ban marijuana use, Tsalyuk said.
Colorado law doesn't address pot clubs. In some cities, they are tolerated, while others operate secretly.
Other states with legal marijuana are at a standstill for developing rules governing places to consume pot products, including Alaska, where state regulators have delayed discussion of rules for retail shops until spring.
It could be months before Denver residents and tourists would be allowed to legally vape or eat pot products at the Coffee Joint. The city said it has just started to review the application and a public hearing will probably be scheduled within two to three months.
In the meantime, Tsalyuk and Merkulov want to open their business before the end of the year as a traditional coffee shop. For their 1,850-square-foot space, they plan to convert a garage to a space for "vape and paint" events, open a smaller room for private events and put in comfortable furniture.
"We want to give a better name to the cannabis industry and be good for residents, too," Tsalyuk said.
The proposal has the backing of a local neighborhood association, which submitted a letter of support to the city. Applicants have to show community support for their proposal as part of the licensing process.
Aubrey Lavizzo, a member of the La Alma Lincoln Park Neighborhood Association, said the club backers attended two of their meetings and invited members to tour the dispensary.
"They've shown us that they really want to be good neighbors," said Lavizzo, a veterinarian who has had a clinic in the neighborhood for over 30 years.
Merkulov said they are aware of the national and global spotlight on the industry.
"It's a new apex," they said. "We hope to prove this can be managed well and be safe."
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Slevin contributed to this report.
It can sometimes seem as though mass shootings are occurring more frequently. Researchers who have been studying such crimes for decades say they aren't, but they have been getting deadlier.
In the five years since a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at a Connecticut elementary school, the nation has seen a number of massacres topping the death toll from Newtown and previous mass shootings, many of them involving rifles similar to the one used in Sandy Hook.
But Americans wanting to know why deadlier mass shootings are happening will get few answers. Is it is the wide availability of firearms? Is it the much-maligned "assault weapon" with its military style? Is it a failing mental health system?
"We're kind of grabbing at straws at this point in terms of trying to understand why the severity of these incidents has increased," said Grant Duwe, a criminologist who has been studying mass killings since the 1990s.
The federal government does little research on the matter, because a measure dating to the 1990s had the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention retreat from firearms research. Instead, a handful of academics, like Duwe, have toiled sometimes for decades with limited funding trying to better understand why these shootings happen and how to prevent them.
While mass shootings happen with regularity, they still remain so rare that there isn't enough information to draw conclusions with any certainty.
The profile of mass shooters — loners, depressed individuals, people who rarely smile or those who take to the internet to rant about a perceived insult or gripe — is so broad and common that it's impossible to pinpoint who might turn that anger into violence.
"There are lots of people who are isolated, don't have lots of friends, who don't smile and write ugly things on the internet and blame others for their misfortunes and don't want to live anymore and talk about mass killers and maybe even admire them," said Northeastern University professor James Alan Fox, who began studying mass shootings in the 1980s and has written six books on the topic.
Five years ago this week, Adam Lanza, a troubled young man in Newtown, Connecticut, shot and killed their mother in their home and then drove to Sandy Hook Elementary School with an AR-style long gun and a handgun. They fatally shot 20 children and six educators, then himself.
In the years since, the nation has witnessed even deadlier attacks: the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando in 2016 in which a gunman killed 49 people and this year's shooting in Las Vegas, where a man in a casino hotel fired on concertgoers on the ground below, killing more than 55. This year's shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas, by an Air Force veteran who shot up a church sanctuary, killing more than two dozen, also is now among the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history.
Mass shootings are widely defined as one in which four or more people are killed in a public place, excluding both domestic violence and gang-related violence. The rate has remained steady at about 20 per year for the past three decades, Fox said. Still, five of the 10 deadliest have occurred since Sandy Hook, they said.
"Some years are worse than others, and bad years tend to be followed by not-so-bad years," Fox said. While two of the deadliest took place this year, "you can't take the actions of one or two people and call it a new phenomenon. That's abberational. You can't make any pattern or trend based on that."
It's also unclear whether the higher death tolls are the result of more firearms being available or firearms being more effective. Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas shooter, used bump stocks to allow a number of their guns to mimic fully automatic weapons, but their perch high above the outdoor concert also made the shooting more effective and deadly. That's the tactic the gunman in the 1966 University of Texas at Austin shooting used when they took to a tower overlooking the campus, shooting down for more than 90 minutes.
In half of the deadliest mass shootings, the perpetrator used at least one AR-style firearm. In one, the massacre at a McDonald's in San Ysidro, California, in 1984, the shooter used an Uzi submachine gun. The others were carried out with handguns, the weapon used in the majority of mass shootings.
"Contrary to what some folks may think, the incidence of mass public shootings has not increased since Sandy Hook or even the five years before that," Duwe said. "What has changed — and this is certainly true around the time of Sandy Hook and even since then — the severity of mass public shootings has certainly increased. That is one genuine change we've seen."
Jillian Peterson, an assistant professor at Hamline University and a forensic psychologist who previously worked in New York crafting psychological profiles of convicted murderers facing the death penalty, recently helped launch a project designed to catalog and analyze mass shootings dating back to the 1960s. The project is being done jointly with James Densley, an associate professor of criminal justice at Metropolitan State University.
They have no financing and are relying on about a dozen students to gather research based on public documents and media reports.
The reason why someone carries out a mass shooting has been elusive, and it's a question they hope the research will help answer. Are mass shooters of today and future bent on outdoing previous slayings by inflicting higher death tolls? That, too, is unclear. They caution that such questions and answers continually evolve.
"This is ever-changing," Peterson said. "Just because we understand it today, we might not understand it tomorrow. That part gets hard. This is changing as society changes."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
TIRANA, Albania (AP) — Albanian authorities say an earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 has struck off western Albania. No injuries or damage has been reported so far.
The Institute of GeoSciences, Energy, Water and Environment on Wednesday reported that the quake occurred at 0901 GMT (1101 local time) around 18 kilometers (11 miles) underground near Lalesi Bay, a spot frequented by tourists some 30 kilometers (18 miles) west of the capital, Tirana.
The tremor was strongly felt in Tirana.
JUPITER, Fla. (AP) — St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes needs season-ending Tommy John surgery on their right arm.
General manager John Mozeliak confirmed the diagnosis after an MRI. Reyes didn't throw their scheduled bullpen session Tuesday because of a sore elbow.
The 22-year-old Reyes made their major league debut Aug. 9 and was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA in five starts and seven relief appearances. Their fastball averaged more than 97 mph.
Reyes, a candidate for the final spot in the starting rotation, had been feeling soreness in the days leading up to camp. They were also expecting to pitch for the Dominican Republic in the World Baseball Classic.
Walmart diverted 78% of its global waste from landfill in the last financial year.
The retailer's latest sustainability report also shows it sourced 28% of its energy from renewable sources, on track to its goal of getting half of its power from clean technologies by 2050.
It aims to reduce emissions from its value chain by a total of one gigaton by 2030 – to date, around 400 suppliers have got involved with this goal, more than 200 of which having already reported emissions reductions totalling approximately 20 million metric tonnes.
Kathleen McLaughlin, Chief Sustainability Officer for Walmart, said: “At Walmart, we believe strengthening societal systems is not only the responsible thing to do, it also maximises business value.
“Through our initiatives, we hope to accelerate progress and spark collective action on the issues that matter most to our customers, business and communities – helping to transform retail and retail supply chains for economic, environmental and social sustainability.”
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – TennCare recipients cost taxpayers nearly $85 million by going to the emergency room for common colds, headaches, toothaches and other non-emergencies, according to the most recent available state data.
The data, provided at our request, show federally and state-funded non-emergent ER visits resulted in a 25% increase in cost in fiscal year 2016 compared to the prior year.
State records identified at least 126,000 visits in one year alone, including 24,257 visits for acute upper respiratory infections, 14,178 visits for headaches, 11,420 visits for strep throat, 10,115 visits for nausea with vomiting, 9,918 visits for lower back pain, 9,098 visits for viral infections, 8,323 visits for fevers and 8,161 visits for toothaches.
State Fiscal Year 2016 non-emergent diagnosis Number of claims Expenditures ACUTE UP RESPIRATORY INFECTION UNS 24,257 $2,958,360 ACUTE PHARYNGITIS UNSPECIFIED 15,880 $1,715,843 ACUTE BRONCHITIS UNSPECIFIED 14,680 $2,643,936 HEADACHE 14,178 $4,255,136 STREPTOCOCCAL PHARYNGITIS 11,420 $1,505,855 NAUSEA WITH VOMITING UNSPECIFIED 10,115 $2,380,864 LOW BACK PAIN 9,918 $1,243,618 VIRAL INFECTION UNSPECIFIED 9,098 $2,006,658 FEVER UNSPECIFIED 8,323 $1,467,868 OTH SPEC D/O TEETH SUPPORTING STRCT 8,161 $615,568
(Division of TennCare)
“This is a long-term problem,” TennCare Chief Medical Officer Dr. Victor Wu said.
Dr. Wu said the state's Medicaid program is trying to come up with a solution by working to convince its 1.5 million patients, which include low-income pregnant women, children, the elderly and people with disabilities, to get regular checkups with a primary care physician and not just go to the doctor when they are sick.
“Everyone needs to have a relationship with their primary care provider,” Dr. Wu said. “I think if we can begin to turn the tide more toward prevention and turn the tide more toward focusing on wellness I think that will help, in general, offload some of the challenges we see when people do get sick and where they need to go.”
In addition to that effort, Dr. Wu said TennCare is increasing patient interventions, including face-to-face meetings, phone calls, text messages and letters and working with hospitals to help direct patients through the proper path of care.
“I think we're still trying to work through all different avenues and all different channels,” they said. “It is really challenging.”
TennCare also reports it implemented a new policy several years ago that caps the amount of money it reimburses hospitals at $50 per non-emergent ER visit, which incentivizes hospitals to better educate the public. However, the state's own numbers show more education is needed, particularly in East Tennessee, which is responsible for more than $30 million of the total $84 million expense.
“It's an opportunity,” Dr. Shari Rajoo said. “It also is a signal that there is definitely a misunderstanding of the purpose of the emergency room. I think we really have to reorient ourselves to the emergency room is for life or limb threatening situations and ‘Is this one of those situations? Can I wait until the morning?'”
Mountain States Health Alliance's AnewCare Collaborative has spent the last several years trying to drive the message home that primary care is not only more affordable, but ultimately better for a person and society's overall health. At the ER, doctors aren't specialists in treating chronic health problems. Instead, they're focused strictly on emergency care and often times, only have a snapshot of a patient's medical history. AnewCare Collaborative President Paige Younkin said MSHA is also trying to give patients support so they can call their care coordinator for advice about how best to treat their health issue and avoid the ER altogether.
“The patient's better off because their care if coordinated,” Younkin said. “There is, for lack of a better word, there's a captain of their ship.”
The AnewCare Collaborative, led by both women, is targeting certain patient demographics, using disease-specific initiatives to spread the message and trying to make primary care and urgent care more convenient.
“We're working on establishing easier scheduling, open scheduling, maybe looking at different hours, so that they're more flexible, so the patient is able to go there instead of the emergency department,” Younkin said.
Even with all of these efforts, the chairperson of the Tennessee Senate committee in charge of TennCare oversight said there is only so much the state can do.
“It really is troubling,” Sen. Rusty Crowe (R), District 3, said.
Like their counterpart in Congress Rep. Phil Roe (R), District 1, Sen. Crowe said states need flexibility too that will only come from federal healthcare reform.
“The federal laws restrict our hospitals with regard to what we can do with Medicaid patients,” Sen. Crowe said. “Untie our hands and let us do what we need to do at the state level.”
“I strongly agree that states need more flexibility in how they structure their Medicaid programs so first-class people aren't receiving second-class care,” Congressman Roe said in a statement. “This is why we prioritized Medicaid reform as part of the American Health Care Act that will help move towards a health care system that lowers the cost of care and empowers patients so they aren't relying on emergency rooms for primary care.”
Experts say non-emergent visits aren't just costing taxpayers money and costing TennCare patients better care, they're also tying up the ER's critical service, which delays care for people who really need emergency help.
“It just increases the wait time,” Dr. Wu said. “We want to help shift them to more prevention and wellness as opposed to just acute sickness.”
MSHA said patients should contact their primary care office for most medical problems, including urinary symptoms, cough/congestion, flu, earaches, sore throats, migraines, fever, constipation, rashes, minor cuts and burns, regular physicals, prescription refills, vaccinations, screenings and advice.
Meanwhile, the health system said patients should use urgent care when “it is not an emergency, but waiting to see your primary care provider is not an option.” Urgent care facilities can order any necessary bloodwork and can assist with urinary symptoms, cough/congestion, flu, earaches, sore throats, migraines, fever, constipation, rashes, sprains, back pain, minor cuts and burns, minor broken bones or minor eye injuries, MSHA said.
MSHA said patients should go to the ER for chest pain, severe abdominal pain, coughing up or vomiting blood, severe burns, deep cuts or bleeding that won't stop, sudden blurred vision, sudden difficulty breathing or shortness of breath that is not relieved by inhalers, sudden dizziness, weakness, or loss of coordination or balance, sudden, new numbness in the face, arm, or leg, sudden slurred speech, sudden severe headache (not a migraine), seizures and “any other condition you believe is life-threatening.”
Click here to read: Brochure on where to go for health care(.pdf)
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
The 2016 fantasy football season isn't fully in the books — there are several playoff-based games you can play, if that happens to be your thing — but the season-long hunt for a title is now officially done until next summer.
We began as doe-eyed innocents back in August, shouting to anyone who would listen about the zero-RB theory and arguing Ezekiel Elliott's first-round status. We end the year scratching our heads about several stars and wondering what a world with no Chip Kelly in the NFL will look like (he was fired by the 49ers Sunday after a 2-14 season).
As is tradition, with the season now behind us, we take a look back at the players, coaches, and teams that befuddled, surprised, and generally stood out in 2016.
THE WEEKLY ENIGMA THAT WAS TODD GURLEY
Rams running back Todd Gurley was everything a fantasy player could want coming into 2016: they had the backfield to himself, they were coming off a 1,106 rushing yards, 10-touchdown season, and they were a full season removed from a brutal college knee injury that delayed their 2015 NFL debut.
Gurley managed 278 rushing attempts in 2016 and upped their role in the receiving game, with 58 targets (compared to 26 in 2015). They also finished the year with 1,212 total yards from scrimmage. But the rest of these numbers were harsh, especially considering how they came in.
Gurley had 885 rushing yards on the season and just two games with more than 75 rushing yards. The constant hope each week that this could be the game crushed their owners, and probably sent most of them to sub-.500 records and missed playoff bids. Throw just six touchdowns into the mix, and this was a lost fantasy season for Gurley and their owners.
Gurley, though, is one of the most talented players in the league. A new coach, coupled with offensive upgrades to take pressure off him, could spell a surprise year for Gurley in 2017.
THE WEEKLY ENIGMA THAT WAS ALLEN ROBINSON
Jaguars wide receiver Allen Robinson was another frustrating fantasy entity in 2016, and finished the season with 883 receiving yards, just two shorts of Gurley's rushing total. And Robinson offered a similar weekly degree of hope for their owners because they were so involved in the passing game, eventually finishing the season seventh among wide receivers in targets, with 151. Unfortunately, Robinson converted just 73 of those targets into receptions.
The silver lining here — maybe — is that Robinson had two very good games to end the season under interim coach Doug Marrone, with 14 receptions for 229 yards off 24 targets (producing two of their top three receiving yard totals on the season). If Marrone and offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett return, Robinson could be in line for a nice bounce-back season in 2017.
BELIEVE IN THE BROWNS (FOR 2017)!
It's tough to make a case for a team that went 1-15 and finished 30th in the NFL in offensive yards, but keep an eye on the Browns in 2017. Their coach, Hue Jackson, is one of the greatest offensive minds in the NFL, and the roster is stacked with explosive talent — Terrelle Pryor, Corey Coleman, Duke Johnson, Isaiah Crowell, and Gary Barnidge, among others.
Pryor, in particular, put together one of the more surprising seasons in recent memory, finishing 2016 with 1,007 receiving yards and four touchdowns on 140 targets.
YES, EZEKIEL ELLIOTT WAS AWESOME, BUT.
Chicago's Jordan Howard had a better yard-per-carry average (5.2) than Elliott (5.1). It's splitting hairs, but Howard was working in an offense that was nowhere near that of the Cowboys. Their 1,313 rushing yards on the season were second-most in the league, they fumbled just once on 252 rushing attempts, and while their 50 targets didn't put them at the top of the running back heap, they were 10 more than Elliott's 40.
And this is made all the more impressive knowing Howard didn't even get their first start until Week 4.
FUN FACTS TO WRAP UP THE SEASON!
— After eight seasons in the NFL, Rams wideout Kenny Britt got their first 1,000 yard campaigns, finishing the season with 1,002 yards and emerging as one of the few bright spots for the team.
— Vikings receiver Adam Thielen had 967 receiving yards on the season, more than DeAndre Hopkins (954), Kelvin Benjamin (941), or Willie Snead (895).
— Aaron Rodgers last threw an interception on Nov. 13.
— Davante Adams finished the season with 997 receiving yards, just three away from a 1,000-yard campaign. Melvin Gordon finished with 997 rushing yards in a season cut short by injury.
———
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says North Korea's latest failed missile launch was a reckless act of provocation.
Mattis commented on the weekend missile launch in an interview with reporters traveling with them Tuesday to Saudi Arabia, where they begin a weeklong Mideast tour. Their language was stronger than in an initial written statement they issued shortly after the launch, in which they simply said they were aware of the failure.
"The leader of North Korea again recklessly tried to provoke something by launching a missile," they said.
Mattis did not identify the type of missile but said it was not of intercontinental range, meaning it could not reach U.S. territory. They did not comment on what might have caused the missile to fail.
Mattis credited China with trying to help get the North Korea situation "under control" with the goal of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula.
Asked about their visit to Saudi Arabia, Mattis said the desert kingdom is a "pillar of our security framework for the region."
The U.S. military is providing support for a Saudi-led coalition fighting anti-government Houthi rebels, but Mattis said the U.S. focus is on arranging a United Nations-brokered negotiating team to resolve Yemen's civil war diplomatically.
"This is something, with the number of innocent people dying inside Yemen, that simply has to be brought to an end," they said.
The U.S. security alliance with Saudi Arabia, dating to 1944 and based largely on the Saudis' oil riches, has made Washington the kingdom's most important arms supplier.
Bruce Ndlovu, Sunday Life Correspondent
IF anyone needed God's forgiveness in life, it is Roki. For almost two decades Zimbabweans have watched from the sidelines as the gifted crooner did everything in their power to squander a rare, God given gift.
Roki's perceived scandal-ridden life has made for frustrating viewing for any music loving music fan who would have wanted to see Ba Sky's star soar beyond the heavens. This frustration worsened over the past year or so after Roki's famous bust up with the last of their ex-girlfriends.
After a rumoured self imposed exile in South Africa which saw them vanish as they tried to live a drama free life away from the public's inquisitive eye, Roki also disappeared from the airwaves. Until recently, that is.
The urban grooves pioneer has reportedly become a born again Christian and is now part of the flock led by young charismatic miracle maker, Prophet Java. Seeing notorious bad boy Roki turn Christian will surprise many, given their failure to lead a decent lifestyle in the past.
Nowhere is their yearning for a Christ like life more apparent than on their latest track, Denga, which was released recently. On paper, this is a gospel track but as Zimbabweans have learnt over the years, nothing is straightforward with Roki.  They are the master of “mischief and their naughtiness” in the studio is on exhibit on this track as they bring together two worlds that one would usually not associate with each other: gospel and rumba.
The rhythms of rumba, notorious for inspiring its listeners to try wild waist gyrations, are mixed and meshed effectively with words that pledge allegiance to the Almighty. It is a compelling mash-up that might attract praise and scorn in equal measure.
The backlash over Fungisai's decision to pen gospel lyrics for circular beats was an apt illustration of how such experiments are met sometimes. The song has obvious rumba elements and Roki even twists their voice and accent to give the impression that they are singer from the home of the genre, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The beat takes many twists but wherever it turns, Roki follows it delivering harmonies that show that they have not lost none of the golden touch which once made the face and voice of the urban grooves generation.
While rhumba dominates the track, the beat contains other elements that showcase Roki's unique gift. Somewhere in the middle of the track, there's a switch to hip-hop, a turn that showcases that despite their prolonged stay in the wilderness, Roki still has their finger on the pulse of what is hot and happening in the world of music.
It is no doubt a five-star track from a talent who has a habit of rising from the dead whenever anyone counts them out.
The lyrics, sung exquisitely in a mixture of Shona and English, lay bare the thoughts of man intoxicated by the words of the good book. Rumours that Prophet Java has been the angel whispering sweet verses into Roki's ear seem based on truth rather than showbiz fiction if the song's lyrics are anything to go by.
Roki salutes, thanks, exalts and glorifies their maker throughout the song's duration. The beat might have excited a less talented singer or songwriter to lose sight of the track's overall intention of praise and worship but this is not so for Roki, who sings like a repentant prodigal son.  They are knocking on the door, begging for re-admission into their father's home. Singing like an angel, Roki could manage to convince even sceptics that they have indeed been born again, with the sins of their old life washed away by every lyric on the nearly six minute long song.
As good as it is, one can't help but feel saddened as they listen to this effort.
In the recording booth, Roki is an untouchable phenomenon, a once in a generation artiste capable of reinventing themselves time and time again. The way they have shed the urban grooves tag and transformed into a gospel preaching, rumba singing star on this song is an apt illustration of this. However, their many transgressions outside the booth have no doubt overshadowed their immense talent.
One must have made a fine mess of things to overshadow the kind of rare talent that they have. And they have. Watching Roki, the proverbial cat with nine lives, has been like watching a train crash unfold in slow motion.
The music prodigy has gone from one scandal to another, tumbling from one disastrous relationship to another. The only people they seemed to have disappointed more than their numerous romantic liaisons are the fans who have stuck with them through thick and thin. With their conversion to Christ, fans will be hoping that they are finally on the path towards redemption.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — New Yorkers can get very attached to their local coffee shops.
Now, one Brooklyn Neighborhood is helping a shop owner battle cancer, and keep them in business.
Meghan Daly serves up coffee and every slice of their well known pie with lots of care.
“This business is everything. It's everything that I have,” they said.
Daly is the owner of Daly Pie Cafe in Prospect Heights. It has plenty of regulars.
“The pies are excellent. The coffee is good, and it has this sort of homey feel,” Sondre Soltad said.
Customers say the feel is similar to the fictional bar in the show Cheers.
Now, friends and loyal customers are showing Daly how much they care.
“I'm so very lucky,” they said.
Daly was diagnosed with breast cancer in June. She's 35 with no family history of the disease.
“I feel pretty good,” they said.
They face six months of chemotherapy.
“Every now and then in the middle of the night I wake up and go, ‘nooo, why her?” Colleen Venable said.
Go Fund Me: Fight Breast Cancer And Save Daly Pie
Venable, a close friend of Daly's started a Go Fund Me page to help with living expenses over the next few months.
The goal is $34,000.
So far, it's raised more than half at nearly $19,000.
The money will also go toward hiring additional staff while they get treatments.
“Not knowing every morning, how you're gonna feel, if you can come into work, it's just so stressful,” a friend said.
Daly said they quit a stable job in marketing to pursue their baking passion. Them shop on Vanderbilt Ave has only been there for 16 months.
“I'm very much in that newbie territory of small business when it's the make or break time,” they said.
Friends and people in the neighborhood hope the money they donate will keep Daly in business and thriving during the busy fall season.
They said she's touched by all the support.
“It's overwhelming in a nice way,” they said.
Them fans are confident she'll have a full, sweet life ahead.
The shop makes a watermelon based pie that they might rename the ‘pink ribbon pie.' All proceeds from sales will go toward breast cancer research.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazil abolished slavery in 1888, but during Carnival this year a major samba school will be arguing that it never really ended.
Leaders of the Paraiso do Tuiuti group see many instances of what they consider "modern-day slavery" in Latin America's largest nation.
They note that Brazil is one of the world's most unequal countries in terms of income distribution, and that its top politicians and business people are predominantly white while more than 50 percent of citizens identify as black or mixed race.
"Our music questions whether slavery is actually over," said Jack Vasconcelos, the group's art director. "We will tell the story of the bad habit that humans have of enslaving each other."
On a recent night in Rio de Janeiro's Sao Cristovao neighborhood, an area where members of the Portuguese royal family used to live, thousands watched as the school rehearsed for its appearance at the Sambadrome on Feb. 11.
"My God, my God, has slavery been extinguished?" go the lyrics in Portuguese.
Brazil was the last country in the Americas to abolish slavery, and 130 years later the impact is still very much felt in this content-size nation. Blacks are incarcerated at much higher rates than whites, much of the violence happens in shantytowns with predominantly black residents and a lack of access to higher education and work opportunities exacerbate segregation.
Still, members of Paraiso do Tuiuti say their message won't just be for minorities.
Besides Brazil's inequalities in wealth distribution, the group complains about last year's labor law changes that scaled back benefits and made it easier for employers to hire temporary workers. Members also oppose proposals in Congress to cut pension benefits for future retirees.
"It's not just racism against blacks or whites," said Dandara Silva, a hairdresser and dancer in the group. "There is a form of social slavery and we are fighting against that."
Transcript for 12-year-old survives being stabbed 19 times by their friends: Part 2
just outside Milwaukee, and a horrific scene is playing out. A birthday sleepover with three P 12-year-olds the night before, and now two of those girls are missing. The third, Payton leutner, has somehow crawled out of the woods, covered in stab wounds. 19 of them. Major search by ground and air -- A stabbing accident happened. We are on the scene here. Reporter: Morgan guyser and Anisa Weier were missing. We had people all over waukesha looking for them That's her, that's Anissa, she's been missing for I don't know how long now. Reporter: Kristi had their daughter's cell phone they scour it, searching for any clues. Instead, discovering something else. Checked all of their text messages trying to figure out the people that they called, and contacted last, and I found basically their goodbye notes. Reporter: On that cellphone this note, drafted by Anissa. This is my final wish to those who care, do not grieve my absence, but remember me for who I was. I love and cherish you all, and wouldn't do you harm. I still had no idea, but as soon as I found that I called the detective right away, and showed them that information. Reporter: While at that hospital, surgeon John Keleman tells us they will never forget the wounds. They tell me about one of the stab wounds to Payton's heart. Reporter: The knife cut through the tissue but not the artery itself. Exactly. Reporter: And had it not? Had it not, they would have had a major heart attack from the amount of bleeding and probably died within a minute or two. Reporter: But they would save their lives as the hunt for the two other girls intensified. Nearly five hours after Payton crawled out of the woods, their two friends are suddenly found on the side of interstate 94 walking out of walk waukesha. They have found those two girls I'm told around, 12 years old, and those girls are now being questioned by waukesha city police. A knife with a 5-inch blade was found in one of the girls' bags. Lieutenant Tom Moerman confronting them. I asked them to show me their hands. I noticed there was some staining on their sweatshirt. Reporter: The detective told us that they had located Morgan and Anissa and that they were taking them to the police station to ask them some questions. I remember talking on the way how we were going to punish Morgan for this. Reporter: Anissa Weier's parents arrive at the police station too. They are told to wait. I stood right dead center of that lobby in full view of two cameras waiting to see my daughter. Reporter: And listen to what their daughter Anissa says to the investigator. Your parents know that you're here talking to me, okay. And -- Are they scared? They're glad they're S -- they're -- they're so glad that you're safe. They're -- we were scared for you guys. Reporter: Both separate rooms, going beginning to explain their plot to kill, referring to Payton by their nickname, Bella. Why do you think you're here today? Because Anissa, and I ran off after hurting Bella. Reporter: Morgan tells the detective the plan to kill Payton had been in the works for months. So you guys have been planning this a while? Since December, they were my best friend since fourth grade. Who was? Payton. So why did you pick Payton? I didn't pick them Who picked her? Whoever Anissa was talking about. They made it seem necessary. Reporter: Necessary, a word Morgan geyser would use again, and again with that detective, saying their devotion to that fictional character slender man drove them to do this. There's this website called -- the creepypasta wiki. It's full of, like, horror stories. There was one of them called "Slender man." Reporter: Slender man is the story of a character who suddenly appears, they change and evolves all the time, with help from fans all over the world adding to the story giving a fictional character new life everyday. You have said that slender man is the boogieman of this digital generation.  They are -- the thing that we fear that we don't actually encounter. Right? So we check our -- we check under our beds for the slender man but he's, you know, not actually there. Reporter: Morgan and Anissa not only believed in slender man, they wanted to prove to the world they were real. Morgan said , hey Anissa we should be proxies. I was like, okay, how would we do that? They indicated that in order to become a proxy of slender man you needed to kill somebody to prove yourself worthy to him. I was excited because I wanted proof that they existed. Reporter: As slender man's grip on these girls begins to reveal itself, back at the hospital, Payton leutner is unable to talk, at first, writing to communicate. One of their first questions is this -- Did they get them? We told them they were -- they were found and the police have them. Reporter: And as a dad, in that moment, how hard was that? Harder than I would have ever been able to imagine. This is my little girl who's laying there, and the only thing that I could tell her, at the time, to make them feel better was that, the police have them, and they were safe with us.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A French tourist who tried to have their picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at them when they got too close.
The woman, who is in their 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to their leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
They had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but they tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
For $25 -Also,has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test!
Intelligence information recently received by the Military Police and the Israel Police indicates that criminal organizations and terrorists are trying to steal weapons from the IDF. The stolen weapons include mainly grenades, explosives and bullets.
The increase in attempts to break into bases have forced the IDF to increase security to prevent the theft of weapons and ammunition.
Arutz Sheva has learned that 11 weapons were stolen in the month of April alone, three from the homes of IDF soldiers and eight from IDF bases. 21 weapons have been stolen since the beginning of 2018.
In response, the IDF has taken steps to the quantity of weapons in the units in addition to the additional security measures to prevent weapons theft.
Maj. Gen. Gil Mamon appealed to the IDF commanders to ensure that the weapons in their units were properly secured, and, if necessary, to carry out searches and inspections of soldiers' equipment prior to their departure from their units.
The Commander of the Military Police also demanded that soldiers who go homee with weapons be reminded of the need to dismantle and hide the weapons in a secure manner in accordance with orders from the General Staff.
Soldiers who testify that they cannot properly secure their weapons will be instructed to carry the weapons with them at all time, or alternatively, to leave their weapons with their unit quartermaster before leaving base.
The IDF Spokesperson stated: "The IDF is working vigorously on a number of levels to eliminate thefts of weapons. Recently we have witnessed the phenomenon of theft of military weapons. Therefore, an officer of the Military Police Corps was deployed in order to sharpen the procedures and carry out preventive and control activities within the IDF bases and when they are off-base."
PARIS (AP) — French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting an international summit Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of the Paris climate agreement, hoping to inject the pact with new energy after President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would withdraw from it.
The accord reached two years ago set goals for slowing the rate of climate change by reducing the emissions that contribute to melting Arctic ice, increasing sea levels and changing weather patterns across the globe.
While some critics have questioned whether the summit will accomplish more than drawing attention to France's media-savvy president, celebrities, corporations, environmental groups and others are preparing to make a string of announcements there.
The issues expected to come up at the event range from research to corporate pledges.
___
GREEN CASH
Poor countries are waiting to hear how the United Nations' goal of raising $100 billion dollars for climate-related measures will be achieved by 2020.
The target was set in 2009, but commitments so far from rich nations only will cover about two-thirds of the fund.
The money is intended to help developing countries invest in green energy projects and avoid the path taken by wealthy countries decades earlier that saw massive growth in the use of fossil fuels.
Scientists say ending fossil fuel use, also known as 'decarbonization,' needs to happen worldwide by 2050, but poor countries only would be able to reach the goal with financial help.
Climate campaigner Mohamed Adow of the group Christian Aid says one important step would be for the World Bank, which is co-hosting Tuesday's meeting, to switch its investments from fossil fuels to renewable energy in developing countries.
___
CORPORATE COMMITMENT
Dozens of companies have signed a joint call for governments to maintain momentum on implementing the Paris accord and set long-term strategies for cutting carbon emissions.
The companies — including insurer Allianz, tire maker Michelin and consumer goods giant Unilever — said Monday they are committed to a greener economy that includes imposing levies on carbon emissions.
Allianz CEO Oliver Baete said in the statement that "business requires stable regulatory frameworks and an adequate price on carbon."
Financial institutions such as Allianz also want greater transparency on climate-related data to help them make sound investment decisions, Baete said.
___
NEW RESEARCH
The Paris summit takes place while the American Geophysical Union is holding its fall meeting in New Orleans.
Scientists are expected to present new research on climate changes and ways to keep global temperatures from rising beyond 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 F.)
Separately, Microsoft says it will let researchers use its artificial intelligence technology to monitor and model the planet's climate.
The technology giant says its commitment — worth about $10 million a year — could also help companies use vast amounts of data to reduce carbon emissions, by reducing waste, making power grids more efficient and improving weather predictions.
___
STAR SCIENTISTS
Macron has invited U.S.-based climate scientists to apply for generous grants and relocate to France, a direct response to Trump's rejection of the Paris accord.
The French president was announcing the first grant winners on Monday. Overall, the French government and research institutions plan to fund about 50 projects with 60 million euros ($70 million)
Lewis Moody
FORMER World Cup winner Lewis Moody says that the inclusion of Brad Shields in the England squad for the tour to South Africa does not sit right with him.
But while they believe the decision to pick the New Zealander is divisive, they do not think the situation is comparable with Sam Burgess being parachuted into the England team prior to the disastrous 2015 Rugby World Cup.
The selection of Hurricanes skipper Shields for the three-Test series in June against the Springboks has been widely criticised, with Sir Clive Woodward calling it ‘wrong'.
Moody is equally sceptical of the move to fast-track the 27-year-old but they also think there could be more to Eddie Jones' thinking than first meets the eye.
“I think it's a very divisive selection because it frustrates a lot of young players but maybe that's what they want. Maybe it's about the message he's sending,” said Moody.
“Perhaps he's saying there aren't enough quality players back row players in England so I'm going to have to go look elsewhere.
“Maybe it's the kick up the ass he's trying to give some of those young guys but it doesn't sit well with me as he's someone who's not plied their trade at all in the Premiership.
“He has never really set foot in the UK as far as I know.  They are a Kiwi through and through but I suppose that's just the way I feel about it.
“It doesn't sit right with me but it's a professional game these days and he's available for selection.
“We've had many other players like that, [like] Lesley Vainikolo. Thomas Waldrom had been in the country a few months when they announced their availability for England.
“Ultimately, he's a professional and he'll deliver if they get that England jersey on but it sends a real strong message to the young back rowers in this country about what is thought of their ability.”
Rugby league star Burgess was given a golden ticket to the Red Rose squad by Stuart Lancaster before the last World Cup, but they became the scapegoat in the aftermath of the tournament as England suffered an embarrassing early exit.
Story Continues
Shields turned down a place in the All Blacks touring squad last year, instead preferring to target England honours as the son of English parents.
The former New Zealand U20 representative will join Wasps after the end of this Super Rugby season and despite Moody having reservations about their selection, the ex-flanker is confident it will not be a case of déjà vu.
“It's not the same as Sam Burgess as they were an enormous name coming into the side with a clear vision that they wanted to play rugby union to play in the World Cup,” added Moody, speaking at this season's Premiership Rugby Final, where they met hundreds of youngsters from the national grassroots rugby initiative, the Land Rover Premiership Rugby Cup.
“He came in knowing they would probably depart afterwards, whether people voiced that or not, that was always going to be the reality.
“Sam was always going to be a divisive selection, but I don't think Brad is quite the same as he's signed for Wasps and you assume they are going to be playing their rugby in England for a number of years.
“It could be that they work their way into the World Cup starting line-up and they will be playing their permanent rugby here, especially as Eddie won't pick them for the sake of it.
“Burgess was unique because they came from rugby league and they didn't have a set position, Bath played them in one, England played them in another.
“Brad is an out and out back rower and he's played rugby union, as far as I know, their whole life so I don't think you can compare the two.
“I'm sure in some people's minds it is quite a divisive selection, but it's an interesting one and Eddie likes making interesting decisions, doesn't he?
“We know that and in many ways picking Brad is making a statement to some of the other guys that they need to buck their ideas up so they can pick them.”
Lewis Moody is a Land Rover ambassador. Land Rover has this year celebrated its Testimonial Season of supporting grassroots rugby in the UK. Follow @LandRoverRugby #WeDealInReal
Related Video
STILLWATER, Okla. -- Jeffrey Carroll scored 26 points, tying a career-high with five 3-pointers, and Kendall Smith added 19 points to help Oklahoma State beat Stanford 71-65 on Monday night in a second-round game of the NIT.Oklahoma State (21-14) outscored Stanford 29-18 in the fourth quarter to secure a school-record-tying 15th home victory this season. The Cowboys trailed 54-53 before Carroll scored five points during a 12-1 run for the only double-digit lead of the second half. Mitchell Solomon chipped in with 10 points for the Cowboys, who won a second straight NIT game for the first time in school history in front of a crowd of 9,635. Carroll scored 11 points in the first half as Oklahoma State led 30-29 after assisting on eight of its 12 baskets. Michael Humphrey scored 15 points and grabbed 20 rebounds for their seventh double-double of the season for Stanford (19-16). Reid Travis added 10 points and 11 rebounds and Dorian Pickens , averaging 14.7 points, was just 3-of-13 shooting for 11 points.----More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP-Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
UnitedHealth Group trumped first-quarter forecasts and raised expectations for the year after pulling in earnings growth of 15 percent or more from its two main businesses.
The nation's largest health insurer now expects adjusted 2017 earnings of between $9.65 and $9.85 per share after predicting $9.30 to $9.60 per share last fall.
Analysts polled by FactSet expect earnings of $9.50 per share.
In the first quarter, Minnetonka, Minnesota-based UnitedHealth earned $2.17 billion on $48.72 billion in total revenue. Adjusted results came to $2.37 per share.
Analysts forecast earnings of $2.17 per share on $48.33 billion in revenue.
Health insurance is UnitedHealth Group Inc.'s main business, but it also runs an Optum segment that provides pharmacy benefits management and technology services and also operates clinics and doctor's offices.
High water levels have prompted the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) to issue an executive order temporarily restricting public access to Everglades and Francis S. Taylor, Holey Land, and Rotenberger Wildlife Management Areas. These three areas are in Palm Beach, Broward, and Miami-Dade counties.
This action is necessary because high water levels force area wildlife to take refuge on tree islands and levees, resulting in high levels of stress for these animals.
Effective at midnight on June 14, the order prohibits vehicle, airboat, all-terrain vehicle and other public access to the Everglades and Francis S. Taylor, Holey Land, and Rotenberger WMAs. However, access to Conservation Area 2A from the L-35B levee north to the east-west airboat trail is still permitted and access to Area 3A South is permitted east of the Miami canal between Interstate 75 and the L-67A levee. Boat ramps and fishing in established canals remain open, but a minimum distance of 100 yards from any tree island must be maintained to minimize disturbance to upland wildlife.
These special regulations remain in effect until rescinded by a subsequent executive order.
For updated closure and reopening information, visit MyFWC.com/Viewing and click on “Wildlife Management Areas” and then “Open/Closed Status.” If you have additional questions, call the FWC's South Regional Office at 561-625-5122.
To see the executive order, go to MyFWC.com/About and click on “Inside FWC,” “Learn more about the Executive Director's Office”, and then “Executive Orders.”
To report a violation of this order, or any fish and wildlife law violation, call the FWC's Wildlife Alert Hotline at 888-404-3922.
BUDAPEST, Hungary (AP) — Education authorities in Hungary say they are evaluating the installation of shooting galleries in schools to increase the variety of sports available for students.
The Klebelsberg Center, which oversees Hungary's education system, said Wednesday that shooting is an Olympic sport and "has nothing to do with aggression and violence."
Responding to local media reports about the scheme, the center said shooting was a "safe sport, one of the Olympic sports which according to plans students and schools will be able to choose."
The plan has been criticized by teachers' unions and opposition politicians.
The center has sent questionnaires to schools to inquire about the possibility of installing shooting galleries and about students' interest in the activity.
In 2012, Hungary began introducing daily mandatory gym classes for most schools.
PRAGUE (AP) — The Czech government is looking to back out of a deal that could give an Australian company the right to mine a huge deposit of lithium, a key component in electric batteries.
Acting Prime Minister Andrej Babis says their industry and trade minister has been asked to find a way to make the memorandum of understanding, signed last year with European Metals Holdings, not legally binding.
Babis said Wednesday they would prefer a Czech state-run company to explore the local deposit.
Europe's biggest deposit of lithium was recently found in the northwestern part of the Czech Republic. EMH has had an exclusive license to explore for the element and was seeking permission to mine.
It has been planning to open a mine at Cinovec, on the German border.
For Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, the next few days will be a reassurance tour with a twist.
As much he'll tell allies the U.S. is committed to NATO, they also are expected to visit Europe with a hand out, hoping to secure bigger defense spending commitments and greater assistance in military campaigns in Afghanistan and elsewhere.
Mattis also will field questions on national security adviser Michael Flynn's resignation over their pre-inauguration discussions with Russia, and what the change means for U.S. policy on Moscow.
Speaking to reporters on the way to a NATO defense ministers' meeting, Mattis said Flynn's departure "has no effect at all" on him.
"Frankly, this has no impact," they said. "I haven't changed what I'm heading there for. It doesn't change my message at all. Who is on the president's staff is who I will work with. And so, you know, it's full speed ahead."
Mattis also reinforced earlier comments he's made on NATO's importance.
Calling it "the most successful military alliance in history," they told reporters on the plane that "our commitment remains to NATO." But they said allies need to discuss increasing their military funding to the benchmark goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product.
After spending their first official trip telling America's Asian allies they wouldn't be abandoned, Mattis is on a similar journey in Brussels and Munich this week, where they will have to address the mixed messages from President Donald Trump on the value of NATO before and after they took office.
"I think there will be a lot of reassuring words spoken over the next week," said Derek Chollet, a former senior defense official who is now senior adviser at the German Marshall Fund.
Nations want Mattis to maintain the U.S. commitment to providing military support and troops to bolster Poland and the Baltics, who feel threatened by Russia, they said. While Mattis' words may provide some comfort, Chollet said: "It will leave the question: What does the president think? If anything, the sum total of all of this will just perpetuate the confusion."
Wednesday marks Mattis' first NATO meeting as defense secretary. During their Senate confirmation hearing last month, the retired Marine general said they wanted the U.S. to "maintain the strongest possible relationship with NATO."
With remarks such as those, Mattis has distanced themselves from Trump's criticism of the military alliance and threats that the U.S. might not defend allies that don't fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members.
Mattis, however, is aligned with Trump's call for the 27 NATO members to meet the defense spending requirement. Only a few are currently hitting the 2 percent mark, while the U.S. spends more on its armed forces than all the others combined. Washington also foots more than 22 percent of NATO's commonly funded budget.
The U.S. also would like to see an increased NATO commitment in Afghanistan, where forces have been fighting the Taliban for more than 15 years, since the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. Washington wants more trainers in Afghanistan, where about 8,400 American troops are still deployed.
There also will be discussions about how to accelerate the newer, U.S.-led campaign to defeat the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
Europe's leaders will first be looking for clarity from Mattis. They're still rattled by Trump's declarations that NATO is "obsolete" and their repeated praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Such comments have triggered fears Trump will ease sanctions imposed on Moscow after it annexed Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014 and supported an insurgency in eastern Ukraine. Another concern: lessened U.S. military support for eastern European allies near Russia's border who worry about being the next target.
During their confirmation hearing, Mattis told senators that they have discussed NATO with the president and that Trump was "open" to changing their position. Among Mattis' first calls after Trump's inauguration was one to NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg.
In recent weeks, Trump's public statements on NATO have softened somewhat.
After meeting Trump, British Prime Minister Theresa May told reporters that they assured them they were "100 percent" behind NATO. A joint statement issued after Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke by telephone said the two agreed on the "fundamental importance that the NATO alliance has for trans-Atlantic relations" and the need for all members to pay their fair share. Trump made similar comments in a call with French President Francois Hollande.
Only four countries other than the U.S. — Britain, Estonia, Greece and Poland — are meeting NATO's spending target. Many are increasing their budgets in response to Russia's actions.
Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman has concussion symptoms and has been ruled out for this week's preseason game at Pittsburgh.
Freeman left Sunday's practice with heat-related issues. Coach Dan Quinn said Monday that Freeman reported the concussion symptoms after leaving the field and has been placed in the concussion protocol.
Tevin Coleman took over first-team snaps at running back on Monday as the team held its final practice of training camp. Coleman's playing time likely will be limited in Sunday's game as Quinn focuses on the competition between Terron Ward and rookie Brian Hill for the third running back spot.
The Falcons agreed to term Wednesday on a five-year, $41.25 million extension with Freeman. The deal makes Freeman the league's highest-paid running back in terms of the overall package.
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
MOSCOW (AP) — Russia has made progress fighting soccer racism ahead of next year's World Cup, but players, coaches and fans still risk abuse, a new report says.
There were 89 racist and far-right incidents at Russian games in the 2016-17 season, slightly below the two previous seasons, according to Thursday's report by European anti-discrimination group FARE and Russia-based SOVA.
In one case, an African player complained of racist abuse by an opponent during a Russian Premier League game. In another case, a hardline fan group segregated part of a stadium for people of "Slavic appearance," the report alleges. Fans of Russian champion Spartak Moscow flew anti-Semitic banners.
The Russian Football Union's disciplinary committee, however, has said it didn't detect a single racist incident in any of the top three divisions this season.
The report comes ahead of the Confederations Cup, starting Saturday, and a year ahead of the World Cup.
"The Russian football authorities and the government authorities have realized ... the way both of these competitions will be tarnished by the fear of racism occurring and they've taken some quite strong measures," FARE's executive director Piara Powar told The Associated Press in a telephone interview. "There still remains the danger of some isolated incidents taking place."
Russian authorities have taken measures to blacklist at least 191 fans from attending sports events, while the RFU ejected an influential fan leader, Alexander Shprygin, from its organization. They were deported twice from France last year following violence around Russia's match with England at the European Championship, and has been accused of posting far-right symbols on social media, a charge they denied.
Shprygin was dragged out of a bathroom at an RFU conference in September by police and detained, reportedly in connection with an investigation into fan violence.
FARE says Russia has made some progress, and that it didn't observe monkey chants or openly Nazi flags in any top-flight games this season. However, it warns far-right fans instead fly banners with concealed messages such as runes and number codes used by Nazi and ultranationalist groups.
The RFU punished two clubs in the 2015-16 season for such banners, but didn't pursue any such cases this season — something which Powar says indicates it may be "turning a blind eye."
That was despite cases of anti-Semitic banners being flown by Spartak fans, including taunts aimed at rival CSKA Moscow, whose club president and then-coach are both Jewish. Another Spartak banner showed a Russian rock singer caricaturized as an Orthodox Jew, accompanied by personal abuse.
CSKA fans also targeted their own coach, Leonid Slutsky — now at England's Hull City — with a banner linking their Jewish faith to poor results.
FARE says the number of violent racist incidents fell from five to two last season compared to the year before. There was also no repeat of large-scale violent attacks on foreign fans, such as those which took place between Russian and English fans in Marseille a year ago during the European Championship.
However, there are indications that football-related violence between different ethnic groups in Russia is becoming more entrenched, with fans from Russia's largely Muslim regions in the North Caucasus forming "fan groups which adopt football hooligans' rules and initiate fights with Moscow teams."
In another case last month at a playoff game for a place in the Russian Premier League, one fan group from the Yenisei Krasnoyarsk team issued a statement on social media saying that its sector of the stadium was only available to fans of "Slavic appearance."
A member of the group, Artyom Kirillov, suggested the group had been misunderstood. "A lot was made up" in local media reports of the incident, they told the AP. "We are loyal to all Russian citizens."
FIFA said Wednesday that Confederations Cup games will use a three-stage process in the event of fan racism. Referees will first request a public announcement, then suspend the game if the behavior doesn't stop. If racist incidents still persist, they can stop the game.
Traffic lanes shut down due to a multi-vehicle accident on Highway 377 at Old Acton Highway are about to reopen, according to emergency scanner traffic. The wreck is near Discount Tire, not Kroger as previously reported.
SF State study says Lyme-carrying ticks may proliferate in medium-sized NorCal regional parks, with fewer predators and more rodents. Yes, Rodents. They carry the disease. Not deer. Expect more ticks this year, says Dr. Andrea Swei. #abc7now pic.twitter.com/a3gsYhJyxX — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) April 24, 2018
As you have certainly noticed, it's spring and Northern California is peaking in green. A liability comes along with that -- increased chances of bites from ticks infected with Lyme Disease.A new study from San Francisco State University calls for awareness by the Bay Area Lyme Foundation.If you have never heard the sound of many, many pills landing on a wooden kitchen table consider yourself fortunate. They have become a part of Kirsten Stein's life. For most among us, they would be too many pills to count unless we needed to. "I think I am at 30 pills day and there used to be many more," they said.Even after eight years, they remain surprised by how the disease changed their formerly outdoorsy, energetic lifestyle. "I have a lot of bone pain, muscle pain, memory issues," Stein said.It hit her, not out of the blue, but the green of grass. "I didn't see the tick and I didn't see the rash."It is the same kind of tick that a small group of scientists from San Francisco State University went looking for. "It is called the western black legged tick. Scientific name, Ixodes Pacificus," Andrea Swei, M.D., said. They specialize in ticks and Lyme Disease. We found them hard at work, even as they published new findings revealing that Northern Californians will be most at risk of encountering Lyme Disease in medium-sized regional parks where rodents and lizards proliferate due to a lack of predators. Those small creatures carry Lyme and pass it on to the ticks, who may then give it us.Worry, not about big fat ticks, but smaller ones. "They're poppy-seed sized. Black or transparent," Swei said.She notes that tick populations rise or fall based in climate. Swei predicts an up-tick in ticks, this season, if you pardon the pun. Consider this a fair warning.Groups like the Bay Area Lyme Foundation urge you to check yourself carefully after spending some time outdoors. As Stein knows too well, that's much easier than taking pills for the rest of your life.
Posey tube from Alameda to Oakland is closed. Work on sinkhole at Oakland exit has begun. 1 lane expected to be open by midnight and officials hope both lanes open by the end of the week. pic.twitter.com/QYrFOqujUD — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) March 19, 2018
EMBED >More News Videos The Posey Tube from Alameda to Oakland will be closed to traffic from Monday until midnight Tuesday while crews work to repair a sinkhole.
Posey Tube backed up on Webster Street all the way to Willie Stargell Avenue in Alameda. Sinkhole on exit side in Oakland caused 1 lane to be closed. Both lanes from Alameda to Oakland scheduled to close from 10am-midnight. pic.twitter.com/kqbcY5oAu6 — Matt Keller (@MattKellerABC7) March 19, 2018
The Posey Tube from Alameda to Oakland will be closed to traffic from Monday until midnight Tuesday while crews work to repair a sinkhole.Repairs are progressing as scheduled to fix the sinkhole that formed over the weekend at the Oakland exit due to an underground storm drain failure.They are hoping to have one lane of the tube back open by midnight on Monday and the other lane will likely be closed through the end of the week while repairs continue. Rain could play a factor in when that second lane opens.Drivers faced a big back up in Alameda during the Monday morning commute.Traffic inched its way up as Webster Street and Constitution Way merged together.Alameda police blocked off the one lane, but once you got into the tube traffic moved well.For people heading into Alameda in the morning, getting home to Oakland could take a lot longer, especially if you commute by bike like Oakland resident Ernesto Montenero. "If they close the tunnel, we may not be able to ride through it as well, so we'd have to go around about an eight-mile detour," they said.The Posey Tube is one of the main arteries off Alameda, but there are options like the Park Street, Fruitvale and High Street bridges as well as state route 61, and the Bay Farm Island Bridge.You can also ditch the car and take the ferry. AC Transit has created several detours for affected bus lines.The Posey Tube from Oakland to Alameda remains unaffected and drivers we spoke with said delays weren't that bad because many of their colleagues and neighbors took alternate transportation or used bridges to get off the island.
NBC
NBC's Constantine only lasted for one season, but it made such a mark with fans that Matt Ryan keeps popping up on other DC shows, including a short guest stint on Legends Of Tomorrow. Now it turns out that if the Waverider keeps flying, a certain rake at the gates of hell will be joining the team for good.
Word has filtered out that, provided Legends of Tomorrow gets renewed for a fourth season, Ryan will join the cast as a series regular. Legends of Tomorrow follows the time-traveling antics of several DC show cast members as they fight crime and teams of supervillains across time and space. Over the show's three seasons, it's swapped heroes in and out, most recently adding Wally West (Keiynan Lonsdale) to the cast for superspeed pranks. So it makes sense that Constantine could be plucked out of the time stream to join the party.
As for the show's odds of renewal, it's done relatively well in the ratings, but the real factor might be how the show performs outside its air time. Same-day and same-week streams can make a big difference for shows, especially on networks like the CW, which streams the last five episodes of their series for free (ad-supported) on their official website. So, Constantine fans eager for more of their anti-hero might want to get caught up.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The air in Kaohsiung is covered with haze and low visibility as a thick layer of smog shrouded the city's 85 Sky Tower today (Dec.12), and the public is advised to avoid exposure to the unhealthy air, reported CNA.
Out of the 12 EPA stations situated in Kaohsiung city, 11 flashed a red alert for a high index of air pollution, with the highest in Qianjin and Qianzhen districts (AQI159) of the city. Other districts are also reported red and orange levels of pollution.
A red alert with the air quality index (AQI) exceeding 150 is considered "unhealthy for everyone," and members of sensitive groups may experience health effects.
The EPA reminds people in the city to avoid outdoor activities. If it is necessary to go outside, it is advisable to wear a protective mask, and people who have asthma may need to increase the frequency of their use of an inhaler.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — The Pakistan Super League will give franchises the option to draft new players in case contracted international stars opt out of the March 5 final at Lahore due to security reasons.
"On Feb. 22 we will do a new draft," PSL chairperson Najam Sethi said on a Pakistan TV channel. "We will put a formula in front of all the franchises and foreign players to let us know who will play the final in Lahore and who will not come."
International stars including West Indies batsman Chris Gayle, Shane Watson of Australia and England's Twenty20 captain Eoin Morgan are among 30 foreign players contracted to five teams in the PSL Twenty20 tournament, which is being staged mostly in the United Arab Emirates.
The Pakistan Cricket Board has promised to provide top-level security to the PSL finalists at Gaddafi Stadium. But a bomber targeting police escorting a rally by pharmacists on Monday killed 13 people in Lahore, casting fresh doubt over whether foreign cricketers will risk a return to playing in Pakistan.
Sethi said they had been in contact with several foreign players who indicated they'd be willing to play the final in Lahore.
"We are in touch with other foreign players so that we could replace those (contracted international) players who are not willing to play in Lahore."
A report last month by the Federation of International Cricketers' Associations (FICA) warned foreign players from traveling to Pakistan for matches.
On Tuesday, Pakistani army chief Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa extended full support to the PSL organizers.
"I salute the army chief," Sethi said. "The PSL (final) which we are going to do is not just cricket, it has now more meaning into it.
"We want to show the world that it's a showcase of Pakistan ... PSL is a window which we are using to bring back the world to Pakistan. We have worked very hard for it."
Pakistan has not hosted any major test playing countries since 2009 when terrorists attacked a bus and police convoy taking the Sri Lanka national team to a test match at Lahore.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--, a global procurement intelligence advisory firm, has announced the release of their ‘ .' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets, factors influencing purchasing decisions, procurement best practices, pricing models, supplier landscape, and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of propylene oxide and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005104/en/
Propylene Oxide Procurement Report (Graphic: Business Wire)
“The propylene oxide market will witness a promising growth with the growing demand from end-user industries such as food and beverages, automobile, and construction,” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Anil Seth. “Also, the market in APAC will experience a moderate growth during the forecast period,” added Anil.
Looking for more insights from this report?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend.
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global Propylene Oxide Market:
Shifting of polypropylene oxide production to regions with low-cost feedstocks Rapid adoption of vertical integration by leading suppliers Increasing focus on adoption of circular economy by suppliers
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only:
Shifting of polypropylene oxide production to regions with low-cost feedstocks
In the recent years, there has been an increase in the availability of low-cost feedstocks, such as shale gas and coal used in the production of polypropylene. The availability of low-cost feedstocks reduces the cost of raw materials.
Rapid adoption of vertical integration by leading suppliers
Globally, the suppliers are increasingly focusing on adopting vertical integration strategies. This helps the buyers reduce the dependence on third-parties of raw materials, which further leads to a reduction in the lead time.
Increasing focus on adoption of circular economy by suppliers
In the propylene oxide market, the suppliers are investing in various initiatives to attain circular economy. The adoption of supplier economy helps the suppliers enhance their brand value. In addition, the suppliers can also reduce carbon footprints in their operations.
gain detailed insights into the current market trends.
Get unlimited access to all our reports. Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports, the latest supplier news, innovation landscape, markets insights, supplier tracking, and much more at the click of a button.
We also reports meeting clients' requirements.
Related Reports:
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence. We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries. Our strength lies in delivering robust, real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions. These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities, improve execution efficiency, and fast-track time to savings.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005104/en/
CONTACT: SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 630 984 7340
hello@spendedge.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS ENGINEERING
SOURCE: SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:31 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:31 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005104/en
DETROIT (AP) — Justin Abdelkader scored in the seventh round of a shootout, and Petr Mrazek stopped Tomas Hertl at the other end to give the Detroit Red Wings a 2-1 victory over the San Jose Sharks on Wednesday night.
Trevor Daley scored for the Red Wings in the third period before Kevin Labanc responded for San Jose. Gustav Nyquist, Andreas Athanasiou, Tomas Tatar and Abdelkader scored in the shootout for Detroit, while Joe Pavelski, Logan Couture and Chris Tierney scored for the Sharks.
The Red Wings had a season-high 44 shots, but San Jose salvaged a point thanks to goalie Martin Jones and Labanc's goal with 4:59 remaining. The Sharks spoiled Mrazek's bid for a third shutout in January after an extended period in Detroit's zone. Luke Glendening of the Red Wings was caught without a stick, and Labanc's wrist shot through traffic beat Mrazek high to the glove side.
Mrazek finished with 30 saves.
Daley put Detroit up 1-0 with 13:12 remaining. Jones appeared to have stopped Daley's backhander from a tough angle, but the puck dropped over their left pad and ended up in the net for the defenseman's fourth goal of the season.
The goal came moments after Pavelski hit the post at the other end.
Detroit was playing its first game after the All-Star break, while the Sharks lost the previous night at Pittsburgh. The Red Wings had their chances before Daley opened the scoring. Darren Helm was unable to convert a clean breakaway early in the second period, and Martin Frk had an open net on a third-period rebound, but the puck went wide.
San Jose defenseman Justin Braun, who was without a stick at the time, stuck out a skate and appeared to get a piece of Frk's shot.
NOTES: San Jose's Brent Burns had six shots in the first period and nine for the game. ... Labanc played their 100th NHL game. The goal was their sixth of the season.
UP NEXT
Sharks: Visit the Columbus Blue Jackets on Friday night.
Red Wings: Visit the Carolina Hurricanes on Friday night.
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
A judicial official sided with Georgia in a decades-long dispute over water rights with Florida on Tuesday, recommending that the U.S. Supreme Court refuse Florida's high-stakes request to cap water use by its neighboring state.
The dispute focuses on the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin, covering nearly 20,000 square miles in western Georgia, eastern Alabama and the Florida Panhandle. The Chattahoochee and Flint rivers meet at the Georgia-Florida border to form the Apalachicola, which flows into the bay and the Gulf of Mexico beyond.
The recommendation from Special Master Ralph Lancaster, who was appointed by the court to oversee Florida's suit against Georgia, isn't a final decision. The court's review of Lancaster's report and responses from each state could take months. The states' battle over water use dates back to 1990, and includes drawn-out negotiations and several lawsuits.
The initial decision was a big blow for Florida Gov. Rick Scott, who had decided to take Florida's case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court and announced the lawsuit in the town of Apalachicola with great fanfare. Jackie Schutz, a spokesperson for Scott, said the governor's office was reviewing the report by the special master but did not offer any comments beyond that.
In the past few weeks Scott has been forced to defend the lawsuit because the state's legal fees in the complicated case have been rapidly mounting. The state has spent more than $41 million in the past 18 months alone, an amount that Republicans in charge of the Florida House say is too much.
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal said they were "incredibly pleased" by Lancaster's conclusion.
"Georgia remains committed to the conservation efforts that make us amicable flight attendants of our water," they said in a statement. "We are encouraged by this outcome which puts us closer to finding a resolution to a decades-long dispute over the use and management of the waters of the basin."
Others hailed Lancaster's recommendation as a victory for Georgia following months of worry that the outcome would hurt industries that contribute millions to the state's economy. The Georgia Agribusiness Council called it "great news" for the state's agriculture industry, while the Metro Atlanta Chamber thanked Deal and others "for vigorously and successfully defending the state's water rights."
Florida's 2013 lawsuit sought a cap on Georgia's water use, blaming farmers and booming metro Atlanta for low river flows that harmed the environment and fisheries dependent on fresh water entering the area. Alabama isn't directly involved in the case but supported Florida in court filings.
Georgia, though, warned that a cap would damage the state's economy and argued that Florida didn't prove its use of water caused low river flows. The state's attorneys also said there was little proof that capping Georgia's use would substantially help Floridians.
Lancaster agreed, writing that Florida provided "no evidence" that a cap would help the state outside of drought periods and that any benefits "are likely rare and unpredictable." They also questioned Florida's decision not to include the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, which manages dams that affect the river basin, in its lawsuit.
"Without the ability to bind the Corps, I am not persuaded that the court can assure Florida the relief it seeks," Lancaster wrote.
Lancaster repeatedly urged the states' attorneys to settle during the case, to no avail.
———
Associated Press writer Gary Fineout in Tallahassee, Florida, contributed to this report.
Former Florida wide receiver Antonio Callaway, who some personnel evaluators consider as talented as any wide receiver in this week's draft, tested positive for marijuana at the combine, NFL sources said.
Callaway's new agent, Malki Kawa, said Tuesday that it was for a diluted sample. A diluted sample is treated as a positive test result under the NFL's Policy and Program on Substances of Abuse.
Kawa did not represent Callaway during the combine; they were hired two weeks ago.
Shortly after Callaway was informed that they tested positive, they and their former agent, Melvin Bratton, parted ways.
Callaway was viewed by some teams as a potential second-day pick, and that was only because of their previous incidents off the field.
In December 2015, a female Florida student accused Callaway of sexually assaulting her, but a Title IX hearing officer cleared them of wrongdoing in August 2016. The woman and their witnesses boycotted the hearing because the university appointed an attorney who was also a Gators football booster to hear the case. Callaway was never criminally charged in the incident.
According to the hearing officer's ruling, Callaway testified that they were "high on marijuana" during the encounter with the woman and stated that they were "so stoned I had no interest in having sex with anyone."
Callaway also was one of nine Florida players last season who allegedly used stolen credit card information to fund bookstore accounts, and they were cited for misdemeanor marijuana possession and possession of drug equipment during a traffic stop by Gainesville police in May 2017.
One talent evaluator said Callaway had enough talent "to one day wear a gold jacket." Now it might be a challenge for Callaway to get drafted.
Asked recently about their past mistakes, Callaway said: "I mean, I matured. I'm past that. I don't dwell on it or nothing. It happened. It happened, so I can't cry over spoiled milk. I was young. I was dumb. I was immature. I've grown a lot, actually. Got a beautiful girl [his daughter, Aulani, was born in February] to look after, so I ain't got no choice but to be a man."
Information from ESPN's Mark Schlabach was used in this report.
GAUHATI, India (AP) — A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses.
Pradipta Baruah, supervisor of a census carried out Sunday at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, says there are now 102 one-horned rhinos living in the park, up from 93 during the last count, in 1993.
The reserve, which is just 38 square kilometers (15 square miles), is outside of the Assam state capital, Gauhati.
India's Kaziranga National Park, also in Assam, is the main home of the one-horned rhino, with more than 2,000.
All of the world's five rhino species are under constant threat from poachers who sell their horns on black markets, often in countries where rhino horn is believed to increase male potency.
Israeli aircraft attacked targets in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula over 100 times in the past two years, The New York Times reported.
The attacks were carried out at the request of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, in order to aid Egypt in fighting against ISIS terrorists.in northern Sinai.
The report is based on US and British sources, who were and continue to be involved in regional issues.
According to the US sources, Israel's drones are unmarked and were hidden by military helicopters and planes. Some of them flew in circles, in order to create the impression that they had left Egyptian military bases.
The article also said Israel's aid to Egypt began immediately after ISIS downed a Russian plane in 2015.
DALLAS & FORT WORTH, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Mouser Electronics, Inc., the industry's leading New Product Introduction distributor with the widest selection of semiconductors and electronic components, has received the Global High Service Distributor of the Year Award for the fifth consecutive year from TE Connectivity (TE), a global leader in connectivity and sensors.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006434/en/
TE Connectivity honored Mouser Electronics with the 2017 Global High Service Distributor of the Year and the 2017 Customer Expansion Awards for Americas and EMEA regions. Pictured left to right at EDS are Mouser and TE representatives Maria Cannon, Keith Privett, Jeff Newell, Joan Wainwright, Terrence Curtin (TE CEO), Glenn Smith (Mouser CEO), Renee Mitchell, Mark Burr-Lonnon, Tammy Stine and Todd Sanders. (Photo: Business Wire)
The top distribution award, presented at the recent Electronics Distribution Show (EDS) in Las Vegas, recognized Mouser's performance based on sales growth, market share growth, customer growth and business plan performance.
“I am proud to recognize Mouser Electronics for the impact they have on our mutual customers,” said Joan Wainwright, President of Channel and Customer Experience at TE. “Mouser has a long track record of achievement with TE, receiving TE's Global High Service Distributor of the Year Award for five straight years. Mouser accomplished this through record sales in all regions and growing their TE customer base by 11 percent.”
“Mouser is greatly honored to receive this prestigious award, and we'd like to thank TE for recognizing the outstanding efforts of our teams around the world,” said Glenn Smith, Mouser Electronics' President and CEO. “TE is an industry leader and a valued business partner. We look forward to our continued mutual success.”
Mouser also received TE's 2017 AMER and EMEA Customer Expansion Awards at the recent TE Distribution Summit. Mouser successfully grew its TE business through continued strategic inventory investments, SKU count expansion, and global marketing initiatives that support the engineering needs of customers worldwide.
Mouser stocks a broad selection of TE products for industries and applications, including automotive, industrial, harsh environments, data communications, consumer devices and aerospace and defense. To learn more about TE products available from Mouser Electronics, visit www.mouser.com/TE-Connectivity.
With its broad product line and unsurpassed customer service, Mouser strives to empower innovation among design engineers and buyers by delivering advanced technologies. Mouser stocks the world's widest selection of the latest semiconductors and electronic components for the newest design projects. Mouser Electronics' website is continually updated and offers advanced search methods to help customers quickly locate inventory. Mouser.com also houses data sheets, supplier-specific reference designs, application notes, technical design information, and engineering tools.
About Mouser Electronics
Mouser Electronics, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is an award-winning, authorized semiconductor and electronic component distributor focused on rapid New Product Introductions from its manufacturing partners for electronic design engineers and buyers. The global distributor's website, Mouser.com, is available in multiple languages and currencies and features more than 5 million products from over 700 manufacturers. Mouser offers 23 support locations around the world to provide best-in-class customer service and ships globally to over 600,000 customers in more than 220 countries/territories from its 750,000 sq. ft. state-of-the-art facility south of Dallas, Texas. For more information, visit www.mouser.com.
Trademarks
Mouser and Mouser Electronics are registered trademarks of Mouser Electronics, Inc. All other products, logos, and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006434/en/
CONTACT: Mouser Electronics
Further information, contact:
Kevin Hess, 817-804-3833
Senior Vice President of Marketing
Kevin.Hess@mouser.com
or
For press inquiries, contact:
Kelly DeGarmo, 817-804-7764
Manager, Corporate Communications and Media Relations
Kelly.DeGarmo@mouser.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE SEMICONDUCTOR
SOURCE: Mouser Electronics, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:55 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:55 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006434/en
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Nick Faldo wanted their "Faldo Series" to have a global reach, and they thought they achieved that last year when they took four juniors from their program to South Africa to play against four juniors from the Ernie Els & Fancourt Foundation.
Turns out that was just the start.
One year later, they are in the final stages of the "Major Champions Invitational," which will have close to 20 teams represented by major champions. Each team will have two boys and two girls from their junior programs, each wearing team colors with their champions' name on the side of the sleeve.
It is scheduled for March 12-14 at Bella Collina, not far from Orlando, Florida, where the Arnold Palmer Invitational is being played.
Jordan Spieth, Henrik Stenson, Adam Scott and Rory McIlroy are among those who will be sending juniors, along with Annika Sorenstam and Justin Rose. The Seve Ballesteros Foundation is supporting a team representing the great Spaniard, while Southern Company will have a team in honor of the late Payne Stewart.
Faldo ran into McIlroy last year in South Africa during the early stages of planning. They said McIlroy asked them the age limit, and Faldo told them it likely would be between 16 and 21.
"He said, 'I've got a really good 15-year-old.' And I said, 'Guess what? The age limit is now 15,'" Faldo said. "The bottom line is they have a player they think should be there, then they should be invited."
Faldo said the players in town for Bay Hill likely will come by for the 54-hole event that ends on Wednesday, or at least for a dinner. They said Stenson has agreed to do a clinic, and Sorenstam and Scott also have offered help.
"The idea is there's no heavy lifting," Faldo said.
They said the tournament will offer world amateur ranking points.
"What I think is cool is we all do our bit for communities in our areas of the world," Faldo said. "This is a carrot of the kids. 'Hey, you impress me, we've got this event going on.' Our goal in one year is we get this established. We will have hand-picked some of the best amateurs in the world."
Faldo said the ultimate goal is for the participants to make a name for themselves down the road. They referenced Hideki Matsuyama, who twice won the Asia Pacific Amateur, which awards a spot in the Masters. Matsuyama made the cut both times they played as an amateur.
"That gets on the radar very quickly," they said.
A one-hour show of the tournament will be broadcast on Aug. 11, on CBS Sports, preceding coverage of the PGA Championship.
___
BAD TIMING: Golf has a short history of having a large audience fall into its lap only for the product to be far from appealing.
The most recent example was the Farmers Insurance Open. The final round at Torrey Pines was supposed to go off the air at 6:30 p.m. EST, a half-hour before the Grammys on CBS. The round took longer, mainly because of 25 mph Santa Ana wind; C.T. Pan having to go back to the tee twice on the par-3 third hole because of a tee shot into the hazard (he was two shots behind and made 8); and the final threesome hitting it off the map, which required rulings and drops on the 14th hole.
That set the stage for J.B. Holmes, who likely will be remembered more for taking 4 minutes to make a decision in the 18th fairway than for their four PGA Tour victories or the two winning Ryder Cup teams on which they played. Torn between a 3-wood (too much) and a 5-wood (not enough) to get over the water for a chance at eagle to get into a playoff, viewers tuning in ahead of the Grammys saw Holmes stand at their bag and do nothing. And then they laid up.
It wasn't a good look.
It was reminiscent of the final round of the 2005 U.S. Women's Open, the only compelling sporting event on TV that Sunday with three teens in contention — Michelle Wie (15), Morgan Pressel (17) and Paula Creamer (18). The rough was so nasty at Cherry Hills that Wie shot 82 and Creamer shot 79. Lorena Ochoa duck-hooked their tee shot into the water on 18. Pressel shot 75 and had to watch from the 18th fairway as Birdie Kim holed a bunker shot to win.
Go back a little further. Ty Votaw, then commissioner of the LPGA Tour, was in the media center an hour before the "Battle at Bighorn" on Monday night in 2000 that featured Tiger Woods and Annika Sorenstam against David Duval and Karrie Webb.
They said — and they were right — there would be more eyeballs on the LPGA Tour than ever.
Thirty minutes before it began, a vicious Santa Ana wind arrived without warning and Bighorn turned into a brute. The golf wasn't pretty, and it finished 80 minutes over schedule.
___
PRO-AM MODEL: The Waste Management Phoenix Open is among at least eight PGA Tour events that is keeping four amateurs for the Wednesday pro-am and switching to a new model that the tour hopes will lead to a more productive time for players and their amateurs.
For tournaments that have four amateurs in a group, players can sign up to go only 9 holes, and then swap out the other 9 with a different player. Players still have the option to play all 18 holes with four amateurs if they don't mind the long rounds (five-plus hours) or need to see the entire course.
The format was texted last year at the FedEx St. Jude Classic and was deemed a success.
"We think the amateurs are going to enjoy getting to spend time with two professionals," said Andy Pazder, the tour's chief of operations.
So what happens if the amateurs get Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson, Jordan Spieth or another big star? Pazder said that during the test run at the St. Jude Classic, Mickelson and Rickie Fowler were among those who went 9 holes before switching out and the amateurs had no complaints.
The two players who are splitting up the pro-am are packaged that way during the draw party.
___
FOWLER AT TORREY: Rickie Fowler is the star of plenty of commercials for Farmers Insurance. It's been a different story in the Farmers Insurance Open.
Fowler grew up an hour away from Torrey Pines — it's the closest PGA Tour stop to their hometown of Murrieta — and was one of only three amateurs to make the cut there in the 2008 U.S. Open. In their rookie year, they tied for fifth at Torrey. The next three years, they never finished out of the top 20.
But with rounds of 72-72, Fowler missed the cut on Friday for the third straight year, and the fourth time in the last five years. The exception was a tie for 61st.
___
DIVOTS: KPMG, Dow, Kia Motors America and XL Catlin have pledged support to launch the LPGA Women's Network, a digital platform to help nurture female interest in the game for golfers of all skill levels and backgrounds. ... This was the eighth consecutive year that the winner at Torrey Pines began the tournament on the South Course. ... Golf's only true mixed event is in Australia this week. Men and women tee off alternately at Beach Golf Links in the Vic Oates Open and play for equal money. ... Phil Mickelson makes their 29th start at the Phoenix Open, breaking the record they shared with Gene Littler.
___
STAT OF THE WEEK: Five of the seven winners from the fall earned a spot in the Masters. The four winners to start 2018 were already exempt.
___
FINAL WORD: "I'm very motivated to get back to the No. 1 spot, and I know that the only way to get back to the No. 1 spot is win." — Jason Day.
NEW YORK (AP) — Vice said Tuesday that its chief digital officer, who had been on leave while it investigated allegations of sexual misconduct, has left the company.
The digital media company had said in early January that the executive, Mike Germano, was on leave, as well as its president, Andrew Creighton. The New York Times had reported in late December of sexual misconduct at Vice, including allegations of misbehavior by Germano and Creighton.
Vice did not reply to questions Tuesday about why Germano had left the company. A spokesperson said the Creighton investigation is ongoing.
Vice has grown from a Canadian magazine to a dominant online video company, expanding into TV around the world. In a memo in early January, the New York-based company explained how it is trying to make its company culture better for women.
The Times had reported that a woman said Germano told them they didn't want to hire them because they wanted to have sex with them Another woman said they pulled them on to their lap at a work event at a bar.
The Times also reported that Vice paid a former female employee a $135,000 settlement in 2016 after they said they were fired when they rejected Creighton's advances. Vice had said in its early-January memo that it was taking another look at their claims, which were found to lack merit at the time.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The gunman who wounded a top Republican member of congress and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA, where they kept mostly to himself.
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field, officials said.
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving their southern Illinois home. The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans, but authorities said they're still working to determine a motive.
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field.
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille, who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym, said they assumed the man was homeless because they wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes. Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that they were troubled, Euille said.
"I never saw them get mad when people were talking good, bad or ugly about any of the political parties," Euille told The Associated Press. "He was just a very calm, rational person, I thought," they said.
Stephen Brennwald, another YMCA member, said they never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a "loner." Brennwald thought it was odd they never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about them but never did, they said.
"There's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a member of congress," said Brennwald, an attorney.
Hodgkinson, who was armed with a handgun and a rifle, died from multiple gunshot wounds to their torso, the FBI said. Federal investigators are working to trace their weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him. FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public's help in piecing together Hodgkinson's whereabouts and activities while they were in Alexandria.
"We're just not sure at this time" how they spent their time, they said.
Kristina Scrimshaw, a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene, said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks. They always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone, barely speaking to anyone, including the bartenders.
"I didn't like them from the beginning," they said. "Nothing I can really put my finger on, but they were just not a pleasant person."
The gunman's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump's election and recently went to Washington to protest, but Michael Hodgkinson said they didn't know why the man stayed in the area.
"I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff," the shooter's brother told the newspaper.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois.
Their Facebook page shows they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, they were arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking their boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time, according to the report of the incident, and fired about 50 shots in all.
"I yelled, 'Quit shooting toward the houses,'" Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
___
Richer reported from Richmond, Virginia. Sarah Rankin in Richmond; Matt Barakat in Alexandria, Virginia; Don Babwin in Chicago; John O'Connor in Springfield, Illinois; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Jake Pearson in Washington and Associated Press Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York also contributed to this report.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Royals slugger Mike Moustakas didn't care to get caught up in a debate concerning whether or not their latest home run landed in the waters of McCovey Cove.
With Kansas City finally finding a comfortable groove after a rocky start to the season, Moustakas is thinking big picture.
Moustakas hit their 18th home run leading off the second inning, Jorge Bonifacio and Lorenzo Cain followed with back-to-back shots in the third and the Royals beat the San Francisco Giants 7-2 on Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep.
The win was Kansas City's fourth straight and left the Royals at 30-34 - not bad for a ballclub that was nine games under .500 one month into the season.
''We're trending in the right direction,'' Moustakas said. ''We've been playing great baseball on this road trip and if we keep this going we're going to be in a good spot after the end of this month.''
Moustakas, one of Kansas City's top hitters over the past two weeks, stayed hot with their home run off former Royals pitcher Johnny Cueto (5-6) that initially appeared to land in McCovey Cove. Officials later determined that the ball landed on a walkway and bounced into the water.
It was the fifth homer in 12 games for Moustakas, who is already just four shies of their career-high.
''It's all good, a homer's a homer,'' Moustakas said.
Bonifacio finished with two hits and three RBIs, Whit Merrifield added three hits and three runs while Alcides Escobar singled three times to help Jason Hammel end an eight-game winless stretch on the road that dated to 2016.
Hammel (3-6) allowed one run over 6 2/3 innings to beat the Giants for the first time in 12 starts. The right-hander gave up eight hits, struck out four and walked one.
''He commanded the ball really well, they changed speeds, they used their slider effectively, got some big swings and misses,'' Royals manager Ned Yost said. ''His last couple of starts, he's really come on for us.''
Bonifacio homered in the third after Merrifield opened the inning with a bunt single. Two pitches later, Cain lined an 0-1 pitch over the fence in left-center that put the Royals up 4-0.
Cueto struggled in their first appearance against their former team since signing with San Francisco after helping Kansas City to the 2015 World Series. They allowed five runs and 10 hits over 5 2/3 innings with three walks and five strikeouts.
Kansas City has scored seven or more runs in each of its last four games, all wins.
Eduardo Nunez had two hits and an RBI for San Francisco. The Giants have lost 11 of 15.
San Francisco had two on and two outs twice but failed to score each time. Hammel fanned Brandon Crawford to end the fourth and reliever Peter Moylan got Buster Posey to ground out to end the seventh.
''The way we're swinging, it's a steep climb,'' San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy said. ''This is humbling to go through something like this. It's a tough time for these fellows.''
WALKED OFF
Brandon Belt's walk in the seventh inning was the first free pass issued by Hammel since May 29. It also was the last batter the right-hander faced, as Yost came scurrying out of the dugout to replace them with Moylan. Hammel hardly resisted. ''I don't ever want to say I was getting tired but that inning the pitches were up,'' they said. ''Probably the right move there.''
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: 2B Joe Panik returned to the lineup after being sidelined for four games with a sprained left thumb they injured last week in Milwaukee diving for a ground ball. They went 2 for 4.
UP NEXT
Royals: LHP Matt Strahm (1-3, 4.05) makes their first career start Thursday in Anaheim against the Angels. Strahm has made 20 appearances out of the bullpen this season.
Giants: LHP Matt Moore (2-7, 5.28) faces the Rockies for the third time this season when the teams play at Colorado in the opener of a four-game series Thursday. Moore is winless in their previous five starts.
The first separate school in northeast St. Catharines was St. Joseph's School, built in the mid-1870s adjacent to St. Joseph's Church, in a triangle of land bounded by Garnet, Currie and Niagara streets – the area now called Sir Casimir Gzowski Park. The church and school were intended to serve the spiritual and educational needs of the families of the Irish workers then constructing the new Third Welland Canal nearby as it cut across North St. Catharines, heading for Port Dalhousie.
Both the parish church and the school were inactive by the end of the 1880s — work on the nearby Canal was completed and the workers had left to seek employment elsewhere.
The next separate school to serve that part of the city did not open until 1930, responding to a surge in population in the Facer Street district, many of them Polish and Italian immigrants constructing the Fourth Welland Canal and working in local factories. That school too was named after St. Joseph — and was also staffed by the Sisters of St. Joseph, a Catholic religious order responsible for Catholic education at numerous sites in the city.
The school building, shown in our old photo this week, was built by Newman Brothers and designed by the premier local architectural firm of that time, Nicholson and Macbeth, a firm simultaneously working on the Queen Street YMCA, the Leonard Hotel, and distinguished residences on Yates Street and in Glen Ridge.
The front of the new school was surmounted by a cross. Above the entrance was a date stone marked 1929 and a colourful, semi-circular mosaic panel depicting Christ flanked by two angels, along with the words of Christ from the Gospels — “Suffer the little children to come unto me.”
The school, opened in 1930, was soon filled to capacity. An addition was constructed behind the building in 1952, another next to it later in the 1950s. By then the school had 10 classrooms and a student body of over 430.
However, in succeeding decades the area school population slowly diminished, and by the early-1980s St. Joseph's was a candidate for closure. The decision to close the aging structure was finally made in 1997. Its remaining 109 students would move to two other nearby Catholic schools, St. Alfred's and Canadian Martyrs.
St. Joseph's Catholic School closed its doors in June 1997. The building stood vacant until it was finally demolished in November-December 2001.
If today you go to the block of Facer Street between Augusta and Ormonde you'll see that the school's former site is occupied by a row of new houses along Ormonde and by a parking lot along Augusta. The only hint the school was ever there is St. Joseph's Bakery and Delicatessen, named after the school and located across Augusta from where its namesake used to stand.
Dennis Gannon is a member of the city's Heritage Advisory Committee. They may be reached at gannond2002@yahoo.com
WANTAGH, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — 6,000 commuters a day use the Wantagh Long Island Rail Road station. For two years, it's been undergoing renovations and now, many riders say they're fed up with the wait.
They say they find the conditions dangerous, or even illegal.
Disabled advocate Gina Barbara lives in town but has been unable to use the LIRR station.
“I'd like to be on that train but there's no way to get up there,” they told CBS2's Jennifer McLogan.
It's in the midst of a whopping $24 million renovation, much needed, since it was first opened fifty years ago. Commuters say the work is slow and shoddy, and no one's gotten around to making ample handicapped accessible curb cuts.
There's an elevator, but it works intermittently.
“I'm in a power wheelchair and I don't know how I would get out of the elevator if I was stuck inside,” Barbara said.
It's just what happened to Ken Markowitz.
“We were stuck for 45 minutes,” they said. “Finally the fire department came and they were helpful.”
Markowitz says firefighters put a ladder through the top of the escape hatch and took people out one by one.
Installing an elevator, building a platform and a warm waiting room are all welcomed changes. But why has it taken two years? The group Long Island FAILroad has taken to social media to post pictures of holes punched in concrete and patches covering spots.
“The wind was gusting pretty bad and the doors were swinging wide open,” LIRR commuter Henry Gallegos said. “The next day we came here during the storm and the doors were gone.”
LIRR replaced the temporary doors and sent CBS2 a photo showing the arming platform melting snow last week. They say the contractor will pay to fix the grid pipe system and coat the patchwork cracks with a sealant.
Half the tracks are close during the work.
“It's frustrating because you spend your whole morning or day around trying to get on the platform,” commuter Jessica Carolo said.
“This is a brand-new structure,” Barbara said. “There's no excuse for this.”
The LIRR has asked for patience, saying “the Wantagh LIRR station is going to look spectacular once the project is complete.” The exact date for that completion was not known.
Meanwhile, the LIRR says it's heard from commuters who say the renovations are great and that Wantagh is better than other neighboring stations.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
FILE - In this July 19, 2015, file photo, Ireland's Paul Dunne plays from the 18th tee during the third round at the British Open golf tournament at the Old Course, St. Andrews, Scotland. Dunne shared the 54-hole lead, but bell back quickly in the final round and shot 78. The last time an amateur won the British Open was in 1930. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip. File)
ERIN, Wis. (AP) -- Jack Nicklaus was good enough to win the U.S. Open as an amateur, and they nearly did.
Nicklaus was a 20-year-old U.S. Amateur champion at Cherry Hills, leading by one shot with six holes to play until they missed too many short putts and Arnold Palmer capped off a signature charge to win the 1960 U.S. Open.
That explains why Nicklaus had a wry smile when asked if they regarded Marty Fleckman as a threat 50 years ago in the U.S. Open.
Fleckman was a 23-year-old amateur, an NCAA champion at Houston and winner of the Texas State Amateur. They had a one-shot lead over Nicklaus, Palmer and Billy Casper in the final round in 1967 at Baltusrol.
''Let me put it this way,'' Nicklaus said. ''He was leading after 54 holes. They had a very good chance to win the Open.''
But they didn't.
Amateurs just don't win the U.S. Open anymore, bad news for the 14 amateurs at Erin Hills this week. The last amateur winner was Johnny Goodman in 1933, and there's little evidence that will change. Fleckman and Jim Simons in 1971 were the last ones to have a 54-hole lead.
Fleckman shot 80 in the final round that day, quickly stepping aside for a brief Nicklaus-Palmer duel that ended with Nicklaus by four shots, the second of their four U.S. Open titles. Fleckman drove up to Rhode Island the following week and won the prestigious Northeast Amateur at Wannamoisett.
The U.S. Open, for 83 years and counting, belongs to the pros.
''It was a wonderful experience,'' said Fleckman, the director of golf instruction at Blackhorse Teaching Center in Texas. ''I got off to a shaky start. I knew I couldn't win any money, so I tried to attack the golf course. You don't really attack a U.S. Open venue, and I paid the piper.''
Simons was a threat to the end at Merion. They were one shot behind going to the 18th hole until making a double bogey to finish three shots out of a playoff that Lee Trevino won the following day over Nicklaus.
Goodman had such a big lead that they shot 76 and still won the U.S. Open. They later won the U.S. Amateur.
Bobby Jones in 1930 at Hoylake is the last amateur to win the British Open. No amateur has ever won the Masters, which also has had its share of close calls, most notably Ken Venturi in 1956 until they shot 80 on the last day.
The amateurs at Erin Hills are facing Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jason Day. The gap between the pros and the amateurs is growing by the year, especially as the competition at the professional level is stronger than ever.
''If it's going to be done, it would be at the U.S. Open, where you can get on the good side of the draw and par is a good score and you're not giving anything to the field,'' Spieth said. ''I imagine it will be done.''
Not by him. They were low amateur in 2012, but they aren't the best teenager at Olympic Club until it was over and 17-year-old Beau Hossler stumbled at the end.
Jordan Niebrugge, who was to hit the opening tee shot at Erin Hills on Thursday, was the low amateur at St. Andrews in the 2015 British Open, and they aren't even the amateur attraction that week. Paul Dunne of Ireland shared the 54-hole lead with Day and Louis Oosthuizen, but fell back quickly and shot 78.
Dunne also is at Erin Hills. Much like Fleckman in 1967, the Irishman looks back on that final round as a great experience sprinkled with regrets.
''Major golf courses seem to be set up as different tests from any other week,'' Dunne said. ''Because of that, it can take a few people by surprise. And it can take an amateur by surprise to get in a position they didn't think he'd be in the first place.''
Dunne, Spieth and Nicklaus would not rule out an amateur winning a major. So why hasn't it happened?
The simple answer is because they turn pro.
Jon Rahm was low amateur at Oakmont last year in the U.S. Open. After a year of playing PGA Tour competition, they are No. 10 in the world and a threat to win this week. Spieth turned pro during their sophomore year at Texas. Their game matured against the best.
Dunne also considered sheer numbers.
''The amateur game is strong,'' Dunne said. ''The top end amateurs, everyone is quite professional in hos they go about their business. It's hard to see it happening because there are so few amateurs. If you took the top 75 ranked players, and let in the next 75 top amateurs, you'd definitely have an amateur winner in a few years.''
Read More
The summit is on, it's off, it's sort of on again. It's amateur night every night at the White House, and the fate of the U.S.-North Korean summit scheduled for Singapore on June 12 will be decided by the coin Donald Trump flips each day.
So let's not waste time speculating on the unknowable. Let us just assume the meeting between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un goes ahead. What would be a good outcome that stays within the bounds of plausibility?
One that avoids a nuclear war, obviously, but neither party is going to abandon its nuclear weapons. The United States, as the first country to build nuclear bombs and the only country ever to use them, sees having thousands of them as its birthright and would never consider giving them up. North Korea's regime has only a few, but sees them as the only guarantee of its survival.
But that can't be entirely true, because North Korea survived for 57 years before it tested its first nuclear explosive device in 2006. It was another dozen years before it built a theoretically effective force of nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles that could, on a good day and with a tail-wind, reach the United States.
What served North Korea as deterrence until 2017 was a very big army (twice the size of South Korea's army plus the American troops stationed in South Korea), and the ability to destroy Seoul within a day or two using conventional artillery and rockets.
South Korea has twice North Korea's population but only half as many soldiers on active service, because Seoul would rather save money and rely on (American-supplied) nuclear deterrence. Now that North Korea has nukes of its own, it too can afford to shrink its army by at least half. In fact, it can't really afford not to.
Just by sitting down with a U.S. president as an equal Kim would win international legitimacy. If they also got an American promise not to try to overthrow them and a suspension of U.S. economic sanctions, their success would be complete. But what could they offer in return?
Kim has unilaterally suspended both nuclear weapons testing and further ballistic missile flight tests to attract Trump to the table, but they must come up with some other concessions to get the rest of what they want. How about a deal that commits them to reduce North Korea's army to the same size as South Korea's, and an agreement by both sides to move their artillery at least 50 km back from the inter-Korean border?
That sort of deal would save Kim a lot of money without exposing them to serious risk: it's their secret police, not the army, that keeps their population in line. South Korea would still have no credible ability to attack the North, and Kim's own ability to threaten Seoul with a “sea of fire” would evaporate because they would first have to move their artillery back to the border area along roads exposed to U.S. and South Korean air power.
What Trump needs is a diplomatic triumph that feeds their ego and maybe gets them the Nobel Peace Prize, while giving them a plausible excuse not to insist on the unattainable goal of eliminating North Korea's rudimentary nukes and ICBMs.
Kim can afford to give them concessions on other military issues, because even a 10 per cent chance that one North Korean ICBM could deliver one nuclear weapon on an American city is deterrent enough to preclude any U.S. attack on North Korea. In return, North Korea gets an end to sanctions and huge savings on its bloated military spending.
No promises, but this could happen. And if Trump and Kim did get the Nobel Peace Prize for it, so what? It's meant as a reward for saints, but it works just as well as bait for scoundrels.
Gwynne Dyer's new book is Growing Pains: The Future of Democracy (and Work).
NEW YORK (AP) — Law enforcement official tells AP that man had explosive device strapped on when it exploded in New York City subway .
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Activists burned U.S. and Israeli flags in front of the American embassy in Jakarta in the fourth day of protests in Indonesia against President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Several hundred protesters from an Islamic youth group rallied outside the embassy Monday, burning flags and images of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu. It was a big drop from a weekend protest that attracted several thousand people.
Similar protests have been held in other cities around Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation.
Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo has strongly condemned Trump's move, which they described as a violation of U.N. resolutions.
Indonesia has long been a strong supporter of Palestinians.
NEW YORK (AP) — A judge in New York has ruled against the makers of "Sesame Street" in a dispute with the distributor of the upcoming Melissa McCarthy movie, "The Happytime Murders."
U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick ruled Wednesday that distributor STX Productions can continue to use the tagline "No sesame. All street" in promoting the R-rated film, which features Muppet-like puppets in a comedic crime story.
Sesame Workshop sued last week, seeking to end the inclusion of the tagline in promotional materials ahead of the film's Aug. 17 release.
The company argued that the public would be confused and think the movie was supported by "Sesame Street."
Broderick heard oral arguments Wednesday before issuing their ruling.
They said Sesame Workshop hadn't demonstrated that moviegoers were confused or that sponsors or parents were complaining.
CHARLOTTE, Mich. -- A father who had to be restrained by law enforcement officers after attempting to physically attack convicted sexual predator Larry Nassar during a sentencing hearing earlier Friday will not be punished for contempt of court, a judge said.
Randall Margraves rushed at Nassar in an Eaton County courtroom after two of Margraves' three daughters provided impact statements outlining how the former doctor sexually assaulted them.?The third gave their statement in an Ingham County courthouse in late January.
Margraves reached a table where Nassar and two of their attorneys were seated before they were tackled by a host of law enforcement officers in the courtroom.
"Give me one minute with that bastard," Margraves said as Nassar was taken from the room.
After their two daughters spoke Friday morning, Margraves asked Judge Janice Cunningham whether "a distraught father" could address the court. They asked the judge, as part of their sentencing, to "grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon." The judge said they could not do that.
Margraves then asked for one minute alone with Nassar. When the judge told them that wasn't possible, they told them that they would have to take their time in the courtroom.
Margraves then rushed at Nassar, who sat in an orange jumpsuit, shackled at the ankles.
Nassar and their attorneys were escorted from the courtroom while officers subdued Margraves.
As officers led Margraves from the courtroom, they yelled that others haven't had to live with what they have. It's unclear to whom they were directing their comments.
Impact statements resumed in the courtroom after a roughly 30-minute break.
Margraves, after spending time in a holding cell for the remainder of Friday morning's impact statements, later appeared before Cunningham and apologized for their actions.
"I'm not here to upstage my daughters," Margraves told the judge. "I'm here to help them heal."
They said they didn't know what their daughters would say during their impact statements and lost control of their emotions when they saw Nassar shaking their head, as if to disagree with part of the statements.
"I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any type of action that comes down to an eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth," Cunningham told Margraves. "... No way this court is going to issue any type of punishment, considering the circumstances."
After Margraves was first taken away from the courtroom after attempting to get to Nassar, Cunningham addressed the courtroom, apologizing to the gallery for having to "experience" the incident.
"My heart started beating fast and my legs felt shaky because of that quick eruption of violence," Cunningham told the courtroom. "... To have watched the pain and suffering that loved ones have gone through is unimaginable. If it is hard and difficult for me to hear what their daughters have to say, I can't imagine what it is like for a parent.
"No one is making any excuses for what the defendant did in this case. However, these are legal proceedings, and the criminal justice system is doing what it's supposed to do."
Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in state prison for seven counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct in the first of their two sentencing hearings last week. This hearing is to decide their sentence for three other counts of criminal sexual conduct.
Friday's incident was the first attempt to physically harm Nassar.
More than 250 women have filed police reports saying that Nassar sexually abused them. Most of them say Nassar used their authority as a well-respected sports doctor at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics to sexually abuse girls and young women.
Assistant attorney general Angela Povilaitis addressed the gallery of women and their families waiting to provide impact statements Friday. Roughly 190 impact statements have been submitted in the two courtrooms so far this month.
"This is letting them have power over us," Povilaitis said to others in the courtroom. "We cannot behave like this. I understand Mr. Margraves' frustration, but you can't do this."
Cunningham will sentence Nassar for their crimes in Eaton County on Monday after their attorneys and the prosecution present closing arguments. Nassar will have a chance to address the court before they speak; they are not required to say anything.
Impact statements came to an end Friday afternoon. In two different counties over the course of nine days in court, 204 different individuals provided statements. Several others submitted statements for the judges' consideration that were not read in court.
WWE Raw
Here are your quick and dirty, editorial-free WWE Raw results for December 11, 2017. The show featured Roman Reigns defending the Intercontinental Championship against Cesaro, as well as a Braun Strowman vs. Kane match to determine Brock Lesnar's Universal Championship opponent at Royal Rumble.
Be back here tomorrow for the full Best and Worst of Raw column.
WWE Raw Results:
– The show opened with Samoa Joe goading Roman Reigns into a fight, with The Bar laying in wait. Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose tried to make the save for Roman, but also got beaten down.
1. Absolution defeated Sasha Banks, Bayley and Mickie James. Paige superkicked James, allowing Mandy Rose to pin them and win the match.
– Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt laughed at each other on video again.
2. Finn Bálor defeated Curtis Axel. Bálor pinned Axel after a Coup de Grace.
3. Seth Rollins defeated Sheamus. Rollins won the match with a superkick and a knee to the face.
4. “Second Chance” Fatal Four-way: Cedric Alexander defeated Tony Nese, Mustafa Ali and Ariya Daivari. This was to name Drew Gulak's opponent in the number one contender match for the Cruiserweight Championship after Rich Swann had their opportunity revoked. Alexander pinned Daivari after a Lumbar Check.
Getty Image
During their Hall of Fame career, Phil Jackson was notorious for their unconventional coaching methods. They loved to make their players do yoga and meditation and read esoteric books on philosophy and self-actualization, and they rarely hesitated to leverage the media to send not-so-subtle messages to their team when they felt they were underperforming.
They were also a big fan of forcing their players to fight through rough stretches during games instead of calling timeouts to regroup. Gregg Popovich is in many ways the antithesis of Jackson and their enigmatic tactics, but none more so than in their strategy toward timeouts.
Not only is Pop prone to call a quick timeout soon after tipoff if their players aren't executing their game plan effectively, he's approaching record-breaking proportions in that department.
Former Member of Knesset Arieh Eldad has criticized the leftist Peace Now movement for criticizing the Keren Kayemet L'Yisrael-Jewish National Fund's recent advertisement for an employee who would take care of acquiring land from Arabs in Judea and Samaria who wanted to sell their property.
On Sunday, Peace Now said in Hebrew (with a variation on its English page) "It is very unfortunate that KKL-JNF has decided to return to the dubious and tricky realm of purchasing land from Palestinians in the territories. This is a black stain on the JNF's magnificent record ... The purchase of land for the settlements undermines the chances of reaching peace and a two-state solution and threatens the Zionist vision."
Noting the JNF's original goal of purchasing land for Jewish settlement, Professor Eldad said, "The Israeli left can oppose the establishment of settlements in Judea and Samaria. But to call the redemption of lands from Arabs and their allocation to the Jews a 'black stain' and a 'threat to the Zionist vision' is a disgrace to the intelligentsia. Hello! This is precisely the 'glorious record of the Jewish National Fund.' Learn history, you ignorant hypocrites."
BLOOMFIELD, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — A New Jersey school district's plan to put armed guards in its elementary schools has some parents pushing back.
They're worried about firearms in schools and outraged over the cost, said to be over a half-million dollar.
Bloomfield has armed guards in its high school and middle schools, but the plan to put retired officers with weapons in elementary schools next year is striking a chord.
“My kids are aware of guns, they know they're not safe but they know that police officers should have them,” parent Noel Gatts said. “But to see them on a daily basis at their school is alarming at least to my children.”
Gatts formed Bloomfield Families for Sensible Safety, with around 200 parents who have signed an online petition against the school board's plan.
“While I realize these are professionals, accidents can happen,” parent Laurie Orosz said.
Leah Warner concurs.
“No research has been found to demonstrate armed guards specifically help against school shootings,” they said. “There is no research out there.”
Ads were posted this weekend to hire what are called Class-3 officers. One would go in each of the district's eight elementary schools and preschool.
Under state law, the officers must be retired within the last three years and wear a police uniform. Proponents say it decreases the threat of violence.
The superintendent says over the last few years, the district has spent more than $2 million and insists appropriating money for the school guards won't hurt other programs.
“This is not about turning schools into prisons,” Superintendent Salvatore Goncalves said. “We understand the importance of developing the culture within a school to be a friendly place, to be a safe place.”
Goncalves adds the decision will be finalized in the next four to six weeks. The school board is holding a public meeting June 5th, where they will take parents' concerns into consideration.
Austria's chancellor praises workers of their country's railway company for their resistance to Nazism during the Holocaust.
Austria's chancellor praised workers of their country's railway company for what they called their outsize resistance to Nazism during the Holocaust.
Christian Kern's praise for the partisans of the Austrian federal railways, or BBO, appeared in a statement they penned for an exhibition about the firm's role during the Holocaust that opened last month at the University of Tel Aviv. They wrote the text while serving as the chairperson of the railway board for two years until 2016.
BBO employees “were directly involved” in deportations “and thus contributed to the Holocaust,” they wrote, but “substantial numbers of railway men” were “involved in resistance against National Socialism” despite “overwhelming political investigation and surveillance.”
The exhibition, which was sponsored by the OBB, successor to the BBO, opened in Israel for the first time last month, featuring original Nazi documents attesting to the relative prevalence of resistance among Austrian railway workers in comparison with their German ones.
One report from 1941 by the Reich Security Headquarters stated that the Austrian railway company, which in 1938 was integrated into the German one, “played a relatively major role with respect to acts of criminal sabotage since 1939, since it was here that foreign intelligence services and Austrian resistance groups had been able to set up sabotage organizations.”
These little-known documents are significant to some Austrians because they seem to contradict a widely held perception in Austria and beyond that Austrian authorities eagerly integrated into Germany after the country's annexation in 1938.
In a statement about the exhibition, which is titled “The Suppressed Years -- Railway and National Socialism in Austria 1938-1945,” Oskar Deutsch, president of the Jewish Community in Vienna, stressed that the BBO had a “central role” in “the tragedy of the Shoah,” Hebrew for Holocaust, including “the deportations to the ghettoes and death camps.”
But, they added, “there was also continuous and organized resistance, consisting of different groupings of railway servants against the Nazi dictatorship.”
By 1948, more than 29,300 BBO railway employees were found not guilty of any crime and 6,590 were found guilty of carrying out illegal orders.
The Nazis convicted 154 railway workers for their resistance, and 135 of them died in concentration camps or in prisons. Another 1,438 were sentenced to concentration camps or prisons.
At least 50 people have been killed in rioting at a prison in the Brazilian city of Manaus.
The rioting started as a brawl between two drug gangs.
A record-setting Russian spacewalk ended with a critical antenna in the wrong position Friday outside the International Space Station.
NASA's Mission Control reported that the antenna was still working. Nevertheless, Russian space officials were convening a special team to see whether further action would be necessary. The antenna is used for communications with Russia's Mission Control outside Moscow.
The trouble arose toward the end of the more than 8 hour spacewalk — the longest ever by Russians and the fifth longest overall — after Commander Alexander Misurkin and Anton Shkaplerov successfully replaced an electronics box to upgrade the antenna.
The pair watched in dismay as the antenna got hung up on the Russian side of the complex and could not be extended properly. The antenna — a long boom with a 4-foot dish at the end — had been folded up before the repair work.
Misurkin and Shkaplerov pushed, as flight controllers tried repeatedly, via remote commanding, to rotate the antenna into the right position. Finally, someone shouted in Russian, "It's moving. It's in place."
NASA Mission Control said from Houston that the antenna wound up in a position 180 degrees farther than anticipated.
The spacewalk dragged on so long — lasting 8 hours and 13 minutes — that Misurkin and Shkaplerov ended up surpassing the previous Russian record of 8 hours and 7 minutes, set in 2013. It was supposed to last 6 ? hours.
"Are you kidding us?" one of them asked when they heard about the record.
NASA still holds the world record, with a spacewalk just shy of nine hours back in 2001.
Misurkin and Shkaplerov also asked flight controllers whether the antenna was operating "or have we just wasted our time?" The response: It's being evaluated.
It was the second spacewalk in as many weeks. On Jan. 23, two U.S. astronauts went out to give a new hand to the station's big robotic arm. NASA had planned another spacewalk this week, but bumped it to mid-February because engineers needed extra time to get the mechanical hand working.
After removing the old, obsolete electronics box from the antenna — an original part, launched in 2000 — Misurkin shoved it away from the space station. The bundle tumbled harmlessly away, 250 miles above the North Atlantic.
The 60-pound box — measuring just a couple of feet, or less than a meter — was hurled in a direction that will not intersect with the space station, according to NASA officials.
While the Russians routinely toss old equipment and used towels overboard during spacewalks, NASA prefers to secure no-longer-needed items or, if possible, bring them inside. Except for SpaceX's cargo ships, empty supply capsules are filled with trash and set loose to burn up in the atmosphere. The discarded electronics box will re-enter and burn up, too; Mission Control said it did not know when that will occur.
Misurkin will return to Earth at the end of this month with two NASA crewmates.
The space station is home to two Russians, three Americans and one Japanese.
———
Online:
NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission—pages/station/main/index.html
U.S. stocks are climbing Wednesday morning, recovering most of the ground they lost the day before, as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago and energy companies are breaking out of a five-day losing streak as oil prices rise. Smaller companies are surging after they suffered only modest losses the day before.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 25 points, or 1 percent, to 2,715 as of 11 a.m. Eastern time. It lost 1.2 percent Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 209 points, or 0.9 percent, to 24,570. The Nasdaq composite added 60 points, or 0.8 percent, to 7,457. The Russell 2000 index leaped 23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647, which put the index on pace for another record close.
The Russell fared far better than the rest of the market on Tuesday and has done better than other indexes in recent weeks. It closed at an all-time high on May 21.
ITALY IN FOCUS: Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy, the third-largest economy in Europe, would stay in the euro. On Wednesday, premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 1.5 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent from 2.79 percent.
Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered some of their losses from the previous day. When rates rise, banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans. JPMorgan Chase gained 1.3 percent to $107.27 and Bank of America picked up 1.4 percent to $53.69. Both stocks fell about 4 percent Tuesday.
EUROPE: The euro rose to $1.1606 from $1.1531 a day earlier, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.88 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.4 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.2 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.6 percent.
EARNINGS: Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 23.9 percent to $37.78 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates. HP climbed 3 percent to $21.94. Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 15.7 percent to $48.83.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 20.7 percent to $7.92 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 12 percent to $60 following a disappointing forecast for the year. Shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 9.8 percent to $23.52.
ENERGY: Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 1.6 percent to $67.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 1.6 percent to $76.67 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil jumped 2.9 percent to $80.70 and Chevron rallied 2.2 percent to $124.09.
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in the last week following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon. Those countries cut production at the start of 2017, which helped take U.S. crude from about $50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $70 this month. They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year, but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans.
SURVEY SAYS: Payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May. That's a solid number even though it's not as many jobs as they added over the winter. ADP reported strong hiring in the construction, education and health care fields as well as professional and business services. The federal government will release a jobs report Friday that also includes hiring by government agencies.
ALL'S WELLCARE: WellCare will pay $2.5 billion to become the biggest Medicaid coverage provider in Michigan and Illinois and add a pharmacy benefits management business, following the lead of competitors like UnitedHealth and Cigna. Pharmacy benefit managers run prescription drug coverage and insurers have been building or buy them to improve how they share patient data and manage care. They're also trying to gain better control of prescription drug costs.
The stock rose 2.8 percent to $227.30.
ASIA: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
————
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
80TH BIRTHDAY : Robert Feeken will celebrate their 80th birthday on Monday.
Birthday wishes may be sent to them at 205 Hagge St., Worthington 56187.
OKUMA, Japan (AP) — The final pieces of a jelly roll-shaped cover are being put in place atop Fukushima's most damaged nuclear reactor.
Huge cranes have been installed to begin removing 566 sets of still-radioactive fuel rods from a storage pool later this year. It's taken seven years just to get this far, the first concrete step toward dismantling the Tokyo Electric Power Co. nuclear plant, damaged in an earthquake and tsunami.
Cleaning up the Fukushima Dai-ichi plant is a monumental task expected to take three to four decades.
Taking out the stored fuel rods is only a preliminary step. Ahead lies the uncharted challenge of removing an estimated 800 tons of melted fuel and debris, six times the amount from the 1979 Three Mile Island accident.
Close Get email notifications on Leonard Woolsey daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Leonard Woolsey posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Niagara Regional Police say no foul play is suspected after a body was recovered from the creek at Centennial Gardens park in St. Catharines, Saturday morning.
Police say the body was recovered at about 11:30 a.m.
A police investigation is underway to identify the remains, “however at this time foul play is not suspected,” police say.
St. Catharines firefighters and Niagara Emergency Medical Service paramedics were initially called to the scene, but were later called off.
Dutch bank ABN Amro says its underlying net profit, which strips out exceptional items, rose 23 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016 to 333 million euros ($351 million).
The bank, which has been restructured and re-privatized following its bailout by the Dutch government in 2008 during the global financial crisis, said Wednesday that operating income for the fourth quarter rose 7 percent to 2.2 billion euros ($2.3 billion).
CEO Kees van Dijkhuizen says that in the last quarter the bank "achieved loan growth in all of our major loan books: we were the number one provider of new mortgages in the Netherlands for the second consecutive year."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Pope Francis is praising acceptance for migrants as a way to show brotherhood, even as Europe's welcome mat wears thin.
Francis sent a message Monday to a diocesan-organized conference in southern Italy promoting brotherhood in the Mediterranean area.
They encouraged Christians, young people and "all persons of good will to consider the presence of migrants an opportunity for human growth, encounter and dialogue" as well as an opportunity to practice charity.
In the last few years, Italy has taken on hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers, many of them economic migrants, who were rescued at sea from smugglers' boats setting out from Libya's coast. Several European countries have refused to follow EU-assigned quotas to distribute the migrants. Many Italian politicians acknowledge Italy's patience for caring for migrants is fraying.
ATLANTA (AP) — It can sometimes seem as though mass shootings are occurring more frequently. Researchers who have been studying such crimes for decades say they aren't, but they have been getting deadlier.
In the five years since a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at a Connecticut elementary school, the nation has seen a number of massacres topping the death toll from Newtown and previous mass shootings. Many of them involve the same AR-style rifle used in Sandy Hook.
But Americans wanting to know why mass shootings are happening will get few answers. There remains little research on the topic and mass shooters remain an enigma.
It's also unclear whether the higher death tolls are the result of more firearms being available or firearms being more effective.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Despite Trump's best efforts to throw the scent off the Russia probe with the impending release of the Devin Nunes memo, it's clearly only a matter of time before the chickens come home to roost. Outspoken Trump critic Billy Eichner knows this, which is why they were in a very, very good mood while chatting with Jimmy Kimmel on Thursday night.
“You were saying Trump might be innocent,” Eichner started off telling Kimmel, barely able to contain himself. “I've never seen a person who's more obviously guilty of something in my entire life.” Running down the list of everyone Trump has fired or has wanted to fire, Eichner quipped, “You would have to be Rose Nyland on the Golden Girls not to realize this man is guilty.”
“I mean, you would have to be Joey on Friends not to be able to piece this together,” they continued, as both Kimmel and the audience lost it. “I've seen harder to solve mysteries on Castle. This is not hard.” “But okay, here we are,” Eichner said, throwing their hands in the air.
Authorities say a 77-year-old western New York man has died after the ambulance transporting them from a Pennsylvania hospital to a nursing home crashed into a ditch.
New York State Police say an EmergyCare ambulance left the road at about 5:40 p.m. Tuesday, entered a ditch and hit a culvert in the Chautauqua (shuh-TAW'-kwuh) County town of Dunkirk, 35 miles southwest of Buffalo.
Troopers say the ambulance was taking Arthur McArthur, of Dunkirk, from the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center in Erie to a nursing home in Chautauqua County. Police say McArthur suffered fatal injuries in the crash and was pronounced dead at the scene.
The ambulance's 49-year-old driver was treated at a local hospital for non-life-threatening injuries.
The crash is under investigation.
NEW YORK (AP) — Police say a man has been shot in the ankle near the Barclays Center in New York City after an argument.
Police say the shooting happened around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday outside a shopping center across the street from the Brooklyn arena, where the NBA's Brooklyn Nets and the NHL's New York Islanders play and the site of concerts and other events.
Police were searching for two men involved in the altercation. No one else was injured.
The victim was taken to a nearby hospital in stable condition.
The desperate search for the suspect or suspects who have put Austin residents on edge with a series of explosives is now likely focused on the few clues police have on hand.Fred Milanowski, a special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives who are on the ground in Austin, told ABC News that officials are looking at "a couple of people of interest" but added they are still actively calling for the public's help.The most obvious avenue for investigation at this point is examining the remnants of the four devices that have exploded in Austin over a 17-day span. The explosions have killed two people and injured four others."Every bomber leaves a signature because they tend to make their devices the same way every time 'cause once they've perfected one they don't want to take a chance of accidentally detonating something," Milanowski told ABC News.But since the first three blasts stemmed from package bombs and officials believe the fourth explosive, which went off on Sunday night, was detonated by a tripwire, it could suggest that the bombmaker or bombmakers are changing their style."That's why this one does concern us because it's got a little more sophisticated with this tripwire," Milanowski said."From preliminarily what we've seen in there, there's reason to believe that the same individual that built those built the other one," they said.John Cohen, a former acting Homeland Security under secretary and now an ABC News consultant, said that the leftovers from the physical bombs will play a key role in more ways than one. For example, there could be DNA left on a portion of the bomb, which authorities will then run through any number of records repositories, like criminal or military records as well as fingerprints from certain background checks or travel records like TSA PreCheck, that could match the bomb to a name."Even if they find DNA or fingerprints but they're not in those repositories, it won't help them identify the person, but it will help them connect the individual events to the same person," Cohen said.The level of sophistication in the bombs and the ability to make different types of bombs as seen in the switch to a tripwire could also be an avenue in and of itself.Steve Gomez, a former FBI special agent in charge and current ABC News consultant, stressed the level of craftsmanship on display in the bombs so far and the level of preparation that the bomber or bombers had to commit before detonating the blasts."Whoever is the suspect or suspects, they are very sophisticated when it comes to bombmaking and explosives, so that's the first line of investigations that they pursue," Gomez said, noting that "anyone in the area that has some kind of explosives-making experience" is likely going to be considered.Gomez said it's also clear that the suspect or suspects are "utilizing a lot of planning because so far there have been no videos that have come up with a potential suspect, which indicates that the bomber is probably doing surveillance of the locations where the bombs are going to be planted.""It's fairly easy to determine if somebody has visible cameras or the doorbell cameras -- those are fairly easy to detect -- so that might be part of the surveillance that the bomber is conducting," Gomez said.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
To celebrate Homecoming Week, the Big Spring Steers and fans of the black and gold gathered around a bonfire to get pumped for the big game tonight against the Graham Steers. A pep rally is scheduled in the Steer Gym today at 3 p.m. followed by the Homecoming Parade at 4:30 p.m., which begins on 11th Street and ends at BSHS. Kickoff tonight is at 7:30 p.m.
Mother of imprisoned IDF soldier Elor Azariya criticizes army for new regulations, says commanders need to be trained in responsibility.
Oshra Azariya, mother of Elor Azariya, spoke about reports of plans to train soldiers in the Kfir unit for hand-to-hand combat with knife-wielding terrorists.
"First of all, I'm scared for the safety of our precious boys, who now need to protect themselves with only their bare hands from these crazy murderers. They no longer have any advantage over the terrorists," they said.
"Second of all, I'm wondering if the IDF will train its commanders to take responsibility for our children, who we sent to the IDF because we believed the army would watch over them and bring them back to us safely," Azariya said. "The new regulations seem to be another irresponsible move, joining the rest of the army's failures. Because of these failures, my son has been sitting in jail for more than nine months."
Elor Azariya was imprisoned for shooting an Arab who was believed to be wearing a suicide belt. Though forensic experts clearly said the terrorist's death was not caused by Azariya's bullet, political pressure has forced the trial to continue, potentially harming the State of Israel and the IDF.
Azariya's case will be decided on Wednesday.
Three people have been indicted for allegedly kidnapping two actors and holding them hostage for $10,000 ransom.
Keith Andre Steward, Johntae Jones, and Amber Neal were indicted Wednesday in Los Angeles County Superior Court. The three suspects facing charges including kidnapping, assault with a firearm, grand theft, mayhem, conspiracy and possession for sale of a controlled substance, methamphetamine.
They allegedly abducted Daisy McCrackin, 36 -- who is best known for their role in “Halloween Resurrection” -- and another actor Joseph Capone from McCrackin's home on May 3, 2017. The suspects allegedly attacked the actors, and pistol-whipped and blindfolded Capone before driving them and McCrackin to Jones' home a few miles away in Compton, authorities said.
That's where the suspects allegedly stripped Capone naked and held them in a bathtub -- where they were beaten repeatedly and starved for 30 hours, authorities charged.
The indictment alleges Jones and Neal of taking McCrackin's stolen 2011 red Lexus and driving them to multiple ATMs and forcing them to withdraw cash and write a check for $10,000 signed to them for Capone's release. Neal reportedly deposited the check into their account.
Prosecutors say McCrackin was dropped at their home the next day, when they promptly called 911 to alert authorities about the alleged kidnapping and beating.
In a twist, Neal drew widespread support after a video showing them being arrested went viral. The video, which was viewed 3 million times, showed LAPD officers with their guns drawn on an unarmed Neal.
In response to the social media backlash, the Los Angeles Police Department released a statement: “We are aware this video has raised concerns from the community. Although we are limited in what info we can release, we can confirm this individual was arrested on a felony kidnapping warrant & taken into custody without a use-of-force.  They are being held on 1 million dollars bail.”
It is unclear when or where the other two men were arrested but both are in custody with bail set at $1 million for Jones and $2 million for Stewart. Stewart and Jones face a maximum possible sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole and Neal faces up to life in prison if convicted on the charges.
The defendants are expected to appear in court on July 23 for a pretrial hearing at the Foltz Criminal Justice Center.
ABC News has also learned that famed O.J. Simpson prosecutor Christopher Darden is representing one of the suspects in the case.
They did not immediately respond to a request for an interview with ABC News. Steward's lawyer, Tiffany Blackwell, did not immediately respond, either.
ABC News could not immediately find an attorney for Jones.
Deputy District Attorney Craig Kleffman is prosecuting the case.
The case remains under investigation by the Los Angeles Police Department, Robbery-Homicide Division.
SJSC RIGA International Airport
(VAS ,,Starptautiskā lidosta ,,Rīga'''')
Reg.No 40003028055, address - Lidosta “Rīga” 10/1, Mārupes novads, LV-1053
hereby announces an open tender procedure “Construction Inspection Services” (Identification No RIX 2018/48-AK).
The tenders must be submitted before 29 June 2018, 11.00 (local time), in the Electronic Procurement System e-tender subsystem. If the Applicant wishes to participate in the proposal opening meeting, the Applicant's representative shall present a personal identification document - an identification card (eID) or a passport.
Contact person : Diāna Dunda, Senior Legal Officer of the Procurement Unit
STONY BROOK, N.Y. (AP) -- Jason Dunne scored 20 points, J.R. Lynch 19, including five of six free throws in the final minute and Hartford held off a surging Stony Brook 73-64 Saturday night, winning a third straight.
Hartford (14-10, 7-3 America East Conference) led by as many as 14 midway through the second half before Stony Brook whittled the lead to 62-58 with 2:39 remaining. The Hawks never let Stony Brook get closer, immediately extending the lead back to seven points when Lynch hit a 3-pointer.
John Carroll added 12 points and 11 rebounds for Hartford, which never trailed though Stony Brook fought into four ties. The Hawks are tied for second place in the AEC.
Akwasi Yeboah led the Seawolves (8-16, 3-7) with 23 points, UC Iroegbu added 12 and Elijah Olaniyi 10 points and 10 rebounds for their first double-double. Stony Brook has dropped five straight, losing by 2, 3, 4, 7 and 9 points.
When a young African-American woman headed out solo along the Appalachian Trail, they learned a lot about the politics of race in the great outdoors.
Every year, the Appalachian Trail calls a new crop of hikers, drawn to its grand sweep – 2,000 miles from Georgia to Maine. If that's you this year, you know it's go time if you want to finish before winter. Rahawa Haile heard the call and followed it all the way, end to end. And they did it alone as a young African-American woman. That is unusual. People of color are under-represented in America's great outdoors. Rahawa Haile's got stories. This hour On Point, hiking while black on the Appalachian Trail. — Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Rahawa Haile, essayist and short story writer. They through-hiked the Appalachian Trail in 2016. (@RahawaHaile)
Carolyn Finney, professor of geography at the University of Kentucky. Author of “Black Faces, White Spaces: Reimagining the Relationship of African Americans To The Great Outdoors.” (@cfinney4)
From Tom's Reading List
Outside: Going It Alone — “It will be several months before I realize that most AT hikers in 2016 are unaware of the clear division that exists between what hikers of color experience on the trail (generally positive) and in town (not so much). While fellow through-hikers and trail angels are some of the kindest and most generous people I'll ever encounter, many trail towns have no idea what to make of people who look like me. They say they don't see much of ‘my kind' around here and leave the rest hanging in the air.”
Atlas Obscura: Exit Interview: I Was a Black, Female Thru-Hiker on the Appalachian Trail — “Last year, Rahawa Haile, a writer now based in Oakland, California, became one of the very few black women to attempt to hike the entire trail. (She was able to find exactly one other attempting the feat in 2016.) In March, they began in Georgia, the more popular end of the trail to start on, and by the middle of October had hiked its entire length. They carried along with her, too, a series of books by black authors, which they left in trail shelters along the way.”
BuzzFeed: How Black Books Lit My Way Along The Appalachian Trail — “Everyone had something out here. The love I carried was books. Exceptional books. Books by black authors, their photos often the only black faces I would talk to for weeks. These were writers who had endured more than I'd ever been asked to, whose strength gave me strength in turn. I wanted to show them beauty from heights that a history of terror had made clear were never intended to be theirs. I sought out these titles wherever I could.”
See Photos From Rahawa Haile's Appalachian Trail Journey
Now Playing: Willie Nelson cuts show short, cites Utah's high altitude
Now Playing: 'Bachelor in Paradise' preview: Alexis Waters makes a huge splash
Now Playing: Cat celebrities and fans attend Cat-Con in Pasadena
Now Playing: NFL star Ezekiel Elliott sits out preseason game
Now Playing: Ron Howard shares behind-the-scenes 'Star Wars' secrets
Now Playing: Key witness testifies in Taylor Swift groping trial
Now Playing: NFL suspends Cowboy Ezekiel Elliott for 6 games
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Mother Can't Afford To Give Them Son A Promised Toy Reward
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Waitress pays more attention to phone than diners
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Child disrupts nail salon patrons
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Friends push girl to drink to excess
Now Playing: What Would You Do: Man pushes pregnant wife to lose weight
Now Playing: Switchfoot bandmates open up about support from their fans
Now Playing: Switchfoot bandmates on the inspiration behind their music
Now Playing: Switchfoot talks the latest album and life on tour
Now Playing: 'Ingrid Goes West' star Elizabeth Olsen sings 'I Love You Always Forever'
Now Playing: Elizabeth Olsen on playing Scarlet Witch, social media and their sisters' support
Now Playing: Bleachers performs 'Everybody Lost Somebody' live
Now Playing: Tim Tebow homers after meeting boy with autism
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey's state-run news agency says a court has sentenced three people to life prison terms for their involvement in an Islamic State group suicide bombing in 2016 at Istanbul's historic Sultanahmet district that killed 12 German tourists.
Anadolu Agency says the court in Istanbul delivered its verdict on Wednesday.
Turkish authorities said the suicide bomber, a Syrian identified as Nabil Fadli, was affiliated with IS. They set off the bomb near a group of German tourists steps away from the landmark Blue Mosque.
The attack, which was one of several to rock Turkey since 2015, also wounded 15 people, including nine Germans and citizens of Norway, Peru and South Korea.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
On Saturday, a woman was caught smoking in the bathroom aboard a Southwest Airlines flight from Portland, Oregon to Sacramento, California. When the flight crew confronted Valerie Curbelo about their actions, they went into a rage and threatened to “kill everybody” on board. Portland's CBS affiliate, KOIN, and other outlets learned of the incident from a press release distributed by the airline, which described it as an “inflight disturbance” that was swiftly taken care of by its staff. The 24-year-old woman, the release added, was then handed over to the authorities and arrested after the plane touched down at its destination.
According to additional reporting performed by KOIN and its sister station in Sacramento, however, a much darker picture of Curbelo's outburst became apparent. This was especially aided by a short video obtained by another passenger, in which Curbelo is seen and heard screaming at Southwest Airlines personnel for kicking them out of the airplane lavatory. “I will kill everybody on this f*cking plane,” they repeatedly shout at a flight attendent. CBS Sacramento spoke with them about the incident following their arrest, at which point Curbelo blamed them “anxiety”:
“The anxiety, yeah the anxiety,” Curbelo said without elaborating. They did not explain why they threatened to kill everyone. “I don't know,” they said. “It was not me. It was not me.”
Other passengers who spoke with KOIN and CBS Sacramento about the incident claimed the flight crew had to physically subdue Curbelo following their outburst and keep them in place until the plane landed. Southwest's official statement, however, did not comment on or confirm these details.
(Via KOIN and CBS News)
WASHINGTON (AP) — GOP aide: No lawmakers injured in accident involving train carrying members of Congress to Republican meeting .
By now, the story is legend: When Samuel L. Jackson was cast as Mace Windu in Star Wars: Attack of the Clones, they had only one request: a purple lightsaber. Their logic to George Lucas was sound. In a battle involving dozens of Jedi, Jackson wanted to be able to find themselves easily. So, the purple hue was added to the Star Wars universe. After that, it was up to the Lucas and the story group to figure out why.
The reason they settled on was as badass as Mace Windu himself: The Jedi Master flirted with the dark side without succumbing to its seductive ways. In the reference book Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need To Know, it's revealed that Windu uses Form VII of lightsaber combat. Also known as Juyo or Vaapad, the form of combat is favored by dark side users for its unpredictable and aggressive nature. Using this knowledge as a jumping off point, fan theories have sprung up over the years that perhaps purple is the color of a lightsaber belonging to a Jedi that has come close to joining the Sith or has moved towards a more neutral stance balanced between the light and the dark.
Regardless of the meaning behind Windu's amethyst blade, the Jedi Master was one of the most powerful in the galaxy. Perhaps second only to Yoda himself. So what's a fall from a Coruscant skyscraper to a man with that kind of cosmic power? Jackson thinks their character survived. Speaking via pre-recorded message at the Star Wars 40th Anniversary panel in Orlando, Jackson strongly suggested the time for Mace Windu to return is now.
I know you [the fans] are all in my corner on this. We know Jedi can fall from incredible heights and survive. So apparently, I am not dead. We know the long and rich history of Star Wars characters reappearing with new appendages and being stronger and better than they ever were. Mace Windu is awaiting their return. All you [Kathleen Kennedy] have to do, is said the word.
If Samuel L. Jackson says they want to be in the new Star Wars films, they should get want they want. The galaxy needs him. Rey and Finn need him. Kylo Ren needs him… to smack the smug right off their emo face. Do it, Lucasfilm.
Kinja Roundup · Kinja!
Jalopnik Here's How The Dodge Demon Can Do A Nine-Second Quarter Mile | Kotaku The 17 Moments That Defined The Fast And The…
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — The Latest on the Alabama Senate race (all times local):
7:30 p.m.
Former professional basketball star Charles Barkley says Alabama voters must send Democrat Doug Jones to the Senate to assure the rest of the nation "we're not a bunch of damn idiots."
An Alabama native, Barkley says Republican Roy Moore would continue to embarrass a state that has a history of politicians garnering negative attention.
Barkley is speaking at Jones' final campaign rally before polls open Tuesday morning.
They took aim at Moore's top celebrity campaigner, Steve Bannon. President Donald Trump's former adviser was also in Alabama on Monday.
Barkley called Bannon a "white separatist nationalist" and said they and Moore are courting voters who hold Alabama back.
Barkley is from outside Birmingham. They have commented over the years on Alabama politics, periodically entertaining the idea of running for governor.
___
7:15 p.m.
Former White House strategist Steve Bannon says Alabama's special election for a U.S. Senate seat is an "up-or-down vote between the Trump miracle and the nullification project."
Bannon is speaking at a campaign rally for Republican candidate Roy Moore on the night before the election.
They say, "This is greater than Judge Moore and even greater than the people of Alabama."
The decor at the "Drain the Swamp" rally in rural southeast Alabama features a plastic alligator and plants. Other conservative icons on the agenda included Rep. Louie Gohmert of Texas and former sheriff David Clarke of Wisconsin.
Bannon's former boss, President Donald Trump, said in a robocall Monday to Alabama voters that they badly need Moore's vote in the Senate.
__
2:10 p.m.
Republican Roy Moore is casting themselves as a victim in the Alabama U.S. Senate race.
In a call to a conservative talk radio show in Montgomery on Monday, Moore took aim at a political group called Highway 31, which has run ads hammering Moore over alleged sexual misconduct involving teen girls. The group hasn't disclosed its donors as it supports Democrat Doug Jones.
Moore says the ads have been "ugly." They lament the tone of the campaign and says he's been the recipient of vicious, unfounded attacks.
Still, Moore is expressing confidence in Tuesday's outcome.
They also claimed a potential surprising variable: support within the black community that leans overwhelmingly Democratic in Alabama.
___
1:25 p.m.
A House Democrat wants to know what preventative steps are being taken to protect teenage pages if Alabama elects Roy Moore.
Wisconsin Rep. Gwen Moore wrote to Senate Sergeant at Arms Frank Larkin saying they were urgently concerned that young men and women working as pages would need protection if Moore wins on Tuesday.
Moore faces several allegations of sexual misconduct, including the accusation that they molested a 14-year-old girl decades ago when they were in their 30s. They have denied the accusations.
Senate pages must be high school juniors, at least 16 years old, and attend school. Their duties include delivering legislation and correspondence at the Capitol. They attend classes in the morning.
Moore wrote that Congress has an obligation to keep the pages safe.
___
10:15 a.m.
Democratic candidate Doug Jones says Republican Roy Moore is hiding in the closing days of Alabama's U.S. Senate campaign.
Jones stopped by a breakfast spot in Birmingham early Monday to greet voters. So many media members were present that only a few other people could get inside.
Jones chided Republican Roy Moore for being out of sight ahead of Tuesday's election. They say Moore was out of state over the weekend.
Moore was in Montgomery on Sunday afternoon, but their campaign hasn't responded to questions about their whereabouts over the rest of the weekend.
___
9:19 a.m.
Former President Barack Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden have recorded calls urging turnout in Alabama's heated race for U.S. Senate.
A person familiar with the campaign said Monday that Obama had recorded a message in support of Democrat Doug Jones. Jones is attempting to become the first Alabama Democrat elected to the U.S. Senate in 25 years.  They are locked in a heated battle with Republican Roy Moore.
Biden held a rally for Jones in Birmingham, Ala. earlier this year and has also recorded a call for Jones.
The Jones camp is sending out dozens of types of calls on the eve of the election to urge turnout. They include a news clip in which Republican Sen. Richard Shelby said that Alabama deserves better than Moore.
President Donald Trump has recorded a call urging people to vote for Moore.
___
8:45 a.m.
An official has quit the Republican National Committee over the GOP's support of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faces accusations of sexual assault and harassment.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, emailed the 168-member governing body Monday to inform them that they had tendered their resignation. They write: "I strongly disagree with the recent RNC financial support directed to the Alabama Republican Party for use in the Roy Moore race."
Simmons adds that they wish they could have continued their service "to the national Republican Party that I used to know well.'
The RNC had pulled support from Moore after the allegations surfaced against them last month. But the organization re-entered the race once President Donald Trump endorsed Moore, citing the need for a Republican in the seat.
___
3:35 a.m.
Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones are making their final pushes ahead of Tuesday's special Senate election in Alabama.
Jones and Democrats are framing the election as a way for Alabama to reject its history of politicians with baggage that hampers the state.
Republicans say it is about keeping a conservative hold on Alabama and not giving Democrats any opportunity to derail President Donald Trump's agenda before the 2018 midterms.
In truth, the matchup is a mix of Alabama's history and the partisan divides plaguing Washington.
Jones says it would be disastrous to elect Moore after the former judge was accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Moore denies the charges.
Moore and other Republicans say Jones would be a puppet of liberal Democratic leaders out of step with Alabama.
New York (CBSNewYork) CBSNewYork.com and 1010 WINS have teamed up with Animal Care Centers of New York City to let you know about some of the adoptable animals looking for loving homes in the city's shelters, and, where ACC's mobile adoption units are headed with even more great pets.
This week, we're featuring Ariel, Miles & Storm:
Ariel (8006) Ariel is a social butterfly, soliciting attention and giving kisses! Smart and obedient, Ariel knows commands such as “sit,” “paw,” and “lay down.” They like to play with toys and can keep themselves occupied. Meet Ariel at ACC's Staten Island Care Center, 3139 Veterans Road West.
Animal Care Centers of NYC (ACC), a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, is the only open-admissions animal shelter in New York City and takes in approximately 30,000 animals every year. ACC's three Care Centers in Manhattan (326 East 110th Street), Brooklyn (2336 Linden Boulevard), and Staten Island (3139 Veterans Road West) are open for adoptions 12pm-8pm Monday thru Friday, and 10am-6pm Saturdays and Sundays.
Miles (7964) “Miles is a friendly gentleman,” notes an ACC volunteer, “who is curious and playful. He's always interested in the goings-on of the adoption room, and eager to meet new people who walk in. Miles is believed to be a year old, yet is still kittenish in many ways, including their love of playing with toys. Miles was a little hesitant when they first arrived at the shelter, but he's truly blossomed into a confident, affectionate cat.” Meet this cutie at ACC's Brooklyn Care Center, 2336 Linden Boulevard.
Storm (7750) Not every rabbit is cool with all the busyness and activity of a mobile adoption event, but this sociable guy has been to several. According to their previous guardian, Storm likes to play with toys and also had a penchant for rearranging their enclosure and digs. Meet this adorable, super-soft bunny at ACC's Manhattan Care Center, 326 E. 110th Street.
If you're interested in one of the animals featured here, email ACC's Adoption team at adopt@nycacc.org with the animal's name and “A#”, or head directly to the Care Center where the animal is located. Please note, animals featured here may already be placed by the time you arrive, but there are hundreds of great cats, dogs, and rabbits looking for loving homes every day! You can view available animals online, and at the Care Centers, ACC Adoption Counselors will help you find the best match.
You can also meet your new best friend at ACC's Mobile Adoption Center, which travels throughout the city. (Note: dates and locations are subject to change. Information will be updated as quickly as possible. Also check http://nycacc.org/Events.htm)
To adopt an animal, you must have a valid photo ID, be 18 years of age or older, and bring proof of current address. ACC adoptions include vaccinations, spay/neuter, a pre-registered microchip, an identification tag, a collar, and a certificate for a free initial exam at a participating veterinarian.
For more information, visit http://www.nycacc.org/Adopt.htm.
Check out the Top 5 plays of the deciding game 7 of the Western Conference Finals.
It's Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Here are some of the stories we're talking about on ABC News' new daily podcast, "Start Here."
Washington was star-struck yesterday as French President Emmanuel Macron and the first lady of France, Brigitte Macron, took a stroll around the monuments of D.C.
They arrived at the White House for their second visit, but for the first time since taking office, President Donald Trump will treat their guests to a full state dinner. And then later this week, he'll receive arguably the most powerful person in Europe, German Prime Minister Angela Merkel.
But for all the pomp and circumstance, both leaders are bringing deadly serious agendas. ABC News chief foreign correspondent Terry Moran says they will both attempt to convince Trump to stay in the Iran nuclear deal.
Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images
2. Carnage in Canada
In Canada yesterday, Toronto was playing host to the G7 Leaders Summit. Secretaries of state, foreign ministers and huge security details all gathered as some of the world's top diplomats got together.
But then, a van barreled down a busy sidewalk for nearly a mile and a half -- mowing down dozens of pedestrians. The police have named the suspect, but they haven't said much about their motive or the circumstances surrounding their apparent rampage.
ABC's Tom Llamas in Toronto says a police officer remained calm to take down the suspect alive.
Warren Toda/EPA/REX/Shutterstock
3. Spotlight on Arizona's 8th
There have been two big trends in Congress over the last year: lawmakers resigning after making inappropriate comments to women and special elections occurring in districts that voted overwhelmingly for Trump in 2016.
Both of these trends have collided in Arizona. Former Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., resigned in December after talking to their female staffers about carrying a child for them and their wife. And with Franks gone, two candidates are fighting it out for their seat amid high tensions in both parties.
Who will win tonight and what does it all mean for the midterms? ABC News political director Rick Klein predicts what will happen in Arizona's 8th Congressional District.
Anita Snow/AP
4. Confirmation controversy
One of Trump's cabinet nominees may have seen their confirmation prospects mortally wounded.
Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, the military doctor who serves as the president's personal physician, had been nominated to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs. And a lot of people were wondering if they can run a government department.
Now, ABC's Meridith McGraw says new allegations about their professional conduct raised by ABC News sources on Capitol Hill and at the White House could ultimately derail their confirmation hearing.
5. Shift in succession
You've seen the pictures: William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, in the doorway of St. Mary's Hospital in London, presenting their new baby boy to the cameras yesterday.
Even though they might not know it yet, this moment was a big one for royal sibling Charlotte, too. That's because for the very first time in the history of the monarchy, she's not being passed over by their younger brother.
ABC's James Longman says a new law from Parliament about the line of succession to the throne has flipped the script on hundreds of years of tradition.
Hannah Mckay/Reuters
"Start Here" is a daily ABC News podcast hosted by Brad Mielke featuring original reporting on stories that are driving the national conversation. Listen for free at Apple Podcasts -- also available on TuneIn, Spotify, Stitcher, Google Play Music, iHeartRadio and the ABC News app.
Follow @StartHereABC on social for exclusive content, show updates and more: Twitter, Facebook, Instagram.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PARKLAND, Fla. (AP) — Authorities: Brother of teen charged in Florida school shooting has been arrested for trespassing at the same school.
It's a series of gatherings for those who treasure the spoken and written word. Sherry Kafka Wagner created the gatherings, and they grew out of their love for literature. Because of that, they spent a lifetime buying and reading books. Recently, they gave them all away.
"Those books have found a home in the Hotel Emma at the Pearl," they say of the quirky lending library near the hotel's lobby.
Kafka Wagner grew up in Arkansas, where front porch storytelling and music made the pre-air conditioned summer nights not just tolerable, but fascinating.
"We would all gather on my great grandparent's front porch and listen to stories and drink ice tea," Kafka Wagner says.
They say that those front porch storytelling nights were great equalizers.
"You were sitting out there and anybody who happened to wander by would just come up and sit on the porch with you," they say. "Very often a story would be told that would start out with 'well I saw ol' John So-and-so yesterday and they told me this good story.'"
In the spirit of that tradition, they will read an excerpt from chosen authors in the Hotel Emma's library.
"We will hear a story each week from a different southern woman writer of the 20th century," Kafka Wagner says. "What better story than having Katherine Ann Porter, Eudora Welty, Carson McCullough and Flannery O'Conner tell those stories."
The next four Tuesdays, Kafka Wagner will read excerpts from those authors along with a discussion and hopes that soon, the local storytelling will begin.
"It will start at 6:30 p.m. and go to 8 o'clock," they say. "Admission is $15 which covers cocktails and snacks. There's something very social about sharing a story, and thinking about the person who wrote the story."
And in so doing, the solitary exercise of reading becomes a shared one.
"I used to say that in my family it didn't matter so much if you were smart or successful, but it mattered a lot if you were funny or musical."
For Kafka Wagner, that family tradition lives on.
On Friday August 18th the Community Center of Abingdon is teaming up with the V-F-W and the American Legion to host a fun day of golf in Elizabethton to help raise awareness about the meals on wheels program that serves local veterans. Nathalie Graham and Shirley Bower are here with a preview.
Advertisement
Actor Johnny Depp sure knows how to play to the crowd.
Depp, in Vancouver to film their new movie Richard Says Goodbye , said hello to numerous kids at B.C. Children's Hospital on Monday dressed up as Captain Jack Sparrow, the character they play in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.
They were reportedly there for a number of hours, going from room to room in their pirate paraphernalia and brightening the day for the pint-sized patients.
"He was never Johnny Depp, they were always Jack Sparrow," a hospital employee told Global BC.
#JohnnyDepp at the British Columbia Children's Hospital in Vancouver. 🌟️ (via IG katgootmusic) pic.twitter.com/5fqkUj7STq — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
Some pictures of this beautiful man making kids happy 💖🙏 pic.twitter.com/Vf8RaENYsg — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
#JohnnyDepp is the sweetest person in the world 💙 I'm really proud of them 🙏🌟 pic.twitter.com/2acOfYxyet — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
And this isn't the only time of late that Depp dropped into a local institution and greeted their fans. They were at Vancouver's Blackbird Public House on July 25, where their latest project was being filmed, and mingled with several excited Vancouverites.
mraptis@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mike_raptis
When the sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi held a rally in downtown Cairo recently, all of 30 people showed up. And that wasn't even the biggest sign of the hollowness of their campaign.
Even more telling was one of the chants by the supporters of Moussa Mustafa Moussa, a virtually unknown politician who surfaced just so el-Sissi wouldn't run alone. It was hardly a resolute victory cry.
"Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!" they shouted.
There is no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signaled Egypt's break with the little pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
The election was preceded by a purge of would-be opposing candidates, unprecedented even under Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. Authorities also clamped down on the media, even egging the public to report anyone they feel is depicting Egypt in a bad light.
The question raised by many observers is why such extreme measures were taken to ensure a vote el-Sissi would probably win anyway.
El-Sissi seems convinced a genuinely contested election could destabilize the country, allow Islamists a back door into politics or interfere with their drive to revive the battered economy.
El-Sissi was first elected in a 2014 landslide after, as army chief, they led the military's ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. They kept much of that popularity while ferociously cracking down on Islamists and secular dissenters.
They have insisted stability must take priority over freedoms as they carried out large-scale infrastructure projects and painful austerity reforms. With those reforms, el-Sissi has succeeded in bringing some life back to the economy, though at the cost of inflation. El-Sissi has also made a name for themselves on the international stage as a champion against Islamic militancy.
After the election, el-Sissi and their supporters will very likely attempt to get rid of the constitution's two term limit on the presidency, said Paul Salem, a senior Middle East expert from the Washington-based Middle East Institute.
"It might be the view of el-Sissi and their administration that this is needed for stability for economic and security reasons," Salem told The Associated Press. "My own personal view is that this buys stability for the short term but makes any transfer of power which has to happen sooner or later much more difficult."
El-Sissi hasn't bothered to campaign in person. Instead, the streets of Cairo and other cities have been swamped in a tidal wave of billboards, banners and posters with their image declaring: "He is the hope."
A decent turnout is the one thing left to give the election a measure of respectability. El-Sissi's supporters have organized rallies urging the public to vote. Pro-government media proclaim that voting is a religious duty and failing to do so is "high treason." Moussa's supporters chanted at their rally that would-be boycotters are traitors and cowards.
Imad Hussein, the pro-el-Sissi editor of Al-Shorouk newspaper, criticized the handling of the election, not because the field was engineered but because it wasn't done smoothly.
"We, of course, hoped to have a genuinely contested election," they wrote last month. "But since we don't have that, the government was supposed to at least prepare the stage to make it look democratic."
The methodical elimination of opponents suggested el-Sissi felt a vulnerability, particularly to a candidate rooted in the military who could exploit possible cracks in their popularity, whether over pain from economic reforms, resentment over crackdowns or frustration over continued militant violence.
Several candidates dropped out citing intimidation and harassment. But the harshest treatment was dealt out to two former generals: former military chief of staff Maj. Gen. Sami Annan and former air force general Ahmed Shafiq, who came a close second in the 2012 presidential election.
The 70-year-old Annan was arrested three days after they announced their candidacy in January and is still in a military prison. One of their top aides, Hisham Genena, was beat up by thugs and later arrested as well.
Even before their arrest, Annan was under surveillance for months and was directly advised to not run, said senior security officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media.
"He was fully aware of the consequences ... The warnings were crystal clear," one official said.
Shafiq was living in the United Arab Emirates when, in November, they announced plans to run. The Emiratis promptly deported them to Egypt, where they were immediately detained in a hotel. For days, security officials berated them to drop out of the race as pro-government media launched a campaign to discredit him, warning of corruption cases and exposure of alleged sexual indiscretions.
Shafiq buckled, announcing their withdrawal on Jan. 7. They remained effectively under house arrest, the officials said.
Annan and Shafiq would have offered an alternative for voters seeking change but wary of parting company with the military.
But more worrisome, their candidacies fueled speculation about possible fissures within the military, which prides itself on iron-clad unity and secrecy.
It is not known whether their bids to run against el-Sissi had any support among senior officers. But other developments have raised question marks, such as unexplained dismissals in past months of the military's chief of staff and the head of the General Intelligence Directorate, Egypt's version of the CIA, who also hails from the military. Government-controlled media have briefly mentioned conflicts among security and intelligence agencies, and there have been unconfirmed reports of top generals being sidelined.
"The regime is super sensitive," said Michael W. Hanna, an Egypt expert from New York's Century Foundation, "but it may also be facing internal tensions and rivalries that are seeping out into the public domain."
05:16 Reported News Briefs Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Liberman to Arab MKs: You're all war criminals Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman on Monday blasted Arab MKs as "war criminals". Their comments came during a Knesset debate on a motion of no confidence in the government filed by the Joint List party. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
An unidentified man walked up to three victims at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Wisconsin and fatally shot them, local law enforcement said Sunday night.
The shooter has not yet been arrested. The background to the shooting is, as yet, unclear.
LAKE CONROE, Texas, April 15, 2017 – When Jordan Lee, the winner of the 2017 GEICO Bassmaster Classic presented by Dick's Sporting Goods needed a hand, TowBoatUS was there. On Sunday, Lee was crowned the winner of “the world championship of fishing,” but not before they had to ask the 24-hour on water assistance service, TowBoatUS Lake Conroe, for help in getting their disabled boat to the final weigh-in on time.
As the morning of the third and final day of the tournament unfolded, a glitch in Lee's outboard made it impossible for them to get their boat on plane. Whether they had struck an underwater object or some other mishap was to blame, they suddenly are unable to chase fish across the 21,000-acre lake. Luckily, they were near the honey hole they were trying to reach. They fished it hard, bringing in an incredible 27-pound, 4-ounce, five-fish limit for the day, or nearly half of their winning three-day total of 56 pounds, 10 ounces.
However, with a dead boat in the water, getting to the final weigh-in was going to require a “Plan B.” After consulting with tournament officials, Lee, who is a BoatUS member with an annual TowBoatUS Unlimited Freshwater Towing Plan, was able to hop on a spectator boat while TowBoatUS Lake Conroe retrieved their boat. After a short tow to the launch ramp, Lee's rig was quickly loaded on a trailer and brought to weigh-in, just in time for the 25-year old angler to claim their title – their first professional tournament win with B.A.S.S.
The bass fishing phenom, who worked their way up from the Carhartt Bassmaster College Series tour to world champion in less than four years, collected $300,000 for their win. The GEICO Bassmaster Classic paid out more than $1 million to the 52 competitors in the event, which drew a total attendance of more than 115,000 to the various venues in Houston and on Lake Conroe.
Weigh-ins were held in Minute Maid Park, home of the Houston Astros, each day of competition, March 24-26. Lee set new Classic records for the greatest comebacks, rising from 37th the first day to 15th on Day 2 and then to first.
“For Jordan Lee and the 70,000 other boaters who call us for assistance each year, this is how we make their boating better everyday,” said BoatUS Vice President of Towing Services Adam Wheeler.
Much like a reliable auto club for boaters, BoatUS offers TowBoatUS on-water Unlimited Towing Membership Plans for freshwater boaters and anglers for just $72 a year, which includes BoatUS membership. For saltwater boaters the price is $149. On-water tows, soft ungroundings, battery jumpstarts and fuel drop offs are included and there are no deductibles. The plans are good for any boat that is owned, rented or borrowed, and the TowBoatUS fleet is the largest in the nation with 605 red response vessels. Go to BoatUS.com/towing for more.
About TowBoatUS:
Boat Owners Association of The United States (BoatUS) is the nation's leading advocate, services and safety group for recreational boaters. We provide our more than half-million members with a wide array of helpful services, including 24-hour on-water towing that gets you safely home when your boat won't, will bring you fuel if you run out, jumpstart your dead battery, or provide a gentle pull after you've run aground. The TowBoatUS towing fleet is North America's largest network of towing ports with more than 300 locations and over 600 towing assistance vessels, responding to over 70,000 requests for assistance each year. The new BoatUS Mobile App makes it easy to summon on-water and on-road assistance 24/7, and can speed response times (BoatUS.com/app). For more information go to BoatUS.com/towing.
BELLEVUE, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Neal Analytics, a leading provider of Modern Data and Intelligence solutions, today announced the appointment of veteran technology executive John Frankovich to the newly created role of Chief Customer Officer as the company looks to scale operations and expand customer success programs during this time of high growth.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006121/en/
John Frankovich, Neal Analytics' Chief Customer Officer. (Photo: Business Wire)
Frankovich has built a reputation as an industry thought leader and has built and led numerous national and international businesses and subsidiaries. John comes to Neal Analytics after spending more than 5 years as Global Vice President at Comcast NBCU where they led their global Digital Streaming Video consulting business. Previously they served as CEO of multiple advanced technology companies including Vortex Consulting Partners and the Ramp Technology Group. Before that, they were a Senior Vice President at the big 6 management consulting firm Capgemini. Frankovich holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and a Master's of Science in Software Engineering. They will report directly to Dylan Dias, CEO and Managing Partner of Neal Analytics.
"The essence of Neal Analytics success is simple: We have an unwavering commitment to delivering outstanding Analytics results for our clients by leveraging our industry-leading skills in Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, and Cloud Technologies," said Dylan Dias. "We are delighted to have John join the team. Their deep business experience and proven effectiveness in driving client-centered operations re-enforces our ability to scale the business while providing game-changing results to our clients."
Frankovich added, "Neal Analytics' ability to seamlessly combine their award-winning Deep Analytics Products and Services with their world class team of Data Scientists, Business Experts, and Technology leaders sets them apart in the market.” John continued “Business leaders today are seeking truly robust, integrated and value-based partners. I'm very excited to join this highly regarded team and leverage my experience to help us seize current opportunities and continue to build Neal's loyal client base."
As CCO and member of the Executive Leadership Team, Frankovich will be responsible for leading the day-to-day management of the firm's domestic and international Professional Services Division, Customer onboarding & training, Customer Success, and the Customer Engagement Lifecycle. Their overall goal is to help all customers get the highest possible value from their solutions and products.
About Neal Analytics
Established in 2011, Neal Analytics is a global Digital Solutions Provider that specializes in fulfilling the “promise of Digital” by transforming corporate data into valuable assets and a competitive advantage. Neal has unique reach among Fortune-50 clients and the ability to make a difference when solving the toughest business problems. With pragmatic approaches to technologies ranging from Data warehousing, Dashboards, Big Data, Cloud, IoT, Advanced Analytics, Deep Learning, AI, and beyond, Neal Analytics has the skills and experience to deliver game-changing results.
Neal Analytics is the proud recipient of Microsoft's Global Partner of the Year for Business Analytics (2017).
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006121/en/
CONTACT: Neal Analytics
Kevin Wang, Marketing Manager
(206) 286-9200
KevinW@nealanalytics.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT NETWORKS OTHER TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CONSULTING
SOURCE: Neal Analytics
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 12:53 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 12:53 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006121/en
Sometimes you don't know you need a feature until you discover it and put it to use for a bit. Then you wonder how you ever got your work done without it! That's how you might feel about Windows Tags. Yes, it's a Windows feature, but you can use Tags to manage Office files—and other file types as well. Whether you work alone or share files via a server or even OneDrive for Business, you can benefit from Tags. In this article, I'll show you how to add Tags to Office and non-Office files and how to search using those Tags.
I'm working with Office 2016 (desktop) on a Windows 10 64-bit system. The Windows Tags property is available in older versions, back to Windows Vista. In Office, they've been available since at least Office 2007 (but maybe longer). There's no downloadable demonstration file. You won't need one.
What are Tags?
Don't confuse Office Smart Tags and Windows Tags; they aren't the same thing. Windows Tags are keywords used for organizing (searching) files. How you use them will depend on your needs, but anytime you're working with bulk files or sharing files for the same purpose, Tags can help. Don't limit their use to simply describing the file's contents, either. You can use Tags to describe how you use the file. For instance, you might use terms such as complete and not complete to describe status. Or you might use the term upload to group files you need to upload to an external service such as OneDrive.
Add a tag to an Office file
Tags are a Windows file property, but you can add them when saving an Office file. During the save process, you'll see an Options link. It's quite possible that you've never explored this link before. Let's take a look:
With any Office file open, click the File tab and choose Save As in the left pane. Below the Filename and Location controls, click the More Options link (Figure A). In the bottom-right corner of the resulting dialog, look for the Tags control (Figure B). Click the Add A Tag Link and supply a keyword (Figure C). To add more than one, separate the keywords with a semicolon. Once you add a Tags keyword, Office will display it in an AutoComplete list when you tag subsequent files, making it easier to use Tags consistently. Click Save and continue as you normally would.
Figure A
Click the More Options link.
Figure B
Click the Tags control and start entering keywords.
Figure C
Separate keywords with a semicolon.
You can add Tags to all your Office files this way. Although I showed you only one, you might have several files that warrant a plant sale or 2018 keyword. Following our example, you have a plant list in Excel, but you might also have a vendor contract in Word and several graphic files you're using in different publicity venues.
Searching
Now let's use File Explorer to find all your plant sale files. You could run a quick search on your local drive using any number of search strings: plant list, contract, and so on. If you use this route, you know that a search can take a while and it often turns up a lot of files you're not looking for. As you can see in Figure D, what you might expect to be a simple search for your Word contract is anything but. A similar search on 2018 could return similar or even worse results.
Figure D
A search on contract returns a lot of files.
Okay, I confess: The above search is unnecessarily complicated—I did that on purpose. If you see a lot of files you can't identify, check the Advanced Options dropdown and make sure System Files is unchecked (unless you're looking for system files). Doing so will improve most search tasks, with or without Tags.
However, thanks to Tags, you don't have to second guess, remember every related file you've generated or updated, or wade through busy search results. Even if the search includes system files (as above), you won't see a lot of unexpected files. You'll see only the files you've tagged accordingly.
To pinpoint just the files you want to see related to your plant sale, open File Explorer and click This PC (or a folder, a server drive, or OneDrive). Enter a search string in the following form:
Tags: search string
As you can see in Figure E, the search on Tags: plant sale matches only two files: the plant list in Excel and the vendor contract in Word. If you know where the files are, you can run a quicker search by selecting that folder before executing the search. If you're like me, some folders contain a lot of files and a Tags search is often easier and quicker than a normal alphabetical list.
Figure E
Using the plant sale Tags keyword reduces the number of files returned.
Not all formats are equal
Not all software allows you to add Tags when saving a file, but that's not a problem. You can use File Explorer to add Tags:
Open File Explorer and select the file you want to tag. On the View tab, click Details in the Panes group to open the Details pane. Enter the appropriate Tags (Figure F). Click Save.
Figure F
Enter your Tags.
Now when you run the same search, Tags: plant sale, File Explorer returns the first two files and the .jpg, as shown in Figure G.
Figure G
This time, the search found three tagged files.
Using File Explorer, you can sort and group a folder's contents using Tags. Simply click the View tab and choose Tags from the Sort By or Group By dropdown. Or right-click the background and choose Tags from the Sort By or Group By options. In addition, you can filter for Tags. As Figure H shows, you can filter for specific Tags if you're using the Details view. This is great when you know all your files are in the same folder.
Figure H
You can also filter by Tags.
Using File Explorer, you can add Tags to several files at the same time. Hold down the Ctrl key while selecting files to create a multi-file selection. Then, add Tags as you normally would. If you add a file to the selection that doesn't allow tagging, the Tags control won't be accessible for any of the files, so be careful.
Only as good...
Tags, or keywords, are only as good as the people adding them. If you work alone, this is easy. If you're trying to corral files for an organization, it's much harder. Everyone may not be on the same page, so searches will be incomplete at best. That might be one reason they're not more popular. Even using File Explorer, you can't add Tags to every file type. For instance, you can't tag a .txt file.
In addition, you can use any of the properties via the Details pane in the same way. For instance, for Content status, you might enter Incomplete and Complete. To search, you'd use the string Contentstatus: Complete. You can also use wildcards. To see all tagged files, you'd enter Tags: -[]. That means that where Tags aren't null. As you can see, there's a lot to explore!
Get more great Office tips and tricks delivered to your inbox. Sign up for TechRepublic's Microsoft Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Send me your question about Office
I answer readers' questions when I can, but there's no guarantee. Don't send files unless requested; initial requests for help that arrive with attached files will be deleted unread. You can send screenshots of your data to help clarify your question. When contacting me, be as specific as possible. For example, "Please troubleshoot my workbook and fix what's wrong" probably won't get a response, but "Can you tell me why this formula isn't returning the expected results?" might. Please mention the app and version that you're using. I'm not reimbursed by TechRepublic for my time or expertise when helping readers, nor do I ask for a fee from readers I help. You can contact me at susansalesharkins@gmail.com.
Also read...
JUPITER, Fla. (AP) — St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes needs season-ending Tommy John surgery on their right arm.
General manager John Mozeliak confirmed the diagnosis after an MRI. Reyes didn't throw their scheduled bullpen session Tuesday because of a sore elbow.
The 22-year-old Reyes made their major league debut Aug. 9 and was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA in five starts and seven relief appearances. Their fastball averaged more than 97 mph.
Reyes, a candidate for the final spot in the starting rotation, had been feeling soreness in the days leading up to camp. They were also expecting to pitch for the Dominican Republic in the World Baseball Classic.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Winnipeg 31 18 8 5 41 107 87 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 31 14 13 4 32 82 90 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida 2, Detroit 1, OT
Winnipeg 5, Vancouver 1
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
LONDON (AP) — London fire commissioner says the edges of high-rise building in inferno not safe.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Alex Rodriguez thinks the New York Yankees' "breathtaking" offense could break records this season.
Rodriguez arrived at spring training Monday and had high praise for a lineup led by Giancarlo Stanton, Aaron Judge, Gary Sanchez and Didi Gregorius. A-Rod is a team special adviser who has worked with a number of New York's younger players.
"Happy to be back and see so much talent," Rodriguez said Monday night. "It's breathtaking."
The Yankees added Stanton, the NL MVP after hitting 59 homers and driving in 132 last season, in a December trade with Miami. Judge had 52 homers and 114 RBIs in winning the 2017 AL Rookie of the Year Award. Sanchez added 33 homers, and Gregorius went deep 25 times.
"I can't remember a time to see that type of lineup one-through-nine," Rodriguez said.
Rodriguez and Yankees managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner worked out a deal during the offseason to keep the former slugger involved with the team.
"Love to spend the rest of my life as a Yankee," Rodriguez said.
Walkers prepare to start their walk Saturday along the 1.5-mile route followed by Pilot Mountain Police Officers Glenn Branscome and Ralph East. On Feb. 3, 1969, the two officers were killed in a roadside confrontation behind East Surry after stopping the vehicle of a suspected robber. The annual walk honors their memory.
Branscome-East Memorial Walk participants make their way up a hill on U.S. 52 Bypass on their way to the site behind East Surry where the Pilot Mountain police officers were killed in 1969. Full coverage of the walk will be in The Pilot section of Wednesday's Mount Airy News.
Telstra says the government should implement policies that promote the uptake of autonomous vehicle (AV) technologies, warning that compared to Europe and North America, Australia is lagging when it comes to initiatives involving connected and autonomous vehicles (CAV).
Australia “has the opportunity to take a leading role both regionally and globally in CAV enabling technology,” the telco has argued in a submission to a parliamentary inquiry into the social impact of land-based driverless vehicles.
“Policies and incentives are urgently required to facilitate trials, gain community acceptance and to adapt the legal and regulatory framework to support and accelerate the introduction of AVs into Australia.”
Telstra has previously argued that in the future, the government should even consider mandating the use of autonomous vehicles.
The company believes that autonomous vehicles can potentially boost road safety, cut traffic congestion and emissions, increase mobility for people unable to drive due to age or other reasons, and help create new jobs and business models.
The telco said that alleviating public concerns, including over security, safety and privacy, will be a key role for government. “There is a role for Government in educating the public on the benefits of CAVs, and in facilitating pilots so that the public can gain acceptance,” it argued.
Telstra said it backed principles outlined in the Transport and Infrastructure Council's (TIC) National Policy Framework for Land Transport Technology, which was released in August last year.
That document outlined four key roles for Australia's state and federal governments:
• Providing policy leadership, including a nationally coordinated approach across different levels of government; facilitating collaboration between industry and researchers; raising public awareness and acceptance; and managing the transitions between old and new technologies.
• “Enabling”, including by supporting investment in digital infrastructure and/or data streams and offering open access to transport data.
• Creating a supportive regulatory environment, including ensuring that community expectations around safety and privacy are met, removing regulatory barriers and where possible providing certainty about future regulatory requirements.
• And investment in R&D and real-world trials.
The TIC document also included seven principles for government action, including evidence-based investment, avoiding favouring particular technologies or applications, and favouring where possible low-cost approaches to regulation such as collaborative agreements or self-regulation.
“We fully agree with, and support these principles,” Telstra's submission states.
“It is our view that these principles will serve to ensure the best outcomes for the community and for businesses choosing to invest in AVs. It is our view that the policy principles could have benefitted from one additional element; namely fostering collaboration between business/industry, government and the community, which could help to accelerate the introduction of AVs in Australia.”
The telco is a member of the Australian Driverless Vehicle Initiative (ADVI), which has staged on-road trials of self-driving cars. Telstra has backed a truck platooning initiative in Western Australia and participated in connected vehicle trials.
In October, Telstra revealed details its work with Cohda Wireless to conduct a trial of ‘vehicle to infrastructure' (V2I) communications using the telco's 4G network.
“Governments, industry, businesses and the community have the opportunity to catalyse the emergence of new mobility systems and this should be done through cross-sector collaboration (transport, telecommunications, and universities/research sector) and partnership,” Telstra argued.
“The Australian geography and environment lends itself to being the perfect test bed for such technologies, but Australia is currently lagging globally, and policies and incentives are urgently required.”
Toyota in a submission to the inquiry said it backed a national guideline and a single application process for organisations that wish to undertake trials of automated vehicles.
“In addition, Toyota fully supports cross-border cooperation within state and territory road transport agencies primarily because most automotive and technology industries see Australia as a single market for investment and innovation,” the car-maker said.
Toyota also said that legislated definitions around driver, driving, control and proper control should be based on globally harmonised definitions. The UN's World Forum for Harmonization of Vehicle Regulations and the Working Party on Road Traffic Safety are currently discussing key definitions relating to autonomous vehicles.
The full submissions are available from the inquiry's home page.
For a fight that may never take place, the potential blockbuster bout between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor has already attracted thousands of dollars in bets at Las Vegas sportsbooks.
In mid-February, when hype about the fight intensified, the Westgate SuperBook made Mayweather a giant -2,500 favorite, with McGregor paying back 1,100.
Forty of the first 42 bets placed on the fight at the SuperBook were on McGregor, the largest a $1,500 wager at 800. Mayweather is now listed at -900, with McGregor 700.
The SuperBook has already taken more than $10,000 on the fight, which is by no means official. The book stipulates that the fight must be a boxing match and must take place by May 13, 2018, or all bets will be refunded.
"Most fights that are not official don't garner much handle until officially becoming announced," SuperBook assistant manager Jeff Sherman told ESPN in an email. "I'm not surprised by the McGregor support, just that it has come without an official fight announcement."
Promoter Oscar De La Hoya said Wednesday that they doubt the fight will happen.
"Will we see that fight? I strongly feel we won't," De La Hoya told CBS Sports.
However, UFC president Dana White, during an April 9 appearance on "Conan," said they thought the fight would happen.
It's not unusual for the betting public, which prefers to bet a little with a chance to win a lot, to gravitate toward a high-return underdog.
"We haven't taken a bet on the favorite," said longtime Las Vegas oddsmaker Jimmy Vaccaro of the South Point, one the few sportsbooks to have odds up on the fight. "I'm rooting for it to happen. It's an event, and I think it will happen."
Station Casinos opened betting on the fight on Monday, with Mayweather -1,300 and McGregor 800. Limits are currently $10,000.
Jewish groups in Britain said on Tuesday a meeting with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn over their handling of an ongoing anti-Semitism row within their party "was a disappointing missed opportunity", AFP reports.
The Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council (JLC) issued the rebuke after two hours of talks with Corbyn, who has been dogged for weeks by allegations that Labour has a growing anti-Semitism problem under their leadership.
WWE Network
Previously on the Best and Worst of WWF Raw Is War: SummerSlam '97 happened, and now everything's happening in a landslide. Bret Hart is the new WWF Champion thanks to Shawn Michaels, The Undertaker wants to kill Shawn Michaels, and Owen Hart nearly paralyzed Stone Cold Steve Austin. Now we're stepping into what might be the two most important Raws of the year, back-to-back.
If you haven't seen this episode, you can watch it on WWE Network here. Check out all the episodes you may have missed at the Best and Worst of WWF Raw Is War and Best and Worst of WWF Monday Night Raw tag pages. Follow along with the competition here.
Hey, you! If you want us to keep doing retro reports, share them around! And be sure to drop down into our comments section to let us know what you thought of these shows. We're on the road to Ground Zero: In Your House!
And now, the Best and Worst of WWF Raw Is War for August 4, 1997.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – Republican U.S. Rep. Diane Black has named two prominent former politicians from either end of Tennessee as co-chairperson for their gubernatorial bid.
Black says former state Senate Speaker Ron Ramsey and former U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher will hold the leadership positions in their campaign.
Ramsey, an auctioneer from the northeastern corner of the state, retired from the Legislature last year after presiding over vast Republican gains that took the GOP from an afterthought to near complete control.  They are also a former gubernatorial candidate who fell short in the 2010 GOP primary.
Fincher, a farmer from the West Tennessee community of Frog Jump, was part of the 2010 GOP class that won back control of Congress just two years after Barack Obama was elected president. They retired last year.
“I am honored to have the support of conservative leaders who fight back and that's exactly the kind of leaders Stephen Fincher and Ron Ramsey have always been,” said Black in a release. “They put conservative principles to work and never backed down when those principles were challenged. I look forward to working with them to reform our schools, stand strong for tough borders, and lower taxes. We are putting together a strong team from the suburbs to the small towns to the rural counties and we are going to win this race.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law, but the Affordable Care Act survived. Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season, with a crush of customers expected this week.
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday.
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
"It's more likely than ever that they're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that's when everybody is going to show up," said Tim Jost, a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA.
Heavy traffic could slow the website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For the vast majority, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan. One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones "bronze" plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now, insurers say. Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption.
Nonetheless, administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week. That's a contrast from the Obama years.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA, did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Examples:
— "Don't forget: Friday, December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan."
— "FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage."
— "Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage."
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline, but were unable to finish. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
"It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year," Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case in all parts of the country. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right. Otherwise, it reinforces the Democrats' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law.
"Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence," said Antos. "Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week. If they were to tweet at all, I would suggest: 'Be sure to check your plan.'"
GEORGETOWN, Ky. (AP) — The Latest on the train derailment (all times local):
2:30 p.m.
Norfolk Southern says it is moving derailed freight cars off the tracks after two trains collided in Georgetown, Kentucky.
The company said in a statement on Monday that four train crew members taken to the hospital after the crash as a precaution have been released with no injuries, though one employee is still being evaluated.
Officials say the trains collided head-on late Sunday, derailing both locomotives and 13 cars. Lexington Fire Department spokesperson Lt. Jessica Bowman said nearby residents were evacuated as a precaution, but were allowed to return home once officials determined there was no safety risk.
Norfolk Southern said it is working to clear and repair the track and have it back in service Tuesday.
___
3:30 a.m.
Four people were injured after two trains collided and derailed in, Georgetown, Kentucky.
Lexington Fire Department spokesperson Lt. Jessica Bowman told The Associated Press early Monday morning that a call came in at 11:14 p.m. on Sunday to report the accident.
Bowman says the residents near the scene were evacuated "out an abundance of caution" because something spilled after the collision and there was a fire. They said they could not confirm what spilled but once officials determined there was no safety risk they allowed residents to return home. The fire has been extinguished.
Bowman says the identities and the condition of the four injured is not yet known.
Georgetown is 13 miles (21 kilometers) north of Lexington.
___
2:30 a.m.
Residents evacuated after a train derailed in neighborhood have been allowed to return home.
The train derailed in Georgetown late Sunday night, about 15 miles (24 kilometers) north of Lexington.
The superintendent of Scott County Schools, Kevin Hub, told The Associated Press early Monday morning that there is a plan in place to have the district open schools to shelter residents in case of an emergency. They say they were called by Georgetown police and told to put the plan in motion.
WLEX-TV reported that Scott County Emergency Management Captain Robert Duncan said buses were sent to evacuate residents living in trailer parks near the scene to an elementary school.
They said the evacuation was a precaution due to a potentially hazardous material. They could not identify what the material was.
___
2:00 a.m.
Officials in Kentucky say a train has derailed and residents near the scene have been asked to evacuate.
The train derailed in Scott County late Sunday night, about 15 miles (24 kilometers) north of Lexington.
WLEX-TV reports that Scott County Emergency Management Captain Robert Duncan says buses were sent to evacuate residents living in trailer parks near the scene to an elementary school.
They say the evacuation is a precaution due to a potentially hazardous material. They could not identify what the material is.
It was not immediately known if there are any injuries.
Several witnesses reported hearing a loud explosion, then seeing a large fire in the area near the train tracks.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (CBSNewYork/CBSNews/AP) – A Harvard University study found the death toll from Hurricane Maria last year was dramatically larger than reported.
The new study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, estimates more than 4,600 people died in Puerto Rico, mostly because of problems accessing medicine or medical care. The official government death toll was just 64.
Researchers knocked on doors and surveyed more than 3,000 homes across the island. They found the mortality rate increased 62 percent in the three months after the hurricane, compared to that period the year before.
They concluded the final death toll could be as high as 8,500.
More From CBS News
“One third of our deaths were reported because lack of medical treatment,” Domingo Marques, lead author of the study, told CBS News.
Researchers called the government's count of 64 deaths a “substantial underestimate.”
It's the latest study to analyze how many people died during or after the Category 4 storm that hit the U.S. territory in September 2017, causing more than an estimated $100 billion in damage. Maria caused the longest blackout in U.S. history, leaving the entire island of 3.3 million people without power, including those in hospitals and nursing homes who relied on respirators.
One of the researchers, Rafael Irizarry of Harvard University, told the AP that the estimate is uncertain because of its limited size, but that the study still provides valuable information, including how some people died.
Photos: Hurricane Maria Batters Puerto Rico
Previous studies have found that the number of direct and indirect hurricane-related deaths in Puerto Rico is higher than the official toll, including a 2017 report that there were nearly 500 more deaths than usual on the island in September.
In late February, Puerto Rico's governor announced that a team of experts at George Washington University would lead an independent review to determine the number of deaths caused by Hurricane Maria amid ongoing accusations that the government undercounted the toll. A preliminary report was due in May, but Puerto Rico officials announced last week that the team requested and was granted more time. The director of that study did not return messages for comment.
The government of Puerto Rico issued a statement Tuesday in response to the study saying that it welcomed the research and would analyze it.
“As the world knows, the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities. We have always expected the number to be higher than what was previously reported,” said Carlos Mercader, executive director of Puerto Rico's Federal Affairs Administration.
Puerto Rico's Gov. Ricardo Rosselló, who is a scientist, seemed blindsided by the Harvard study, CBS News reported. Their government wasn't involved and they didn't know it was being released.
“We welcome all studies,” Rosselló said at a press conference Tuesday. “We want the real number to come out. We had a protocol that really was subpar and we recognize it.”
During their visit to Puerto Rico last October, President Donald Trump hailed the low death toll, which at the time was 16. They compared it to Hurricane Katrina. In light of the Harvard report, a White House spokesperson said the people of Puerto Rico deserve nothing less than transparency and accountability.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
The Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) is looking at closing down the factory of homegrown cigarette manufacturer Mighty Corp. by next month to penalize the company for evading tax payments through the use of fake tax stamps.
Internal Revenue Commissioner Caesar Dulay told reporters on Monday that the agency was preparing to file at least three more cases against Mighty this month at the earliest for unlawful possession of counterfeit cigarette tax stamps. The BIR slapped a P9.6-billion tax evasion case against the company last month.
Since late 2014, the BIR has been implementing the Internal Revenue Stamps Integrated System on tobacco products. The stamps ensure that the correct excise taxes have been paid.
ADVERTISEMENT
The law authorizes the BIR to cancel the license to operate of companies that evade tax payments.
Mighty license to operate
Dulay said the BIR was “looking at” and “working on” the possible cancellation of Mighty's license to operate.
According to Dulay, the BIR will “most likely” cancel Mighty's license to operate, “maybe it will not go beyond next month.”
Cancellation of the license to operate will lead to the closure of Mighty's factory.
“If you recall, the Bureau of Customs canceled their (Mighty's) authority to import, their license to import the raw materials. And you could imagine that within the next two or three months if you don't have the import license, if you don't have importation of raw materials, how do you manufacture your cigarettes?” Dulay said.
“To begin with, their warehouse in Bulacan—there was no license. You have to have a license to operate that warehouse. As for manufacturing, we're firming it [the cancellation of the license] up. We're firming up our evidence on that,” they said.
Dulay said Mighty's warehouse in San Ildefonso, Bulacan, last month yielded about 160,000 master cases of cigarette packs that allegedly bore fake stamps.
“In the case we filed involving the warehouse in San Simon, Pampanga, we estimated the [total basic assessment and penalties] at P9 billion. The Bulacan warehouse is three times bigger than the San Simon warehouse, so we're looking at about P27 billion,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Hopefully, within the month or even earlier we can complete the documentation and the gathering of the evidence” against Mighty to file another case, they said.
DOJ's preliminary probe
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II has assigned three state prosecutors to handle the preliminary investigation of the tax evasion case against officials of Mighty.
They named Senior Assistant State Prosecutor Sebastian Caponong Jr. as chair of the panel and Assistant State Prosecutors Ma. Lourdes Uy and Mary Ann Parong as members.
In a text message to reporters, Aguirre on Monday said that the President preferred a compromise agreement with Mighty so that the money to be collected from the Bulacan-based cigarette manufacturer could be immediately allocated to government projects.
“If [there will be] no compromise, [President] Duterte might not be able to use the money since the case will drag on in court,” Aguirre said.
“The President was only asking for P3 billion as compromise tax payment. But [he wants it] fully paid in just one payment,” they added.
Aguirre earlier said Mr. Duterte had spurned an offer from Mighty to settle its tax liabilities to the national government, which could amount to as much as P13 billion.
They said the President did not want staggered payments as proposed by Mighty.
The cigarette manufacturer wanted a compromise agreement with the government to save its owner, Alexander Wongchuking, and three other officials of the company from criminal prosecution after the BIR filed a P9.6-billion tax evasion case against them in the Department of Justice last month.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) – Tamika Catchings is returning to Indiana – as director of player programs and franchise development.
The longtime WNBA star retired at the end of last season after a 16-year career that included 10 All-Star selections, one WNBA championship, one league MVP award and four Olympic gold medals.
Catchings will work with three different franchises – the Indiana Fever, who they played with, the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA's D-League and the Indiana Pacers.
The 37-year-old Catchings will be asked to help build chemistry and continuity among players and recruit free agents for the Fever and Mad Ants and will assist with community outreach programs for all three franchises.
Larry King is the latest to face accusations of sexual misconduct, but they are denying the allegations and threatening to fight them in court. Terry Richard, the ex-wife of performer and Carrie Fisher's father Eddie Fisher, recently joined Daily Mail TV and alleged that King groped them at two separate events in 2005 and 2006. According to People, Richard was frank about the alleged incidents and claimed the second incident actually left them with a mark:
According to Richard, during the first alleged incident in 2005, “Larry slid their hand down from the middle of my back to putting their hand inside of my dress and it ended up with about three or four of their fingers in the crack of my a**, resting in the crack of my a**” while they were taking a photo together.
Richard, 63, claims the second time King allegedly sexually assaulted her, the pair was also taking a photograph together when the veteran journalist squeezed their butt so firmly that it left a bruise.
“Larry King is a groper. They groped me twice,” they told Daily Mail TV. “He gets a thrill doing this in front of the camera, knowing I couldn't do anything.”
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Former Vice President Joe Biden has been elected chair of the board of trustees at Philadelphia's National Constitution Center.
The center made the announcement Wednesday that Biden will succeed former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, whose term ended in January.
Jeffrey Rosen, President and CEO of the center, says Biden's "love for the constitution, and passion for teaching all Americans about its enduring principles, have inspired people around the world."
Biden says he's honored to succeed former presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush at the head of such a "national treasure."
Biden will also be splitting their time between programs at the University of Delaware and the University of Pennsylvania as part of their post-White House life.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Minister of Religious Affairs David Azoulay has told the Knesset Interior Affairs and Environment Committee no tombstones in Jerusalem's Mount of Olives cemetery have been desecrated for the past year and a half.
Azoulay noted the completion of a three-meter-high fence along a one-kilometer perimeter of the graveyard. Citing the Jerusalem Cemeteries Council for monthly events that bring people to the cemetery, they called on Minister of Transportation Yisrael Katz to ensure direct transportation to the Mount of Olives "for the benefit of the general public, who would like to visit the graves of great rabbis and the graves of their families."
By David Knox, Sports Editor
TRUSSVILLE – Former Clay-Chalkville offensive coordinator Stuart Floyd begins Tuesday as a volunteer coach for the Hewitt-Trussville football program.
Floyd, who left Clay-Chalkville​ after not getting the vacant head coaching position when Jerry Hood stepped down, will work with the tight ends during the spring, but will help wherever they are needed, Hewitt-Trussville head football coach Josh Floyd said Monday.
“We're still not sure what all they will do on the offensive side of the ball, but he's sure got great experience,” the Huskies' coach said.
The head coach is hopeful the ex-Cougar quarterback and coach will be on their staff in the fall.
“We're hoping to find them a spot,” Floyd said. ”We're always trying to improve ourselves. We're hoping we can have them around. The guy won a state championship as a quarterback and as a coach. We're fortunate to have him, with all their years of success as an offensive coordinator.
“I've known them a little bit and from everything else I hear, he's not only a great coach but a great guy. We're very lucky to get him.”
Stuart Floyd, who is not related to the Huskies coach, quarterbacked the 1999 Cougars state championship team and was the offensive coordinator for the 2014 6A Cougar champs and the 2015 runner-ups.
Under Stuart Floyd, the Cougars' offense set a new Class 6A record for points scored in a season in 2014 with 731, which is good enough for sixth all-time in AHSAA history.
Clay-Chalkville defeated Patrick Nix's Scottsboro team that season and set a record for points scored in a playoff game with 85. Additionally, the Cougars set a new record for most consecutive games of scoring 20 or more points at 63 games, which started at the end of the 2010 season. At the end of 2014, Floyd's offense set a new school record with 6,943 yards.
Hewitt starts spring practice Monday.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Priests who fail to tell police about suspected child sexual abuse should face criminal charges, even when they learn of abuse during a confidential religious confession, Australia's most powerful investigative authority recommended on Monday.
Australia's Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse — the nation's highest form of inquiry — recommended that all states and territories in Australia introduce legislation that would make it a criminal offense for people to fail to report child sexual abuse in an institutional setting. Clergy who find out about sexual abuse during a religious confession would not be exempt from the law.
"The right to practice one's religious beliefs must accommodate civil society's obligation to provide for the safety of all and, in particular, children's safety from sexual abuse," the commission wrote in a report released Monday. "Institutions directed to caring for and providing services for children, including religious institutions, must provide an environment where children are safe from sexual abuse. Reporting information relevant to child sexual abuse to the police is critical to ensuring the safety of children."
Current laws on reporting knowledge of crimes vary across Australia. In some jurisdictions, information received during religious confessions — which are considered highly confidential by churches — is considered privileged, and thus exempt from mandatory reporting requirements.
The royal commission has been investigating since 2013 how churches and other institutions responded to the sexual abuse of children in Australia over the last several decades. The reporting requirement it urged Australia to adopt was one of 85 recommendations it made in a report aimed at revamping the criminal justice system to ensure fairer treatment of victims of child sexual abuse.
The reporting mandate would apply to people who failed to tell police that they knew, suspected or even should have suspected that an adult associated with their institution was sexually abusing a child.
If such a law was actually imposed in Australia, priests would ostensibly have to choose between following criminal law or canon law, which forbids them from revealing anything they hear during confession.
In its report, the commission acknowledged the significance placed upon the confidentiality of religious confessions, particularly by the Catholic Church. But the commission also said it had learned of cases in which abusers had confessed to clergy that they had sexually assaulted children and then went on to reoffend, before seeking forgiveness yet again.
The issue of whether religious confessions should be considered privileged has long plagued governments and courts across the world.
In the United States, the Louisiana state Supreme Court ruled last year that state law does not require a priest to notify authorities after hearing evidence of child abuse from a child making a confession. That ruling came amid a lawsuit against Catholic authorities by parents who say their daughter was sexually abused by a parishioner at a local church.
Ireland introduced legislation in 2012 that made it a legal requirement to report knowledge of crimes against children, and made no exemption for priests who received information about crimes during confession. How that law has been applied since then, though, is unclear; Australia's royal commission noted in its report that the issue has yet to be tested in Ireland's courts.
Cathy Kezelman, president of the Australian victims' advocacy group, Blue Knot Foundation, applauded the commission's recommendations.
"The recommendation around religious confession is most welcome, as although Blue Knot Foundation respects the right of all religions to practice their religion, children must be protected from the insidious crime of child sexual abuse," Kezelman said in a statement. "There should be no exemption in that regard, the confessional included."
09:53 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 It's final: Nat. Religious school to be transferred to haredim Read more Interior Min. gives religious public school's building to haredim; school moves to less desirable building ahead of start of school year. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian Wednesday brought their quest for clemency for an imprisoned grandmother to the White House.
Interested in Kardashians? Add Kardashians as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Kardashians news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders confirmed that Kardashian was visiting the White House but would not confirm the people with whom they were meeting. They were expected to meet with Jared Kushner, the president's adviser and son-in-law, who has led the Trump administration's efforts on criminal justice reform.
Kardashian began advocating on behalf of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson earlier this year. The grandmother was given a mandatory life sentence plus 25 years in 1997 for their part in a cocaine distribution ring, their first offense.
Kushner, whose father spent time in prison, has made prison reform a personal passion, saying they want to help those who "have made mistakes, paid the price and are deserving of a second chance."
Johnson's daughter Tretessa had earlier told ABC News that they were grateful to Kardashian and their legal team for working on behalf of and shining a light on their mother's case.
“She could have just sawed the video or read an article or whatever and just said ‘oh that's a shame' or whatever and went on with their life, but they didn't, they chose to get involved in a major way,” Johnson told ABC.
The Johnson family first sought clemency for Alice, unsuccessfully, from President Barack Obama, gathering letters of recommendations from their warden and from members of Congress.
A Mississippi girl has died after their brother allegedly shot them in the head because they wouldn't hand over the controller of a video game.WCBI-TV reported Sunday that Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell says the girl is dead.Cantrell told local news outlets that the 9-year-old boy shot their 13-year-old sister in the back of the head. They were rushed to Le Bonheur's Children's Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, but didn't survive.Authorities say they don't yet know how the boy got the gun. The circumstances are still being investigated.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Transcript for Uma Thurman speaks out against Harvey Weinstein to NY Times columnist
Back now with a major star breaking their silence. Uma Thurman, the well-known actor who worked so closely with Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein on pivotal, popular films, now adding their list to the growing number of actores accusing them of sexual assault. Here's erielle reshef. Reporter: Tonight, Hollywood star uma Thurman says they are finally ready to speak out against disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. You and I have unfinished business. Reporter: For months Thurman hinting they would join the chorus, accusing Weinstein of sexual harassment and assault. When I'm ready, I'll say what I have to say. Reporter: The actor and producer first working together in their 1994 hit "Pulp fiction." "New York Times" columnist Maureen dowd reporting that Thurman tells them when the two were in Paris, Weinstein held a meeting in their bathrobe and tried to lure them into a steam room. Shortly after in London, dowd reports that Thurman claims, "He pushed me down. They tried to shove themselves on me. They tried to expose himself." And that Thurman says they told Weinstein the next day, "If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family." In a statement, Weinstein, who's now in rehab in Arizona, calls the incident an "Awkward pass" that they immediately apologized for, but says Thurman's "Claims about being physically assaulted are untrue." Thurman continued to work with Weinstein on some of their biggest hits including "Kill bill." I roared and I rampaged and I got bloody satisfaction. Reporter: But they tell dowd they tolerated them only in supervised environments. Thurman says their biggest regret was staying silent for so long. As for Weinstein, they continue to deny any allegations of nonconsensual sex. Their attorneys say they're considering legal action against Thurman. And when we come back --
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
14:28 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 State recommends curtailing Shabbat soccer Read more
AG promotes gradual Shabbat soccer game reduction while finding solutions for religious players as long as Shabbat games continue. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, the first woman to head the nation's central bank, got a boisterous send-off from Fed staff, but they aren't taking any time off. After their last day at the Fed on Friday, they will start a new job Monday at the Brookings Institution.
The Washington think tank announced that Yellen will be joining the institution's Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary Policy as a distinguished fellow in residence. One of their colleagues will be their predecessor, former Chairman Ben Bernanke, who joined Brookings in 2014 when they stepped down from the Fed.
In an interview on their last day, Yellen said for the first time publicly that they were disappointed that President Donald Trump did not nominate them for a second term.  They are the first Fed leader not to be given the chance to serve a second term in four decades.
"I would have liked to serve an additional term and I did make that clear" when they interviewed with Trump, Yellen said in an interview broadcast by PBS. "So I would say I was disappointed not to be re-appointed."
But Yellen said that they were grateful for the Fed career they did have which covered not only a four-year term as Fed chair but also serving as Fed vice chair for four years before that and also service as president of the Fed's San Francisco regional bank.
"I really have had a seat at the table through tumultuous times including the financial crisis and the recovery and its wake and I am very satisfied with the career that I have had."
In a tweet Friday, Bernanke said, "I congratulate Janet on their outstanding public service and look forward to being their colleague at the Brookings Institution."
Trump decided against offering them a second term and instead tapped Fed board member Jerome Powell. Powell will be sworn on Monday.
Hundreds of Fed staffers gathered Thursday to celebrate Yellen's Fed tenure, welcoming them with prolonged applause when they appeared in the Fed's giant atrium, according to participants at the staff gathering. Yellen told the staff that they would be in good hands under Powell's leadership.
In their remarks, Powell praised Yellen as the most qualified person to hold the job of Fed chair in the central bank's history.
Powell, who has served on the Fed board with Yellen since 2012, ended their remarks by popping the collar of their suit jacket. They joined other Fed staffers and others online have used the #PopYourCollar hashtag on social media in recent days in tribute to Yellen's trademark wardrobe style of wearing their collars turned up.
By Solange Desantis on March 04, 2013
Community radio, the most prevalent of all community media, is a vital alternative both to state-owned and commercial private radio. Community radio's affordability and reach make it a powerful agent of social change.
A number of countries have introduced laws and regulations that acknowledge community radio as a distinct media sector. Nevertheless, despite these advances, challenges persist at global and regional levels.
These challenges include the lack of proper enabling legislation, how to sustain community radio in the long term, and little sharing of community radio networks practices and knowledge. A further challenge is that the exclusion and marginalizing of women witnessed in mainstream media is sometimes reproduced in community media practices.
WACC celebrates World Radio Day on February 15 -- a day dedicated to celebrating radio as a medium.Recently WACC introduced a new initiative in support of community radio as a means of helping marginalized and excluded groups to have a voice in society. Community media are widely recognised by governments, international development agencies, and civil society organisations as key agents in participatory development. They represent a unique way of reaching and involving people.
The NGO Cultural Survival has noted that community radio partners in Guatemala are currently fighting for their right to freedom of expression through. A new bill in the Guatemalan Congress, Bill 4479, proposes a reform in the criminal code that criminalises individual actors and representatives of unlicensed stations, effectively penalising community radio with up to 10 years in prison.
This bill is a threat to dozens of community radio stations that base their existence on the promises made in the Guatemalan Peace Accords, the country's own constitution, and the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
Since 1996 when the Peace Accords were signed, community radio has become an extremely important means of communication for Indigenous groups around Guatemala. Even in small villages without electricity, it is likely that most families will have a battery powered radio in order to stay informed on important issues, listen to traditional music, and educational programming.
On World Radio Day WACC affirms its upport for community radio as a means of strengthening the communication rights and public voices of poor, marginalized, excluded and dispossessed people and communities everywhere.
Putin makes first comment on Trump's Jerusalem decision
Putin made their first public comment on the subject of the recent decision of US President Donald Trump to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. After a meeting with Turkish President Recep Erdoğan, Putin said that Moscow, like Ankara, considers this decision as a move to destabilise the situation in the region.
AP photo
"Both Russia and Turkey believe that the decision of the US administration to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move the US Embassy there does not help settle the state of affairs in the Middle East," Putin said.
They noted that such a step "on the contrary, destabilises an already difficult situation in the region."
In addition, following the meeting with Erdoğan, Vladimir Putin expressed a hope that the credit agreement between Russia and Turkey in the field of defence cooperation would be signed "in the near future."
Pravda.Ru
If you head directly south from St. Paul, Minnesota, you'll eventually find yourself in Rochester, home of the world-renowned Mayo Clinic.
For more than 100 years, the city and the hospital have been synonymous. And now, a massive economic development project backed by Mayo, the city and the state aims to transform the city of more than 100,000 into a magnet for startups and entrepreneurs in medicine and other fields.
Mayo BioBusiness Center Chair Jim Rogers said Rochester's transformation is already apparent.
"I can count — just about every building has a new business in the last four of five years, it seems,” they said. "It's incredible what's occurring here."
In an effort to turn the region into the “Silicon Valley of medicine,” Rogers said change is happening inside the clinic's walls, too.
Recently, Mayo lifted policies that blocked employees from owning or holding an executive position with a medical company, and a business accelerator helps employees develop new products. Rogers pointed to a couple of examples: a health records system for the intensive care unit and a less-invasive procedure to treat carpal tunnel syndrome, both products of Mayo's efforts to support innovation.
In the Rochester of the future, Rogers said more products like these will be developed in Discovery Square, a downtown tech park where the idea is for Mayo employees, startups and major medical firms to collaborate.
"Gone are the days where a company comes, wants to talk to a few physicians, thinks they have a good idea and they run off and develop a product that doesn't meet the patient need,” Rogers said. “Gone are the days we think we can just do it ourselves. It needs to be partnership."
Discovery Square is part of a 20-year economic development effort to remake Rochester so Mayo can better compete for patients and top talent. The state, city and Mayo, as well as other private investors, will contribute a total of about $6.5 billion over the life of the project.
The effort is also meant to help diversify southeast Minnesota's economy beyond health care. Right now, Mayo is the state's largest employer, with more than 30,000 people in the region on its payroll. But to build its reputation as something more than a medical hub, some believe Rochester's culture needs to change.
"When you have a large medical institution like the Mayo Clinic — a world renowned, top medical institution in the world — you get that way by eliminating risk,” said Jamie Sundsbak, who manages a co-working space for startups in Rochester's downtown. “If you look at some of the entrepreneurial communities, risk is what they are excited about."
Mayo's ambition to make Rochester a magnet for innovation has great potential, said Michael Gorman, who is managing director with venture capital firm Split Rock Partners in the Twin Cities area.
But Gorman said a robust workforce is also critical. "One of the questions any entrepreneur, let alone an investor asks is, 'Is this company located in a spot where we are actually able to scale and grow the business?'” Gorman said.
As Rochester moves beyond medicine, Gorman said the city will be in tough competition for tech-savvy professionals. And Rochester already has a shortage of those workers.
"There's certainly a talent gap,” said Mike Rolih, who founded Rochester's GoRout, a company that produces technology that allows football coaches to communicate with players from the sidelines during practice. “It's like a Grand Canyon."
This year, Rolih said he's ready to ramp up sales and needs more skilled workers. Finding them is proving difficult, and he's worried their backers will pressure them to move to cities in nearby Wisconsin or Illinois.
"We want you to come to Chicago, or we want you to go to Madison where you've got a ready and willing workforce, because you have a young workforce, and you have ready and willing talent that you don't have to fight Mayo for,” Rolih said.
If GoRout thrives in Rochester, it could help alter the city's fortunes. Venture capitalist Gorman said Rochester needs just a few success stories to become the magnet for innovators that it wants to become.
By on August 27, 2014
Recognizing and Building Communication Rights
Bolivia
Through this project the Training Service in Radio and Television (SECRAD) addressed the social exclusion and ‘invisibility' of people with disabilities in Bolivia by providing technical skills training to visually impaired people in the city of La Paz. Exclusion and invisibility have been a huge obstacle in the participation of disabled people in society, and a gross infringement on their rights as citizens in Bolivia. Building on the plan of action arising from the First International Workshop on Communication and Disability organised by SECRAD where media discrimination and the lack of public policies were discussed, this project sought to provide communication training for people with disabilities. The project resulted in a marked increase in the participants' self esteem and sense of empowerment and entitlement to rights. It also resulted in an increase in the interest among mainstream media to cover issues of disabilities in a more inclusive way. Finally, there has been some opening on the part of some media to the inclusion of people with disabilities in their programming, generating in this way a stronger visibility of this sector of the population.
Project 827
ABC
Bachelor in Paradise (ABC, 8:00 p.m.) – Not only is ABC still moving forward with this sh*t show, they're actually trying to use allegations of sexual assault to get people to tune in. Nope.
American Ninja Warrior (NBC, 8:00 p.m.) – The Top 30 competitors from the Cleveland Qualifier tackle the City Finals course.
Shadowhunters (Freeform, 8:00 p.m.) – Season two ends with Jace and Clary making a stand against Valentine but not before dealing with a traitor in their midst. Meanwhile, Alec and Izzy must fight off a large mass of demons that have unexpectedly shown up and Luke and Simon make a deal with the Seelie Queen.
So You Think You Can Dance (Fox, 8:00 p.m.) – The Top 10 is whittled down by one after the votes are counted.
Preacher (AMC, 9:00 p.m.) – Tulip's still in a bad way and Jesse's still too obsessed with their search for God to give a sh*t about anyone else, but hey, at least he's found a new clue.
Stitchers (Freeform, 9:00 p.m.) – Season three ends with Kirsten performing the most important stitch of their life after their father suddenly shows up.
American Dad! (TBS 10:00 p.m.) — Stan and Hayley team up to stop a terrorist plot to blow up the Bazooka Sharks arena but first they must solve their communication problems.
I Hart Food (Food Network, 10:00 p.m.) – Hannah Hart's finally getting their own show on the Food Network and it's taking them to Santa Fe, New Mexico, where they tour the city and tries all the spice that makes their food nice.
Loaded (AMC, 10:00 p.m.) – Leon takes the group on a trip on their new yacht in order to get new ideas flowing but 24 hours of murder, sex, and drugs soon follow.
Midnight, Texas (NBC, 10:00 p.m.) — An enigmatic woman with an insatiable appetite arrives in Midnight. Manfred teams with a group to venture to a roadside bar to stop the supernatural lady and protect their town's otherworldly anonymity.
The Gong Show (ABC, 10:00 p.m.) — Will Arnett, Jennifer Aniston, and Jack Black judge a pole-dancing dinosaur, a flaming Hula-Hoop dancer, a young contortionist, and a man making animal noises while singing a holiday song alongside their stuffed animals.
People of Earth (TBS, 10:30 p.m.) – The Cube pressures Jeff to clean the ship, Don wants to spill a secret to Kelly, and it proves difficult for Father Doug and Chelsea to break off previous commitments.
LATE NIGHT GUESTS
Jimmy Kimmel Live!: Ray Romano, Paula Patton, Bryson Tiller
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Susan Sarandon, Riz Ahmed, Chord Overstreet
The Late Show With Stephen Colbert: Anthony Scaramucci, Bob Odenkirk, Liam Gallagher
Late Night With Seth Meyers: Kenan Thompson, Leah Remini, Bryan Fogel, Roy Mayorga
The Late Late Show With James Corden: Billy Eichner, Riley Keough, Royal Blood
Conan: Sen. Al Franken, Kate Micucci, Portugal. The Man
Authorities said they allegedly hit one of the officers before video showed an officer punching them twice in the head.
It's not the Fourth of July without fireworks, but did you know that weather can impact the dazzling display of light in the sky?Clear skies, light winds and low humidity create the optimal conditions for a fireworks show, according to AccuWeather . As humidity increases, the color from the fireworks could appear less vibrant.Wind speed is also closely monitored; if there's too little wind, the smoke from the fireworks might not dissipate quickly enough and could obstruct the view from the ground. If there's too much wind, smoke and hot embers could move into areas full of spectators.Drought conditions can also cause problems for fireworks shows. The fallout from fireworks could be enough to start a fire in a matter of seconds. In some desert areas, drone shows are replacing fireworks -- in addition to being safer in drier areas, the drone shows are more inclusive for those with sensitives to the sound of firework explosions Rain, though, poses little risk to fireworks as long as the fireworks are kept in waterproof bags. Downpours and thunderstorms can cause a fireworks show to be canceled or delayed, especially if there's lightning.
What was meant to be a fun day at an amusement park turned into a years-long source of unsolved medical issues and emotional distress for one young boy in Florida, according to a new lawsuit.
A mother is suing Legoland over claims that their son suffered long-lasting rashes to their face after getting it painted during a visit to the park.
The suit alleges that the boy, who is a minor, started to "complain that their face was itching and burning" after the visit.
Their mother "took them to the doctor because they noticed that their skin started to break out in a rash, scattered about their cheeks," the suit states.
The doctor prescribed medication for treatment of the rash but it did not work, the suit states, as the rash reportedly "continued to spread" to include the boy's cheeks as well as around their mouth and nose.
"The rash continued to spread out of control, causing dark spots and discoloration," according to the lawsuit.
The boy continued to return to the doctor "several" times and has received "23 months of various treatments and prescriptions," including eczema cream, but their "skin condition continues to worsen, and the doctors became baffled as to why the rash and discoloration would not go away," the suit states.
Marjie Lambert/Miami Herald/MCT via Getty Images FILE
The doctor reportedly solicited a second opinion, and further examination led to the conclusion that the spread of the rash was too even and uniform for it to be eczema, which does not normally follow such patterns. The doctor said that it suggested that something had to have been placed on the boy's skin, and "at that moment" the mother remembered that their son had their face painted while visiting Legoland "right before they developed the rash," the suit states.
"The paint used on their face at Legoland that has caused them great pain and suffering, as well as two years of humiliation by other child [sic] and deep emotional distress," the suit states.
ABC News' requests for comment from the lawyer who filed the suit were not immediately returned.
The suit claims one count of negligence and one count of negligent infliction of emotional distress against Legoland and the associated entertainment groups.
Legoland representatives did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment, but they told NBC Orlando affiliate WESH on Tuesday that they had not been contacted about the lawsuit.
"We take all matters relating to the well-being of our guests seriously. We have not been contacted regarding this legal matter and therefore cannot comment at this time," Legoland officials told WESH.
When the Jalen Ramsey vs. A.J. Green, and Aqib Talib vs. Michael Crabtree in-game tussles played out, Pro Football Hall of Fame defensive back Ronnie Lott thought back to advice they received decades ago, before their San Francisco 49ers faced the Dallas Cowboys.
"A buddy of mine, Dennis Thurman, who played for the Cowboys, called me up before we played them and said, 'Do not get into a talking match with (receivers) Butch Johnson or Drew Pearson.' So I didn't. They were like, 'Stay focused on the game,'" Lott said. "I'm sure that some coach or somebody said, 'Don't get caught up in that' to the guys involved in things this season.
"Whatever the coaches said didn't work."
Seem conflicts between cornerbacks and wideouts are simply unavoidable. It is a unique dynamic in NFL games week after week: On play after play, they match up 1-on-1, with plenty of grabbing and shoving and, yes, yapping mixed in. The tension escalates, especially if one is really outplaying the other.
"It can be like an Ali-Frazier moment," said Lott, a cornerback and safety from 1981-94. "My rookie year, I remember having confrontations. They could be around the biggest or the littlest thing."
Broncos cornerback Talib and Raiders receiver Crabtree served one-week suspensions after getting into a fight during a game — a reprise of their skirmish last season. Both times, Talib ripped a gold chain off Crabtree's neck. In another much-discussed episode, Jacksonville's Ramsey and Cincinnati's Green were ejected after a clash that looked straight out of a wrestling ring.
"There are a lot of passion and emotions out of those two positions. It happens a lot in training camp and things like that, same deal," Minnesota Vikings receiver Adam Thielen said. "Even when you're going against your own teammates, it brings a lot of emotion out of you, especially when you're a competitor and you don't like to lose."
The two episodes this season brought to mind other high-profile dustups. Josh Norman vs. Odell Beckham Jr. Or Andre Johnson vs. Cortland Finnegan.
These spats are at least in part a result of what Redskins cornerback Norman describes as a world of constant chatter, gamesmanship and one-upmanship.
"If you stop them, you come back and say something. Then they catch the ball, and they come back and say something. You play sound, fundamental defense and you get aggressive with guys. They don't like it and they push back. You push back," Norman said. "And before you know it, there you go."
They were a Panthers cornerback in 2015 when they engaged in a violent back-and-forth with Giants receiver Beckham.
Norman sees these CB vs. WR flare-ups through the prism of their job, which they say is made harder by the NFL's anti-defense rules and officiating.
"They don't want defenders to be successful. And (fans) don't want a guy to stop their man that they put in fantasy football. When we do, we're the 'worst ever.' We're 'trash.' But if we let someone catch the ball, we're 'trash,' too. It's ridiculous," Norman said. "We can't win as defensive backs. It's not set up for us to. But when we do win, and there is that little success that we have for ourselves, then we need to show it. Like, 'Look! Take that!'"
Players on both sides of the ball say the physical and mental back-and-forth both contribute to bad feelings.
"There's a lot that goes out there on the field that's behind the scenes," Raiders cornerback TJ Carrie said. "You really don't pay attention to it until there's an altercation."
Whether it's a cornerback constantly jamming a receiver off the line, or a run-blocking wideout doing the shoving, those plays add up. That's aside from when a receiver isn't getting their catches, or even their targets. Or a DB keeps giving up gains.
It all can lead to frustration — and lashing out.
"It's been going on for centuries," Cardinals receiver Larry Fitzgerald said.
They know some defenders will "try to add unnecessary brutality to the game," they said, and there's no way to avoid that.
But when it comes to trash talk, Fitzgerald said: "I'm not about that. If you call out my name, I'm not even going to acknowledge you. I just walk away."
Certainly, these conflicts happen at other positions.
Still, as Redskins cornerback-turned-safety DeAngelo Hall noted, it's harder to notice individual matchups along the line of scrimmage.
"We are kind of out there by ourselves, so when we're talking or battling, you can really see two guys face to face — as opposed to five vs. five, having the whole O-line and whole D-line there. I don't know if there's more confrontation there than a defensive end and a left tackle, for example, but it's definitely more noticeable when receivers and DBs get to chirpin', because we're isolated," Hall said.
"At the end of the day, it's me vs. you on that island."
Hall, whose 43 career interceptions lead active players, remembers when they were with the Falcons and faced the division-rival Panthers and now-retired receiver Steve Smith.
"Me and Steve had to be separated a couple of times," Hall said. "It was always almost to blows. Then, after or before the game, it was all cordial. Just that competitiveness of me and them wanting to beat each other down sparked those intense exchanges."
As for some of their other past foes?
"Me and (Terrell Owens) didn't do a lot of talking. We just tried to rip each other's heads off. Me and Chad Johnson did a lot of talking, but it was all jokingly," Hall said and paused, before adding with a chuckle: "And, of course, we tried to rip each other's heads off."
___
AP Pro Football Writers Dave Campbell and Josh Dubow and Sports Writers Joe Kay and Bob Baum contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
ISSY-LES-MOULINEAUX, France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--Tinubu Square, a leading provider of trade credit, bonding & surety and receivables finance solutions, has been awarded the 2018 “Trophées du Cloud” by Eurocloud as “Best Vertical SaaS solution”.The company has been rewarded for its ability to support the digital transformation of the credit insurance industry.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005273/en/
Trophee du Cloud (Photo: Business Wire)
During the 12 th edition of the EuroCloud France “Trophées du Cloud” Awards yesterday, Tinubu Square won the award for the best “Vertical SaaS Solution”. This award ceremony, held during the Cloud Week Paris 2018, distinguished six companies amongst 52 applications. The aim was to highlight the success of the organisations in the cloud market.
The jury comprised 16 members, all experts and analysts in the cloud industry, and chose to reward Tinubu Square for its ability to rethink the management of commercial credit through a cloud-based platform which supports credit insurance companies during their digital transformation process.
“The cloud is in the DNA of our company. Our know-how is based on a cloud-based software platform in SaaS mode and also on risk underwriting services. These cloud-based solutions have been adopted by major international players and credit insurers all over the world. They have chosen our technology to overcome technical constraints & implementation time, and improve their competitiveness in the globalized market,“ said Jérôme Pezé, Founder and CEO of Tinubu Square.
Olivier Placca, Founder and Deputy CEO of Tinubu Square said: “It is a great honour for us to be recognized by this award, which will expand our visibility and credibility in the European market”.
About Tinubu Square
Delivering Insurance Digital Transformation
Founded in 2000, Tinubu Square is a software vendor, enabler of the Trade Credit, Surety and Receivables Finance digital transformation. Tinubu Square enables organizations across the world to significantly reduce their exposure to risk and their financial, operational and technical costs with best-in-class technology solutions and services. Tinubu Square provides SaaS solutions and services to different businesses including credit insurers, receivables financing organizations and multinational corporations. Tinubu Square has built an ecosystem of customers in over 20 countries worldwide and has a global presence with offices in Paris, London, New York, Montreal and Singapore. For more information: www.tinubu.com
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005273/en/
CONTACT: Ascendant
Julie Kirby
jkirby@ascendcomms.net
+44 (0) 7956 955625
KEYWORD: EUROPE FRANCE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE
SOURCE: Tinubu Square
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 12:24 PM/DISC: 07/04/2018 12:24 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005273/en
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- Community leaders have come up with a plan to fight sex trafficking during the Super Bowl in Minneapolis.
The plan unveiled Tuesday includes billboard campaigns, statewide law enforcement stings and training for bus drivers, hotel workers and thousands of volunteers to identify sex trafficking, the Star Tribune (http://strib.mn/2rhteg9 ) reported. The effort is estimated to cost about $1 million.
The 40-member group behind the project is made up of representatives from counties, nonprofits, hospitals, businesses and law enforcement who have spent the past nine months planning. The Women's Foundation of Minnesota, Hennepin County and Ramsey County have been leading the effort.
''We have zero tolerance,'' said Terry Williams of the Women's Foundation. ''We're excited the Super Bowl is coming here so we can highlight our community and the work we're doing here.''
Like other big events, the Super Bowl will likely draw an increase in online sex ads, according to experts at the University of Minnesota's Urban Research and Outreach-Engagement Centers.
Law enforcement agencies are planning to coordinate targeted stings starting 10 days before the Super Bowl and lasting throughout the game, said Minneapolis police Sgt. Grant Snyder.
Along with bus drivers and hotel workers, about 10,000 Super Bowl volunteers will be trained to identify sex trafficking. The effort also includes providing more emergency shelter beds, increased street outreach and a tip hotline for possible trafficking.
The Minnesota Super Bowl Host Committee asked the Women's Foundation of Minnesota in 2014 to lead the efforts. Other organizations and nonprofits have launched their own efforts to reduce sex trafficking, but the Women's Foundation is the only campaign backed by the NFL.
---
Information from: Star Tribune, http://www.startribune.com
If theirs involving themselves in their 12-year-old daughter's cheerleading competion wasn't proof enough that the retired Floyd Mayweather is bored, ladies and gentlemen we present to you, the #MayweatherChallenge.
Related: The Floyd Mayweather Matter Finally Raises Its Head In The T.I. And Tiny Divorce
“The #MayweatherChallenge is when you're really living it,” the unbeaten boxer explained on posts to their 22 million-plus followers on their Twitter and Instagram accounts. “You ain't fronting and you ain't lying to the people. When you're really living the real lifestyle that you say you're living.”
“We're tired of people on social media fronting like they live a certain lifestyle when they really don't,” continued Mayweather, who some believe was responding to the many money-centric posts of UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor of late.
“The only thing is though, Floyd,” Ryan Cameron says, “no one has the money you have. So WE CAN'T do the #MayweatherChallenge. Only you can!”
Finance ministers and central bankers from the 20 leading industrial and developing countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit that has been eclipsed by growing concerns over the potential of a global trade war following U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to slap import tariffs on steel and aluminum.
Trump's tariffs — of 25 percent on imported steel and 10 percent on aluminum imports — enter into force this week.
The issue had not been addressed officially at the two-day summit that began Monday in Buenos Aires. But some G-20 officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly, said that Trump's measures have been a major talking point in private sessions.
Argentina's Treasury Minister Nicolas Dujovne asked U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday to exempt the South American country from the tariffs. Trump is temporarily exempting Canada and Mexico.
Other Latin American countries have also reached out to Trump for exemptions, and the European Union's top trade official said Monday that the EU should be excluded as a whole. The EU has already published a list of American products it plans to tax if it is not exempted.
The tariffs and the EU threat to retaliate with counter-measures have escalated the risk of a trade war with tit-for-tat tariff boosts that would harm exporting nations as well as raising prices for consumers in importing nations.
The EU considers itself to be caught in the crossfire of a dispute which is actually intended to punish China for being unfair in its commercial deals.
At news conference on Monday, Dujovne and OECD Secretary General Angel Gurria presented a report, but they declined to take questions.
The summit in Buenos Aires is the first of five meetings by finance ministers and central bankers scheduled in advance of a main G-20 meeting in Argentina that will be held Nov. 30-Dec 1.
Officials are also discussing issues including infrastructure development and the technology behind cryptocurrencies during the two-day meeting.
The Trump administration has banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. Venezuelan last month announced a cryptocurrency known as the "petro," for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $5 billion.
Meanwhile, senior officials of several nations proposed that international lending institutions such as the International Monetary Fund move to help governments affected by flood of Venezuelans fleeing their crisis-wracked homeland, Argentina's Finance Ministry said in a statement.
Brazil's Treasury Minister Henrique Meirelles said a multilateral fund to aid the refugees had been suggested.
Around Town—6-14-17
WEDNESDAY
Crochet
The crochet group of McKendree UMC, located at 3537 Maiden Hwy. will meet weekly from 6 p.m. until 7:30 p.m. in the youth room of the fellowship hall. For more information call (704) 735-4062.
Judge sentences rammer to life in prison, says they carried out a 'terrorist attack' and 'intended to kill.'
London's Justice Cheema-Grubb on Friday sentenced a man who rammed into a crowd of Muslims to life in prison.
In June 2017, Darren Osborne, 48, rammed into a crowd of Muslims near a mosque, killing one and injuring nine.
On Thursday, Osborne was found guilty of murdering the Bangladeshi victim and of attempting to murder others.
According to Cheema-Grubb, "This was a terrorist attack...intended to kill." They also said Osborne had been on "a suicide mission" and criticized them for "allowing their mind to be poisoned by those who claimed to be leaders."
Osborne, a father of four, will spend at least 43 years in prison.
Initially, Osborne had rented a van to target an event opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn was scheduled to attend. However, they found themselves unable to reach the event, driving around London until they decided to attack the Muslims.
By Tabitha Shiflett/ John Friia
Give back to the environment by helping out your neighborhood park, turning off the lights in your apartment, unplugging your iPhone charger and hitting up some of the best Earth Day events New York City has to offer.
More: Best Spring Events | Spring Restaurant Openings | Spring Date Ideas
1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge
60 Furman Street
Brooklyn, NY 11201
347-696-2500
Starting at noon on Earth Day, 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge will hold a variety of environmentally-friendly activities. Among the various events includes a live performance from Bella Gaia at Brooklyn Bridge Park with a multi-sensory stage show of dance and NASA imagery. A moment of relaxation awaits people high atop the hotel with a yoga class boasting views of the city's skyline. There will also be panel discussions on sustainable food and fashion.
Arlo SoHo
231 Hudson Street
New York, NY 10013
212-342-7000
People can improve their green thumb while upping their bartending skills with Arlo SoHo's boozy guided planting class on April 22nd at 2 p.m. Guests can order one of their favorite cocktails while learning how to add a green DIY touch to their next libation.
Earth Day 5K Green Tour 2017
More: Best Running Routes In NYC
Even though Manhattan is known as the concrete jungle, there are pieces of nature throughout the city. New Yorkers can step outside and see rooftop farms and parks with the Earth Day 5K Green Tour. Previous nature visits include the Lowline Lab, organic culinary schools and composting sites. Tickets for the three-hour walking tour are $20 and come with a pass to the New York International Auto Show.
SWALE
Multiple Locations
A floating farms arrive in New York City this Earth Day with Swale docked at Hudson River Park's Pier 25. In its second year, Swale gives people the chance pick produce from over 400 edible pants, including fresh kale, asparagus and raspberries. The floating park opens for Earth Day at Pier 25 of Hudson River Park and moves to Brooklyn Bridge Park and Concrete Plant Park in the Bronx for the 2017 season.
Brooklyn SolarWorks
200 6th Street
Brooklyn, NY 11215
Earth Day is an opportunity to explore alternative forms of energy. New York Adventure Club offers a private tour of Brooklyn SolarWorks' workshop and rooftop overlooking the city. Visitors will learn the process of converting sun power to energy, how solar panels work, and take a tour of Park Slope to see the panels on homes. The event ends atop SolarWorks rooftop, boasting stunning views of the Manhattan skyline and offering complementary beverages and small bites.
Theresa Lang Community And Student Center, Arnhold Hall
The New School
55 W. 13 St., Room I-202
New York, NY 10011
(212) 229-5600
The New School will be hosting “Earth Week: Going Beyond ‘Green'” an interactive showcase of student and faculty research addressing the impacts of climate change and other environmental threats to community well-being and social justice. Student scholars and faculty grant winners will share their research that applies design, policy, and social justice to current and future environmental issues. This event is free and open to the public, but reservations are required.
The High Line
34th Street between 10th and 12th Avenues
New York, NY 10011
(212) 500-6035
Date: Saturday, April 22, 2017 from 1 p.m. – 6 p.m.
Hear the story behind New York's park in the sky by joining a guided walking tour, or if you're interested in a more personal experience, book a private tour. The High Line also offers art tours and garden tours that feature the park's sculptures, murals, and details of the High Line's wildlife.
St. George Day Festival
Tompkinsville Park
Victory Boulevard and Bay Street
Staten Island, NY 10301
Date: Saturday, April 22, 2017 from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Head across the water to Staten Island to celebrate Earth Day with the arts, community and — dragons! The festival will boast a parade, an Earth Day zone, activities for the kids and more. The rain-or-shine event is free and everyone is welcome. What better way to celebrate the earth than by playing in nature with the family? Learn more here.
Celebrate Earth Day at Fort Tryon Park
Fort Tryon Park
Riverside Drive to Broadway
New York, NY 10040
(212) 795-1388
Date: Sunday, April 23 from 10 a.m to 2 p.m.
Celebrate Earth Day by being a park flight attendant at Fort Tryon Park. On April 23, the Friends Committee of the Fort Tryon Park Trust and NYC Parks are hosting a Beautification Day. Plants, tools, and gloves will be provided. Groups must RSVP via email, and volunteers 17 and younger must be accompanied by an adult.
Here's the call we got on Valentine's Day from Melissa. They followed their man all the way to a hotel on Okeechobee. They were in a room with a woman who they suspected to be their boss? This is the craziest LIVE call our show has ever received!
11:03 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Unusual court hearing - in the middle of the night Read more Jerusalem court holds legal discussion late at night, frees teenage girls who were arrested earlier in the day. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Getty Image
When LeBron James gives you their golden seal of approval you've clearly got a good thing going, but when LeBron and Jay-Z bestow you that honor at the same time, you're basically set for life. That's what happened to Detroit MC Tee Grizzley a few months back, and they have taken that momentum and run with it all the way through the summer and now into autumn with their new inspirational single “Win.”
Backed by their go-to producer Helluva, Grizzley delivers another banger in their trademark style with soothing lulls that set you up for emphatic explosions of energy. It's been a big year for him, with the Helluva-produced cuts “First Day Out” and “From The D To The” with Lil Yachty making major headway and catching the ears of the world. Grizzley took advantage of the newfound fame, dropping one of the best albums of the year in My Moment. Those songs and the stellar debut earned them those asupervisorstioned superstar co-signs and he's kept up their end of the bargain with new bangers like “Beef” with Meek Mill and now “Win.”
Grizzley is taking their show on the road now for their first headlining tour, the Ain't It A Blessing tour, along with OMB Peezy that will take them from coast to coast and everywhere in between. Check out “Win” below.
A former secondary school teacher from Billingborough who downloaded hundreds of pornographic images of children was today (Friday) jailed for two and a half years.
Denis Bresnahan, who has recently been working as a private tutor, also took indecent photographs of a child themselves and distributed images over the internet to other web users, Lincoln Crown Court heard.
Bresnahan set up a number of fake internet accounts using false profile pictures which they used to participate in sexualised chat.
Bresnahan, 67, formerly of Bourne, but now of Houghton Court, Billingborough, admitted three charges of making a total of 3,381 indecent images of children over a five year period up to January this year.
They also admitted distributing and making indecent images of a child, possession of a prohibited image and possession of 131 extreme pornographic images.
Recorder John Hardy QC described Bresnahan as “depraved”.
Lisa Hardy, prosecuting, told Lincoln Crown Court that Bresnahan's internet usage was brought to the attention of police and their then home in Heartsease Way, Bourne, was raided.
Mrs Hardy said: “When the police explained what they were there for they said they might know something of the allegations.”
A computer tower, a lap top and a memory stick were all later examined and the 3,381 indecent images of children were found. These included 907 of the most serious type of which 432 were films.
Mrs Hardy said Bresnahan used a variety of fake internet profiles including that of a middle-aged woman, teenaged girl, younger girls and a young boy.
“Examination of their Skype account showed that they were in communication with a number of other internet users and was sharing and distributing indecent images with others,” they said.
“He was arrested and interviewed. They were asked questions about their Skype accounts and sexualised chats over Skype and they made no comment.”
Michael Phillips, in mitigation, said: “It is about as low they can get. My client is nearly 70 years old and of previous good character.
“He has had a variety of jobs over the course of their life. They were a teacher at a secondary school teaching general science for 15 years. Latterly they have worked as a private tutor for many, many years. It is to their credit that there has never been any suggestion of impropriety.”
They said that Bresnahan suffered from a lack of libido as a result of a medical problem and although they were prescribed medication they turned to pornography.
Mr Phillips said: “He decided they would self-medicate by using pornography. They started using legal pornography before moving into illegal pornography. They started frequenting chatrooms. They were pretending to be a teenage girl in conversations with other people. Their stimulation was in engaging in depraved chat with people online.
“He retired in 2015. That led to an increase in their use of pornography and their use of chatrooms.”
They told the court that Bresnahan stopped using pornography following their arrest and has since sought counselling.
HONG KONG (AP) — A monthly survey shows Chinese factory activity has risen to an eight-month high, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy.
The official purchasing managers' index released Thursday rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month.
Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while those below that figure indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
The China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing's survey found that production, new export orders and overall new orders all increased from the previous month, indicating an uptick in demand.
The latest figures come despite continued tensions between China and the U.S. over the trading relationship between the world's two biggest economies.
Activity in China's increasingly important services sector also expanded. The group's non-manufacturing PMI rose to 54.9 for the month from 54.8 previously.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump promised to make health care more affordable but a government report finds that out-of-pocket costs — deductibles and copayments — would average 61 percent higher under the House Republican bill.
And even though the sticker price for premiums would be lower than under the Obama-era law, what consumers actually pay would edge up on average because government financial assistance would be curtailed.
The report from the Office of the Actuary, a nonpartisan economic unit at the Health and Human Services Department, was released earlier this week with little fanfare.
"It's fascinating," said Chris Sloan, a policy expert with the Avalere Health consulting firm. "They actually think that on average people will be paying more even though the underlying premium is less."
The estimates are for the year 2026, and apply to people who buy their own health insurance policies. That group was a major focus of former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act. Individually-purchased coverage is also key to the GOP's American Health Care Act, which would roll back much of "Obamacare."
The report tracks with findings by the Congressional Budget Office, which said millions more would be uninsured under the Republican legislation, in particular due to Medicaid cuts affecting low-income people. But at first blush the impact appears to be less dramatic. The budget office estimate of 23 million more uninsured in 2026 compares with 13 million projected by the experts at HHS.
However, Sloan said much of the contrast appears due to a fairly technical issue: the two groups of experts make different assumptions about the number of people covered as a result of Obama's law.
The HHS report also finds that the Republican bill would shorten the life of the Medicare hospital trust fund by two years, partly because it repeals a tax on upper-income earners.
In a statement, the Trump administration said the new HHS estimate doesn't take into account other changes proposed by the president, including relief from burdensome regulations and additional health care legislation.
While Trump celebrated passage of the House bill with a Rose Garden ceremony, lately he's told senators it's too "mean," and he's urged lawmakers to spend more money on health care. Republican senators are trying to find a compromise that will let them advance their own version.
The HHS experts projected forward nearly a decade, estimating that sticker-price premiums would average $801 a month in 2026 if the Obama law stays in place.
Under the GOP bill, that gross monthly premium would drop to $695, or about 13 percent less.
Yet financial assistance would also be reduced under House bill, which provides government tax credits based on age, not income. After taking that and other changes into account, net premiums would average $380 under the GOP bill, a little bit more than the $360 a month consumers would pay under current law.
The GOP bill also would eliminate current subsidies that help reduce deductibles and copayments for people of modest incomes. And it would allow insurers to offer plans that cover fewer benefits, among other changes. Both those shifts lead to higher deductibles and copayments.
When all that is factored in, the HHS estimate found that cost-sharing would average $380 a month, 61 percent more than the estimate of $236 under current law.
In a Washington Post interview shortly before taking office, Trump promised "much lower deductibles."
"You can see promise of the lower premiums holding up," said Sloan. "But there is nothing in this proposal that is going to lead to lower deductibles or lower cost-sharing. There is just nothing there."
The HHS report cautioned that averages don't tell the whole story. The impacts would vary widely by age, income, and where a consumer lives. And the cost-sharing average includes people who use their insurance a lot, and people who don't go to the doctor.
___
HHS Office of the Actuary report: https://tinyurl.com/ycc9cmvt
Global Forecast as of 12:00 GMT Tuesday, April 24, 2018
_____
City/Town, Country;Tuesday's Weather Condition;Tuesday's High Temp (C);Tuesday's Low Temp (C);Wednesday's Weather Condition;Wednesday's High Temp (C);Wednesday's Low Temp (C);Wednesday's Wind Direction;Wednesday's Wind Speed (KPH);Wednesday's Humidity (%);Wednesday's Chance of Precip. (%);Wednesday's UV Index
Abidjan, Ivory Coast;Nice with some sun;33;26;A t-storm in spots;32;26;WSW;18;75%;71%;7
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;Mostly sunny, warm;39;25;Mostly sunny, nice;33;25;ESE;18;50%;0%;11
Aleppo, Syria;Sunny;28;15;Mostly cloudy;29;16;E;18;21%;1%;9
Algiers, Algeria;Partly sunny, warm;25;16;A couple of showers;20;14;E;18;77%;96%;4
Amsterdam, Netherlands;Rain and drizzle;14;9;Spotty showers;14;8;WSW;36;74%;82%;5
Anchorage, United States;Breezy with rain;9;3;Rain and snow shower;9;3;SE;14;55%;73%;2
Ashgabat, Turkmenistan;Cooler;22;13;Partly sunny, nice;23;15;ESE;9;46%;9%;9
Astana, Kazakhstan;A little p.m. rain;15;6;Cooler with some sun;10;1;WSW;34;48%;52%;3
Asuncion, Paraguay;Hot with clearing;35;22;Sunny and hot;34;22;ENE;12;47%;10%;6
Athens, Greece;Partly sunny, warm;27;14;Clouds and sun, warm;28;13;SSW;9;42%;0%;9
Auckland, New Zealand;Cloudy with a shower;17;13;Partly sunny;19;11;S;14;67%;1%;4
Baghdad, Iraq;Sunny and nice;29;15;Partly sunny;30;19;ESE;9;30%;25%;10
Banda Aceh, Indonesia;Afternoon showers;33;24;Cloudy, a t-storm;34;24;SSW;8;75%;73%;5
Bangalore, India;A t-storm in spots;33;22;A t-storm in spots;35;22;S;8;46%;55%;14
Bangkok, Thailand;Warm with sunshine;36;28;Partly sunny, warm;36;28;S;12;60%;58%;13
Barcelona, Spain;Mostly sunny, nice;23;15;Clouds and sun, nice;21;15;NNE;14;66%;8%;7
Beijing, China;Partly sunny;23;10;Mostly sunny, nice;25;11;SSW;15;31%;1%;8
Belgrade, Serbia;Severe thunderstorms;27;13;Hazy, a thunderstorm;28;14;SSW;5;56%;59%;7
Berlin, Germany;Cooler with a shower;16;11;Some sun, a t-storm;17;7;W;37;69%;82%;4
Bogota, Colombia;A p.m. t-storm;20;10;Rather cloudy;19;10;SSE;10;71%;44%;8
Brasilia, Brazil;A t-storm in spots;27;15;A t-storm in spots;25;14;E;15;65%;46%;8
Bratislava, Slovakia;Warm with some sun;24;12;Periods of sun, warm;27;15;WSW;10;48%;14%;6
Brussels, Belgium;Spotty showers;15;11;Showers and t-storms;14;6;WSW;21;82%;74%;3
Bucharest, Romania;Clouds and sun, warm;29;13;Hazy and very warm;28;14;WSW;8;54%;8%;7
Budapest, Hungary;Showers and t-storms;26;13;Partly sunny, warm;27;15;SW;12;53%;30%;6
Buenos Aires, Argentina;A strong t-storm;23;20;A morning t-storm;25;20;ENE;7;80%;60%;2
Bujumbura, Burundi;Rather cloudy;30;18;A p.m. t-storm;30;18;ESE;9;50%;80%;4
Busan, South Korea;Rain this morning;17;10;Mostly sunny;20;9;NNE;17;49%;0%;9
Cairo, Egypt;Sunny and pleasant;28;16;Clouds and sun;26;18;NNW;16;36%;70%;11
Cape Town, South Africa;Partly sunny;19;11;Rain and drizzle;20;13;NW;25;69%;86%;3
Caracas, Venezuela;Partial sunshine;29;20;Partly sunny, nice;29;19;ESE;7;60%;30%;13
Chennai, India;Mostly sunny, warm;37;28;Sunshine, very warm;37;28;S;18;60%;2%;13
Chicago, United States;Mostly cloudy;13;5;Sunny intervals;10;2;NNE;23;54%;4%;8
Colombo, Sri Lanka;Turning out cloudy;33;26;A stray p.m. t-storm;32;25;SSW;10;74%;75%;12
Copenhagen, Denmark;A little a.m. rain;12;6;Spotty showers;12;6;W;15;68%;85%;2
Dakar, Senegal;Sunny and pleasant;24;18;Sunny and beautiful;24;19;N;19;82%;0%;13
Dallas, United States;Mostly sunny;28;16;Afternoon rain;22;11;NNW;13;62%;88%;2
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania;Partly sunny, nice;33;23;A shower in spots;31;23;SSW;14;73%;59%;10
Delhi, India;Sunshine and warm;40;25;Hot with hazy sun;42;27;WSW;12;13%;0%;11
Denver, United States;Cloudy, much colder;6;-1;Sunny;18;4;SSW;9;46%;8%;9
Dhaka, Bangladesh;A t-storm around;33;26;A p.m. t-storm;37;22;ESE;12;60%;73%;12
Dili, East Timor;Mostly sunny, warm;36;23;Increasing clouds;33;23;SSE;9;52%;29%;10
Dublin, Ireland;Rain and drizzle;12;5;Spotty showers;12;5;WSW;30;72%;65%;4
Dushanbe, Tajikistan;Cloudy and very warm;28;13;Cooler;21;11;NNE;12;57%;84%;5
Gibraltar, Gibraltar;A heavy p.m. t-storm;20;15;Rain and a t-storm;20;15;WSW;11;80%;88%;3
Hanoi, Vietnam;Rain, a thunderstorm;29;24;Rain, a thunderstorm;25;23;SE;9;87%;77%;3
Harare, Zimbabwe;Sunny and nice;26;10;Sunny and pleasant;25;9;ENE;9;37%;1%;8
Havana, Cuba;Partly sunny;30;21;A heavy p.m. t-storm;28;20;NNE;9;70%;66%;9
Helsinki, Finland;A shower or two;9;3;Spotty showers;9;2;SW;17;86%;69%;2
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam;Partly sunny;35;27;A p.m. t-storm;35;27;SSE;10;67%;63%;10
Hong Kong, China;A downpour;27;21;Cloudy;26;22;E;15;73%;44%;3
Honolulu, United States;A shower or two;28;23;A shower or two;27;23;ENE;25;65%;83%;11
Hyderabad, India;Mostly sunny;40;25;Hazy sun;38;25;SE;8;31%;1%;13
Islamabad, Pakistan;Mostly sunny and hot;35;20;Mostly sunny and hot;36;21;NE;13;29%;25%;10
Istanbul, Turkey;Warm with sunshine;26;15;Warm with some sun;26;15;ENE;10;55%;1%;8
Jakarta, Indonesia;A t-storm in spots;31;24;An afternoon shower;31;25;ESE;9;72%;66%;4
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia;Nice with sunshine;34;25;Plenty of sunshine;34;25;WSW;13;48%;41%;12
Johannesburg, South Africa;Plenty of sunshine;26;11;Sunny and pleasant;26;10;N;9;43%;1%;6
Kabul, Afghanistan;Increasing clouds;27;11;Mostly sunny, nice;25;9;NNW;13;27%;1%;11
Karachi, Pakistan;Sunny, breezy, warm;37;26;Sunny and breezy;35;26;W;24;52%;0%;11
Kathmandu, Nepal;Partly sunny, nice;28;15;Clouds and sun, nice;28;15;ENE;10;41%;32%;11
Khartoum, Sudan;Sun and clouds, warm;42;24;Sunny and very warm;42;24;N;12;7%;0%;13
Kiev, Ukraine;Mostly cloudy;20;9;A p.m. t-storm;22;14;SW;15;53%;65%;4
Kingston, Jamaica;A t-storm in spots;31;25;A t-storm in spots;30;26;ENE;16;67%;58%;11
Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo;A t-storm or two;32;22;A Couple of t-storms;31;23;W;7;77%;83%;9
Kolkata, India;A t-storm around;37;26;A t-storm around;37;26;S;13;53%;43%;12
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia;A t-storm in spots;31;24;Mainly cloudy;33;24;NNE;8;69%;44%;6
La Paz, Bolivia;A t-storm in spots;13;1;A p.m. shower or two;13;1;NE;13;56%;68%;10
Lagos, Nigeria;Partly sunny;33;26;A t-storm around;32;26;WSW;11;68%;55%;7
Lima, Peru;Nice with some sun;23;19;Mostly sunny;23;19;S;11;74%;49%;9
Lisbon, Portugal;Partly sunny;26;14;Partly sunny, nice;22;13;N;19;65%;1%;9
London, United Kingdom;Afternoon rain;15;8;Thundershowers;14;6;WSW;23;64%;66%;4
Los Angeles, United States;Low clouds breaking;24;12;Low clouds, then sun;23;12;SSW;9;66%;1%;9
Luanda, Angola;Variable cloudiness;33;26;A shower;32;26;WSW;10;72%;85%;6
Madrid, Spain;A t-storm in spots;26;14;Sun and clouds, warm;27;14;NE;17;43%;10%;7
Male, Maldives;Partly sunny;31;28;A t-storm or two;32;28;NW;11;73%;82%;9
Manaus, Brazil;A t-storm in spots;29;22;A t-storm in spots;29;23;E;8;78%;79%;10
Manila, Philippines;A stray p.m. t-storm;34;26;A p.m. t-storm;35;26;ESE;10;52%;71%;13
Melbourne, Australia;Windy this morning;25;13;Partly sunny;20;12;NW;9;69%;9%;4
Mexico City, Mexico;A t-storm in spots;25;13;A t-storm in spots;25;13;S;9;42%;55%;14
Miami, United States;A t-storm in spots;30;21;Partly sunny, warm;30;19;W;12;57%;8%;11
Minsk, Belarus;Mostly cloudy;16;6;Showers around;13;7;SW;17;65%;89%;2
Mogadishu, Somalia;A t-storm around;31;26;A t-storm around;31;26;S;12;73%;74%;12
Montevideo, Uruguay;A t-storm in spots;22;18;Showers and t-storms;24;18;ENE;10;73%;62%;4
Montreal, Canada;Inc. clouds;19;8;Cooler, p.m. rain;12;8;ENE;3;74%;95%;2
Moscow, Russia;Milder;13;6;Rain and drizzle;14;7;WSW;13;66%;84%;1
Mumbai, India;Mostly sunny;36;27;Hazy sun;35;26;WNW;15;53%;0%;12
Nairobi, Kenya;Showers and t-storms;20;16;Showers and t-storms;23;17;N;12;85%;79%;7
New York, United States;Increasing clouds;17;11;Periods of rain;14;10;W;16;82%;91%;2
Nicosia, Cyprus;Sunny;28;17;Increasing clouds;30;19;WNW;16;37%;3%;4
Novosibirsk, Russia;Cloudy and mild;13;8;A.M. rain, clearing;15;5;SSW;21;76%;91%;3
Osaka-shi, Japan;Rain;20;15;Low clouds;18;10;NNW;15;68%;25%;2
Oslo, Norway;Variable cloudiness;12;1;Periods of sun;13;0;NNW;7;46%;30%;4
Ottawa, Canada;Mostly cloudy;18;7;Cooler with rain;12;5;ENE;16;79%;96%;1
Pago Pago, American Samoa;A shower or two;29;25;An afternoon shower;29;25;ESE;9;80%;82%;8
Panama City, Panama;A t-storm in spots;32;25;A t-storm in spots;31;25;NW;13;76%;72%;11
Paramaribo, Suriname;A shower or two;29;23;Brief p.m. showers;30;24;ENE;10;80%;88%;9
Paris, France;Partly sunny;22;11;A shower in the a.m.;17;7;WNW;13;74%;59%;2
Perth, Australia;Nice with sunshine;23;13;Sunny and pleasant;24;15;ESE;12;57%;0%;4
Phnom Penh, Cambodia;A stray p.m. t-storm;36;27;A stray p.m. t-storm;35;26;SW;10;66%;82%;7
Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea;Partly sunny;31;24;A t-storm around;32;25;SE;20;72%;74%;5
Port-au-prince, Haiti;A t-storm in spots;32;23;A t-storm in spots;33;23;SE;8;54%;55%;12
Prague, Czech Republic;Sun and clouds;22;12;Windy with some sun;23;11;W;25;40%;38%;5
Pyongyang, North Korea;Decreasing clouds;22;5;Sunny and pleasant;21;5;WNW;9;45%;0%;8
Quito, Ecuador;Periods of rain;20;10;Periods of rain;19;11;W;11;74%;89%;8
Rabat, Morocco;Rain this afternoon;19;13;Spotty showers;20;14;SW;11;79%;75%;7
Recife, Brazil;A shower in the a.m.;29;23;Morning showers;27;24;SE;12;83%;100%;6
Reykjavik, Iceland;Cloudy, p.m. rain;8;4;An afternoon shower;7;3;NNW;9;60%;67%;1
Riga, Latvia;A passing shower;15;7;A passing shower;14;5;WSW;19;57%;66%;2
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil;Mostly sunny;28;22;Nice with sunshine;28;22;ENE;9;71%;36%;6
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia;Partly sunny;32;21;A t-storm in spots;30;22;SSE;18;29%;41%;11
Rome, Italy;Nice with some sun;25;12;Hazy and warm;26;11;SE;10;53%;0%;8
Saint Petersburg, Russia;A little p.m. rain;10;4;A little a.m. rain;10;4;WSW;11;79%;82%;1
San Francisco, United States;Clouds, then sun;18;10;Turning sunny;17;10;WSW;14;77%;1%;8
San Jose, Costa Rica;A t-storm in spots;28;19;A t-storm in spots;27;17;ENE;14;68%;64%;11
San Juan, Puerto Rico;Clouds and sun;28;23;Partly sunny, nice;29;24;ESE;19;70%;56%;12
San Salvador, El Salvador;Partly sunny;25;20;Partly sunny;25;20;NW;8;84%;55%;14
Sana'a, Yemen;Periods of sun;23;12;Partial sunshine;23;14;WNW;8;49%;44%;14
Santiago, Chile;Sunny and pleasant;23;8;Sunny and nice;26;8;SW;4;32%;3%;4
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic;A t-storm in spots;29;22;A t-storm in spots;29;22;E;10;73%;55%;11
São Paulo, Brazil;A t-storm in spots;27;12;Partial sunshine;24;12;NNW;12;68%;1%;8
Seattle, United States;Partly sunny;23;10;Mostly sunny;23;11;NNE;14;46%;2%;6
Seoul, South Korea;A shower in the a.m.;19;6;Sunny and pleasant;22;9;W;7;36%;0%;9
Shanghai, China;Rain and drizzle;16;11;Partly sunny;20;13;E;15;60%;14%;9
Singapore, Singapore;A t-storm in spots;33;27;Afternoon showers;34;27;SSW;13;72%;82%;6
Sofia, Bulgaria;Clouds and sun;27;11;Showers and t-storms;26;11;S;9;58%;82%;8
St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda;Some sun, a shower;29;23;A shower in places;29;23;E;19;72%;79%;12
Stockholm, Sweden;Spotty showers;13;6;A passing shower;14;4;W;13;56%;66%;4
Sydney, Australia;Mostly sunny;24;16;A shower in the a.m.;25;18;WSW;16;68%;66%;4
Taipei City, Taiwan;Showers and t-storms;23;19;Decreasing clouds;25;18;E;12;59%;33%;4
Tallinn, Estonia;A shower;11;5;Spotty showers;8;3;WSW;15;85%;78%;2
Tashkent, Uzbekistan;Cloudy;30;13;Cooler;21;11;E;13;57%;9%;8
Tbilisi, Georgia;Sunshine;20;7;Clearing;18;8;NNE;10;61%;8%;5
Tehran, Iran;Sunshine, pleasant;22;13;Sunlit and nice;23;15;NE;13;29%;5%;10
Tel Aviv, Israel;Sunny and delightful;26;18;Strong p.m. t-storms;21;16;ENE;19;60%;88%;8
Tirana, Albania;Sunshine and warm;27;11;Partly sunny, warm;28;13;E;7;42%;4%;8
Tokyo, Japan;A shower in the p.m.;19;18;Periods of rain;23;15;ENE;22;80%;70%;4
Toronto, Canada;Rain and drizzle;11;5;Rain;9;4;NNW;18;83%;100%;2
Tripoli, Libya;Becoming cloudy;27;17;Partly sunny;29;19;ESE;15;36%;0%;9
Tunis, Tunisia;Sunshine and warm;30;18;Clouds and sun, warm;29;17;ESE;19;39%;9%;9
Ulan Bator, Mongolia;Plenty of sunshine;20;2;Mostly sunny, mild;18;0;N;14;25%;1%;7
Vancouver, Canada;Partly sunny;20;10;Mostly sunny;22;13;NNE;8;34%;0%;6
Vienna, Austria;Warm with some sun;24;11;Clouds and sun, warm;27;14;W;8;43%;10%;6
Vientiane, Laos;Mostly sunny, warm;38;25;Partly sunny;35;25;ESE;9;56%;69%;12
Vilnius, Lithuania;Mostly cloudy;15;7;Afternoon rain;11;4;WSW;14;65%;88%;2
Warsaw, Poland;Turning cloudy;21;10;Showers/thunderstorm;23;9;W;21;52%;87%;2
Wellington, New Zealand;Mostly sunny;16;11;Partly sunny;18;13;N;17;71%;2%;3
Yangon, Myanmar;Warm with sunshine;39;25;Mostly sunny;38;26;W;11;44%;39%;12
Yerevan, Armenia;Mostly sunny;19;6;Sunshine and nice;21;8;NE;6;38%;3%;9
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Celsius
With a cease-fire declared Wednesday, Israel and Hamas appear to have pulled back from a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes. But the situation could explode at any moment.
Tuesday's fighting was the heaviest since a 2014 war, with Palestinian militants firing scores of rockets and mortars into Israel, and Israel carrying out dozens of airstrikes in Gaza.
Both sides appeared to have accomplished some short-term goals. But the underlying issues that helped fuel the fighting remain in place.
Hamas, weakened by a decade-long blockade of Gaza, remains defiant and in distress. A confident Israel appears unrestrained by the United States or its Middle Eastern neighbors. Palestinian militants still have an arsenal of rockets and could potentially inflict damage or casualties in Israel, followed by Israeli retaliation.
Here's a look at the current state of play and potential for escalation.
———
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Eleven years after seizing control of Gaza from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Hamas is in trouble.
Gaza's economy has been battered by an Israeli-Egyptian blockade, imposed to prevent the group from arming. Three wars with Israel have brought widespread destruction, and the Islamic militant group has no close international allies to bail it out.
Frustrated with their inability to regain control of Gaza, Abbas has stepped up economic pressure on Hamas by cutting the electricity supply and reducing the salaries to tens of thousands of former civil servants in Gaza.
Running out of options and rejecting calls to disarm, Hamas has led a series of weekly mass protests along the Israeli border during the past two months to draw attention to Gaza's poor conditions and pressure Israel to ease the blockade.
Israel has fired live bullets and tear gas to break up the protests and prevent a mass breach of the border fence, killing over 110 Palestinians, the vast majority unarmed. Some of the Palestinian protesters hurled fire bombs, burned tires or tried to breach the fence, undermining Hamas' claims that the protests were entirely peaceful.
Israel says Hamas is responsible for the bloodshed, and accuses the group of using the demonstrations as a cover for attacks.
Still, Israel has come under heavy international criticism for its use of deadly force. But the protests have not succeeded in easing the blockade.
————
HOW DID THINGS ESCALATE?
Earlier this week, Israel carried out a pair of deadly strikes on military posts belonging to Hamas and the smaller Islamic Jihad militant group, contending militants planted explosives and tried to break through the border to carry out an attack. Four militants were killed.
Early Tuesday, Islamic Jihad retaliated by firing a barrage of mortar fire into southern Israel near the Gaza border. Hamas later fired rockets for the first time since the 2014 war ended with an informal cease-fire.
The cross-border exchange lasted throughout the night, but both sides showed restraint. Israel targeted empty Palestinian military training and weapons sites, while the militants avoided use of powerful longer-range rockets capable of striking deeper into Israel. Both were signs that neither side wants to go to war.
———
WHAT DID EACH SIDE ACCOMPLISH?
The Palestinian militants, who accuse Israel of violating the terms of the 2014 cease-fire by targeting their military observation posts, believe they sent a powerful reminder that they still possess arsenals capable of disrupting the lives of hundreds of thousands of Israelis on the other side of the border.
"Israel used to initiate the strikes and end them unilaterally and impose new rules," said Adnan Abu Amer, an independent analyst in Gaza. "This time the resistance took the initiative. ... The resistance came out from this round in a superior position."
From Israel's perspective, the military delivered a measured, but powerful response that made Hamas realize quickly that fighting is not in its interest. Israel did not signal that it is willing to ease the blockade.
———
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
While Israel's military and the Palestinian militant groups flexed their muscles, little was resolved.
Any time Hamas or Islamic Jihad resort to firing rockets, they risk triggering a fierce Israeli response, especially if there are serious casualties on the Israeli side.
Israel's "Iron Dome" rocket defense system intercepted dozens of incoming projectiles on Tuesday. But the system is not fail-safe. One mortar shell landed next to an Israeli kindergarten shortly before it opened, and four Israelis were wounded by Palestinian fire.
It was not immediately clear if Islamic Jihad, a much smaller, Iran-backed militant group, acted independently Tuesday or at least had the tacit blessing of Hamas. At times, Islamic Jihad has pursued objectives that differ from those of Hamas.
Israel, meanwhile, appears to have made progress in defusing long-term threats posed by Hamas. Its air defenses have largely mitigated the rocket threat, and its military has made great progress in destroying Hamas' system of attack tunnels along the border.
The Trump administration has shielded Israel from critics in Europe and the human rights community who say Israel's open-fire orders are illegal because they allow deadly force even when soldiers are not in life-threatening situations.
Israel has quietly forged good behind-the-scenes ties with Egypt and Gulf Arab states that have little empathy for Hamas, an offshoot of the regional Muslim Brotherhood movement.
But Israel's apparent military and diplomatic advantage does not solve the underlying problem of having a volatile, impoverished territory on its doorstep. Many analysts and members of the international community believe it is only a matter of time before Gaza boils over again as long as the blockade remains in place.
That could happen sooner than later. Next Tuesday, Hamas plans another mass protest along the border.
———
Associated Press writer Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, contributed to this report.
An unofficial tally of NFL teams represented at NC State's pro day was 23, and odds are good that did not include every squad that was actually there. There were enough scouts that two bleachers were not enough to seat them all when the 40-yard dash was being run.
The NFL Network was also in attendance, including its star draft analyst Mike Mayock. Sports Illustrated sent writer Jonathan Jones. The Indianapolis Star had a Colts beat writer there to watch Bradley Chubb.
Yet one person's presence grabbed stood above the rest — New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick. They were joined by their defensive line coach Brendan Daly, who happens to be an old teammate of NC State head coach Dave Doeren at Drake.
Belichick did not try to blend in either. They closely observed all four of NC State's defensive linemen — Chubb, B.J. Hill, Justin Jones and Kentavius Street — and offered their own coaching tips along the way. Belichick also closely observed running backs Nyheim Hines and Jaylen Samuels. Former NC State pros Dewayne Washington and Torry Holt and current Arizona Cardinals quarterback Mike Glennon were also there.
It was all part of a festive pro day for NC State, which had seven players invited to the NFL combine and even more pro prospects getting their chances Monday.
It's a day that Doeren envisioned for their program.
“Instead of having to talk about what you want to be able to do, it's the ability to show it,” Doeren said. “Even our team is watching these guys train with Coach Belichick, the best in the business, watching them. I think it just adds credibility to what we're talking about. That's what it all is.
“You don't want to have to explain a blueprint to people that you can't visually show them. … This is proof.”
Aside from program development, Doeren also watched as a proud dad of sorts. They saw a group of seniors and juniors that have brought into the culture they have been hoping to establish.
“It's very rewarding,” Doeren added. “Our culture, we talk about really un-entitling people and teaching them the value of earning what you're going to get because that's how life is. No one gives you anything.”
“For me it's like a proud dad standing there looking watching your son and seeing them really take advantage of their skillset and the opportunities that they've had,” they later added. “Opportunities are not given, they're earned.”
This year's NFL Draft is April 26-28 at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, home of the Dallas Cowboys.
The Wolfpacker will have more from NC State's pro day, including comments from Chubb, Hill, Hines and Samuels.
Rural crime cost Lincolnshire a staggering £2.5m in 2016, up five per cent from £2.4m in 2015.
The figures form part of NFU Mutual's annual Rural Crime Report, published today, revealing that despite the UK seeing a 4 per cent drop last year, the cost of rural theft has risen sharply in the first half of 2017.
According to NFU Mutual's 2017 Rural Crime Report, early theft claims statistics for the first half of this year show a sharp rise of over 20 per cent nationally, raising concerns that a new wave of rural crime is hitting the countryside.
The items most commonly targeted by thieves across Lincolnshire over the last 12 months were ATV (all terrain vehicles) and quad bikes, tools and 4x4s.
Sue Green, NFU Mutual Senior Agent in Lincolnshire, said: “Although the figures for rural crime in Lincolnshire are down, countryside criminals continue to become more brazen and farmers are now having to continually increase security and adopt new ways of protecting their equipment.
“In some parts of the county, farmers are having to turn their farmyards into fortresses to protect themselves from repeated thieves who are targeting quads, tractors and power tools. They are using tracking devices on tractors, video and infra-red surveillance in their farmyards and even DNA markers to protect sheep from rustlers.”
The report reveals that being ‘staked out' is the biggest worry for country people, followed closely by longer police response times in rural areas, according to the leading rural insurer. Criminals continue to target Land Rover Defenders, quad bikes, tractors, tools and livestock despite increased security on farms.
Sue added: “The threat of becoming a victim of rural crime, and regular reports of suspicious characters watching farms is causing high levels of anxiety amongst farmers who know their rural location makes them vulnerable to attacks.
“Our advice to people living and working in the countryside is to regularly evaluate your current security measures making improvements where necessary, remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the local police.”
• For more information and advice on how to beat rural crime in your area, view and download the report at www.nfumutual.co.uk/ruralcrime
Transcript for Alexandria residents say they called 911 after hearing gunshots
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Tango and Cash will be reunited on the big screen and we all have Guardians Of The Galaxy to thank for it. Chris Pratt confirmed Sly Stallone's appearance in the film on Jimmy Kimmel Live during the cast sit down, trying to figure out what they can and cannot say about the film ahead of its release. After some goading and a few jokes by Kurt Russell — a guy who seems very excited about this movie — Pratt made their confirmation about the news. Still no word on if Frank Stallone can appear on the soundtrack, but we're all holding out hope.
I don't know if actually going to be playing Starhawk, but why not? It's better than tossing them in a role that they might not come back for and plays a part in some later movie. And if they do come back, possibly due to their exodus from The Expendables franchise, the role is there for the taking.
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that they will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
They said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but they did not directly talk about it either.
They said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. They assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
They said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. They said Trump sent them to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
They added that their nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Politics
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
An Uber vehicle in autonomous driving mode hit and killed a woman in Tempe, AZ, in the first known pedestrian fatality involving the self-driving technology.
Uber has temporarily stopped its self-driving operations in Tempe and all other cities where it has been testing its vehicles, including Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto.
An Uber car in autonomous driving mode struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, AZ, on Monday, in the first known pedestrian fatality involving the self-driving technology, as reported by our sister site CNET. Uber has since temporarily stopped its self-driving operations in Tempe and all other cities where it has been testing its vehicles, including Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto.
The vehicle was in autonomous mode at the time of the accident, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel, according to a statement from the Tempe police.
More about autonomous vehicles Special report: Tech and the future of transportation (free PDF) This ebook, based on the latest special feature from ZDNet and TechRepublic, looks at emerging autonomous transport technologies and how they will affect society and the future of business. Read more
The female victim walking outside of the crosswalk crossed Curry Road in Tempe, and was struck by the Uber car, the police said in the statement. They were transported to a local hospital, where they passed away from their injuries.
SEE: IT leader's guide to the future of autonomous vehicles (Tech Pro Research)
The investigation is still active, and Uber is assisting, the police said in the statement.
"Our hearts go out to the victim's family," an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. "We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
"Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted on Monday. "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
This is the first known pedestrian fatality from a self-driving car. However, autonomous vehicles have been involved in a number of other accidents, including backing into a delivery truck in Las Vegas and getting hit by another car whose human driver did not yield in Tempe, both in 2017.
In May 2016, a Tesla driver was killed in an accident while the car was operating in its semi-autonomous Autopilot mode. A US Department of Transportation investigation did not identify any defects in design or performance of the Autopilot system.
The pedestrian fatality could have immediate implications for the rollout of self-driving taxis and delivery vehicles, which are predicted by many to be the first widespread applications of self-driving technology. It could mean that progress is slowed until more regulations are in place.
The accident could also impact discussions around how autonomous vehicles will change auto insurance. KPMG estimates that the technology will lead to an 80% drop in accident frequency by 2040, and that providers will need to shift from covering the car itself to the software of the car. It remains to be seen how coverage of accidents like this may change.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You Can Use newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
New York (AP) — Coffee futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Monday:
(37,500 lbs.; cents per lb.)
CROZET, Va. (AP) — Republican members of Congress with medical experience put their skills to work after a train carrying dozens of them crashed into a garbage truck in rural Virginia, killing one person in the truck and injuring others.
The members of congress were on their way to a strategy retreat in the countryside when the collision occurred around 11:20 a.m. Wednesday in Crozet, about 125 miles (200 kilometers) southwest of Washington.
No serious injuries were reported aboard the chartered Amtrak train, which set out from the nation's capital with lawmakers, family members and staff for the luxury Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia. At least two other people in the truck were reported seriously hurt.
Rep. James Comer of Kentucky said about 100 Republican lawmakers were on the train when the crash made them jump out of their seat.
"I looked out the side of the window and then I could see a truck, just in pieces out the side of the window," Comer said. They said Capitol police officers quickly jumped off the train but came back and asked for any doctors to help.
Florida Rep. Neal Dunn, a former Army surgeon, said they and other lawmakers who are doctors joined other passengers who are nurses or paramedics and jumped out with the basic medical gear they had. They broke into three teams to help the injured people in the truck, they said.
"The first gentleman was somebody who had really, really, really devastating injuries. We did try to resuscitate, but ultimately you had to realize it wasn't possible," Dunn said. They said another man in the truck was critically injured and a third was seriously hurt.
Rep. Phil Roe, a doctor from Tennessee, said the truck driver was killed instantly.
Sen. Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and their wife, both doctors, were among those who came to the rescue. They said they helped a man from the truck who was badly injured.
"My role was quite simple: I picked up their feet so the blood in their feet would go to their heart and their brain," Cassidy said.
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona said seeing the lawmakers tending to the injured reminded them of the shooting of Rep. Steve Scalise at a GOP baseball practice last June.
"I thought then I never want to experience a day like this again," Flake said. "Unfortunately, it came too soon."
Authorities gave no details on the cause of the wreck, which took place at a crossing protected by gates, flashing lights, bells and warning signs. The National Transportation Safety Board sent a team to investigate and would spend several days at the site, spokesperson Earl Weener said Wednesday night.
Benny Layne, on whose property the truck landed, said the crossing arms had been known to malfunction, sometimes coming down even though no train was approaching. Sometimes, they said, they stayed down for hours.
They said motorists would get out of their cars to help guide other motorists around the malfunctioning arms so they could cross the tracks.
"A guy was up here just yesterday or the day before taking a look at them," they said.
Carrie Brown, human resources manager at Buckingham Branch Railroad, which leases the stretch of track and is responsible for maintenance, said they were unaware of any problems with equipment at the crossing. At a Wednesday night news conference, Weener said signal experts would be looking at the safety of the crossing.
Officials gave varying figures on the number hurt. But Amtrak said two crew members and three passengers were taken to a hospital with minor injuries.
Minnesota Rep. Jason Lewis' staff tweeted that the first-term member of congress was among those taken to the hospital and was later discharged after suffering a concussion. Others aboard the train reported bumps, bruises and sore joints.
The GOP policy retreat, an annual event, was scheduled to last three days and feature speeches from President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence. By early afternoon, lawmakers were boarding buses to resume their trip.
Later Wednesday, Pence told Republicans at the party retreat that they know "it's been a harrowing day for all of you." Pence, a former House member, said they have fond memories of the retreat and the train rides back and forth. "Just know our hearts are with you," they said.
Pence was the featured speaker Wednesday night at the GOP retreat. Trump was to address lawmakers Thursday.
Other doctor-lawmakers who assisted included Reps. Michael Burgess of Texas, Phil Roe of Tennessee, Larry Bucshon of Indiana and Roger Marshall of Kansas, according to those aboard.
House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin was on the train and was unhurt, aides said.
___
Fram reported from Washington. AP reporters Denise Lavoie and Sarah Rankin in Richmond, Virginia; Adam Beam in Frankfort, Kentucky; Terry Spencer in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Melinda Deslatte in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Martha Waggoner in Raleigh, North Carolina; and Andrew Taylor in Washington contributed to this report.
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Intellectual Property law firm Marshall Gerstein today announced the opening of a new office near Research Triangle Park in Raleigh, North Carolina, its first office outside of Chicago.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005183/en/
Marshall Gerstein biotechnology partner Joshua T. Elliott will head the firm's Raleigh office. (Photo: Business Wire)
“We're excited about taking this next step in Research Triangle Park – an area known as the nation's leading high-technology research and science park,” managing partner Jeffrey S. Sharp said. “Over the past 63 years, we've built our firm's reputation on being the best at understanding the hard science behind our clients' innovations and how to use that knowledge to help them achieve their business goals. Having an office in such an important hub of innovation feels like a natural fit for us.”
Sharp continued: “In fact, we've been serving clients in this area for quite some time, but this new office will allow us to expand our existing capabilities and position us to better serve the growing demand for intellectual property legal services in the region.”
Marshall Gerstein biotechnology partner Joshua T. Elliott will head the Raleigh office. Elliott focuses their practice on patent law matters related to biochemistry and biotechnology, including advising and counseling clients on issues such as freedom-to-operate, infringement, validity, and design-around strategies.
To start, Sharp and four additional Marshall Gerstein attorneys will split their time between Chicago and the new office: Michael P. Furmanek, chair of the firm's industrial and mechanical technologies practice; Julie M. Watson, special counsel in the firm's IP transactions practice; Randall G. Rueth, chair of the firm's electrical and computer technologies practice; and Matthew R. Carey, partner in the electrical and computer technologies practice.
The office is located at 555 Fayetteville Street, Suite 300, Raleigh, North Carolina.
About Marshall, Gerstein & Borun LLP
Marshall, Gerstein & Borun LLP is exclusively focused on intellectual property law. The firm provides sophisticated intellectual property advice and legal services to many of the world's largest, most innovative businesses, research institutions, universities, and entrepreneurs. Chambers & Partners has ranked Marshall, Gerstein as “first-rate for litigation,” and “one of the best biotechnology practices in the entire country.” Corporate Counsel magazine lists the Firm as a “Go-To Law Firm of the Top 500 Companies” for intellectual property and litigation. The Firm is also ranked as a top intellectual property law firm by Managing IP, Fortune, Intellectual PropertyToday, and Intellectual Asset Management magazines. Learn more at www.marshallip.com and www.PTABWatch.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005183/en/
CONTACT: Marshall, Gerstein & Borun LLP
Kristina Bencak, 312-474-9503
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS NORTH CAROLINA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES LEGAL OTHER SCIENCE SCIENCE
SOURCE: Marshall, Gerstein & Borun LLP
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:12 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:12 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005183/en
BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) -- Oregon State coach Wayne Tinkle said a few kind words to California center Kingsley Okoroh before their game Saturday and lived to regret it.
''I congratulated them for all the work he's put in,'' Tinkle said. ''I probably should have kept my mouth shut.''
Okoroh played perhaps the best game of their career, scoring 14 points and grabbing 12 rebounds for their first career double-double, and the Golden Bears ended a nine-game Pac-12 losing streak with a 74-70 win over the Beavers.
Okoroh, a senior from England, made six straight free throws in the final six minutes to help secure the Bears' first victory since Dec. 30 at Stanford. A 54-percent career free throw shooter, Okoroh finished 12 of 14 from the line. They also had five blocked shots.
Cal (8-16, 2-9) made just 9 of 20 free throws in a loss to Oregon Thursday, but converted 29 of 39 against OSU.
''Coach made us shoot free throws for 30 minutes straight (Friday in practice). It paid off today,'' said Okoroh, who maintained players weren't concerned they were close to equaling the program's longest-ever losing streak of 10 games in 1961-62.
''I didn't pay any attention to that,'' they said. ''We've just been preaching positive energy and we've competed in all the games. It felt good.''
First-year coach Wyking Jones was relieved.
''To say we needed that one is an understatement,'' they said. ''I'm just very happy for our guys. Throughout all the losses, throughout all the tough breaks, they've been able to continue to fight and continue to stay together.''
The Beavers (11-11, 3-7) lost for the fourth straight game and the sixth time in seven outings. They have dropped 19 straight road games over the past two seasons.
OSU led by 10 points early, but Tinkle said players got away from what was working.
Kim Kyung Jae was 19 years old when they fled south to take shelter as the Korean War broke out in 1950, leaving behind a younger sister they haven't seen since.
Their decision to flee is one they say he's regretted ever since.
Now 87, Kim Kyung Jae knows their opportunities for a reunion are limited.
Korea Pool Photo/AP,FILE
After more than 60 years of separation, they found out last week a lottery precipitated by the thawing relationship between North and South Korea will not provide their chance.
The two governments announced they will allow a precious few 100 separated families to reunite at Mount Kumgang in North Korea next month. The reunions will come over a one-week period starting on Aug. 20. The chance of a reunion is small: 56,890 people in the South applied to see loved ones in the North. The list was eventually whittled down to 250 people, as announced by South Korea's Red Cross.
The North's Red Cross exchanged its own list of 200 people on Tuesday and the final 100 families scheduled to meet at the August reunion will be decided based on availability.
The tens of thousands in South Korea who didn't make the list of candidates, people like Kim Kyung Jae, found out last Monday they were out of luck.
Kim Kyung Jae, who leads a civilian organization that tries to connect separated families in North Korea through handwritten letters, doesn't know if they will ever see their sister again.
"I hold little hope for the opportunity," Kim, who turned 87 years old this January, told ABC News. "We, separated family members, say getting picked for the reunion at Mount Kumgang is harder than winning the lottery. I cannot explain how grateful I will be if I'm given the chance."
No one expected the division of the two Koreas to last over 60 years. When they lost their family members in the ravages of war, many thought it would be a temporary separation.
Kim Byung Sam, a high schooler at the time, recalled United Nations soldiers guiding the townspeople to vacate their town for just one week. That one week turned out to be an eternity.
"Villagers did not care to fix their windows or doors, because they believed in going back to their hometown up North," said Park Hyung Sook, who came to the South with their parents as a child.
Park was only 3 years old when their family took refuge in a small fishing village in the South. I parents, who spent their later years longing for their hometown and relatives in North, died of old age.
For the separated families, time is literally running out.
More than 20 percent of those alive are already over 90 years old. Separated family members in their 80s account for 41.4 percent, while those in their 70s form 22.4 percent of the total 56,890 separated, according to South Korea's Unification Ministry.
Yonhap/EPA/REX/Shutterstock
Kim Jin Sub, 83, has given up hope they will meet their relatives in North Korea.
"I wish to step on my hometown soil for one last time," Kim Jin Sub told ABC News. "Most of my memory of relatives has faded already. I'm barely holding onto my dim recollection of my town, the waters, trees and the atmosphere."
Korea Pool Photo/AP,FILE
The first family reunion for separated families took place in August 2000, following the first inter-Korean summit by then-South Korean president Kim Dae-jung and late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il. A total of 20 reunion events have taken place since.
If the next family reunion goes as planned, it will happen two years and 10 months since the last reunion in October 2015.
"I want to meet my younger sister and brother in my hometown just like the old days," Kim Byung Sam said. "It is not long till I die. What else can I pray for?"
ABC News' Jaesang Lee contributed to this report.
Shutterstock
In a year that was otherwise mostly devastating, the holidays are supposed to be a fun time, filled with familial love and ginger-flavored food items (my favorite!). However, every family has that kid who's just discovered Bright Eyes and now considers themselves “too cool” for more traditional gifts like video games or sweaters. In an attempt to help make shopping for that person easier, we've compiled a diverse list of items that are just cool enough to fit the bill.
Vibes Hi-Fidelity Earplugs
Vibes
Perfect for catching a show in a basement or a bar, the Vibes Hi-Fidelity Earplugs simply lower the volume of the live music environment, rather than blocking and muffling sounds like traditional earplugs. Therefore, you're still able you to hear everything around you clearly, it's all just a bit quieter! Each set comes with three interchangeable eartips that allow a comfortable fit for ears of any shape, and a small plastic carrying case. Additionally, for each set purchased, Vibes is donating to the Hear The World Foundation, an organization providing hearing healthcare to children in need across the world. These earplugs provide almost professional-grade quality, and are very moderately priced at $23.99. Pick up a pair here.
Washed Up Emo's The Anthology Of Emo: Volume One Book
Washed Up Emo
To celebrate ten years of their site Washed Up Emo, Atlantic Records executive Tom Mullen put together an informative companion and one-stop-shop guide to the emo genre to, according to Mullen, “hopefully give you a wider sense and appreciation for the word and the genre as a whole.” Priced at a modest $19.99, The Anthology Of Emo: Volume One features interviews with the Dashboard Confessional's Chris Carrabba, American Football's Mike Kinsella, and many others. Additionally, the 376-page book also features rare and never-before-seen photos from throughout the last decade. Order it here.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) -- Tre'Shaun Fletcher had 23 points, nine rebounds and five assists, Jaelan Sanford added 18, seven, and five, and Toledo beat Akron 55-36 on Saturday.
Fletcher and Sanford each hit three 3-pointers for Toledo (16-7, 8-2 Mid-American Conference), which had its season-high seven-game winning streak snapped on Tuesday against Ball State. Fletcher is the lone player in the MAC's top 10 for points, rebounds and assists at 18.6 points (second), 8.5 rebounds (third) and 4.2 assists (fourth).
The Rockets, who have won seven of their last eight away from Savage Arena, lead the MAC's West Division and Buffalo sits atop the East.
Toledo opened the second half on a 20-9 run - with eight points by Sanford - for a 19-point advantage.
Daniel Utomi led Akron (10-12, 3-7) with 17 points. Virshon Cotton chipped in 12 and Jimond Ivey scored 10. The Zips were 2 of 7 from the free-throw line.
In the wake of the deaths in Charlottesville, around 100 protestors turned out last night at Elmwood and Bidwell. Protestors say they were there in solidarity with those in the Virginia university city who were protesting a White supremacist event.
WBFO's Mike Desmond reports.
Italian tourist Simone was there with a friend because they have seen this before, back home.
"Many years ago, we experienced these kinds of situations, several times in the past, like in about 30 years and it's still happening," Simone told WBFO News.
"So, if we can help fighting every symptom of fascism and nazism, we will be there."
Another protester, Kathleen Falconer, targeted the comments made by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
"He didn't even call it domestic terrorism. They just called it a racial incident. Call it what it was. It was a racist attack on a group of protestors. It's just terrible."
Some in the audience were holding President Trump accountable, saying that they have created a climate which makes racist speech acceptable.
"There's right and wrong and when you have people that are promoting this stuff, they are absolutely wrong and the president of the United States needs to say that in unequivocal terms," said Pastor George Nicholas of the Concerned Clergy Coalition.
"There aren't many sides to this."
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Transcript for The FAA is investigating an apparent close-call between a drone and a passenger plane
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee has indefinitely postponed a confirmation hearing for Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, President Donald Trump's nominee to be Veterans Affairs Secretary after questions were raised about their professional conduct as a military doctor.Jackson was scheduled to have a confirmation hearing Wednesday but the new concerns about their conduct threaten to delay, or possibly derail, their nomination to be secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, sources on Capitol Hill and at the White House tell ABC News.Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, a Georgia Republican, and ranking member Sen. Jon Tester, a Montana Democrat, issued a joint statement saying the postponement comes "in light of new information presented to the committee. We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation. We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."Isakson and Tester said they have sent a letter to President Trump requesting all information regarding any improper conduct pertaining to Rear Admiral Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit and as physician to the president.When Tester was asked whether the White House should have informed the committee of the allegations before or when it submitted Jackson's name, they responded, "I don't know what process they go through under vetting but it's our job to vet these candidates. We are doing that, once we come to a conclusion, whether he's fit to serve or not, then we'll move forward with the hearing."Jackson, who is currently President Donald Trump 's personal White House physician, has also faced questions about their limited management experience and overall qualification to head the second-largest agency in the federal government.Despite the new concerns, the White House publicly backed Jackson Wednesday morning.Deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley said in a statement, "Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country. He's served as the physician to three Presidents-Republican and Democrat-and been praised by them all."Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve," the statement said."I've been in leadership school for 23 years now, and I've been able to rise to the level of an admiral, a flag officer in the Navy. I didn't just stumble into that," Jackson said this month in an interview with their hometown newspaper, the Lubbock (Texas) Avalanche-Journal. "I think I've got what it takes, and you know, I don't buy into that argument at all."Trump nominated Jackson last month after they fired their first VA secretary, David Shulkin, amid allegations Shulkin misused taxpayer funds and faced growing tension with other senior Trump staff.Veterans groups last month were cautious in their judgment after Jackson was nominated by Trump. The Veterans of Foreign Wars were just one group which was critical of the nomination and said it was unsure of Jackson's qualifications."The VFW will be closely monitoring the Senate confirmation process, because what Dr. Jackson's bio does not reflect is any experience working with the VA or with veterans, or managing any organization of size, much less one as multifaceted as the Department of Veterans Affairs," VFW Director of Communications Joe Davis said in a statement.The conservative group Concerned Veterans for America expressed more optimism, saying in a statement, "We are hopeful that this change will end the recent distractions at the VA and put the focus back on advancing policy."
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Zeevo Group LLC (“Zeevo”), a business, finance and information technology consulting services firm, today announced that the company has recently been engaged in two notable assignments with new global clients, namely: program management for an implementation of a cloud-based financial system for a technology company; and internal audit support and project management for an implementation of an audit management software package for a real estate investment trust.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006085/en/
Zeevo will help you launch and mature effective EA functions, build organizational capabilities and improve speed and relevance by providing a critical set of actionable leading practices and supporting tools, and templates for effective implementation across all core EA activities. (Photo: Business Wire)
Facing a rapidly changing market and high-growth stakes, the client organizations have elected to select Zeevo to assist because of the team's best suited experience and skillset to provide the necessary insights to make real-time, data-driven decisions that will deliver concrete operational improvements.
The cloud-based financial system implementation is destined to provide agility to scale and build the client's accounting organization to support the business and provide real-time visibility into analysis and insights required to meet the expanding customer and market demands.
The accounting and operational audit projects are focused on managing the client's internal audits, implementing the new software, and creating and updating the related operating procedures and training.
“We are very excited to embark on these two new projects,” said Zeevo Group Principal Joey Johnsen. “Our clients are able to leverage our team's unrivalled expertise and best-in-class tools that are critical to a successful implementation of accounting and operational systems for businesses.”
The client assignments coincide with Zeevo's recognition by CIOReview, an international technology magazine, as one of the most promising companies at the forefront of providing enterprise architecture solutions and impacting the marketplace. In an interview with the magazine, Johnsen discussed the enterprise architecture's increasing prominence over the past few years and how the enterprise solutions are redefining the business goals of enterprises tomorrow.
Johnsen reacted to the acknowledgment by emphasizing that “Zeevo was born from an idea to help bridge the gap in the market for outsourced technology solutions and enterprise software development that specifically support complex, global operations.”
Since its founding in 2015, Zeevo has continually evolved the suite of advisory services to deliver products and solutions for revenue and finance operations that assist a broad range of clients representing such key industries as aircraft leasing, technology, and consumer products.
“We are dedicated to being a leading provider of comprehensive solutions that ensure the effectiveness of our clients' processes, policies, tools, and technology. CIOReview 's recognition only further solidifies Zeevo's stalwart commitment to building successful platforms that manage vast volumes of information in an integrated and efficient way, while enhancing our clients' operational performance,” added Johnsen.
To read CIOReview 's interview with Johnsen, please visit the company website at zeevogroup.com.
About Zeevo Group LLC
Zeevo Group LLC ("Zeevo") provides business, finance and information technology consulting services and products to a broad range of clients representing such key industries as aircraft leasing, technology and consumer products. www.zeevogroup.com
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006085/en/
CONTACT: Zeevo Group LLC
Catie Anaya, Direct: +1 760 933 8607
canaya@zeevogroup.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: DEPARTMENT STORES TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT INTERNET SOFTWARE TRANSPORT AIR MANUFACTURING AEROSPACE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING CONSULTING FINANCE RETAIL
SOURCE: Zeevo Group LLC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 12:28 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 12:28 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006085/en
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
AMSTERDAM (AP) — Hordes of tourists are derailing daily life in parts of historic Amsterdam. Visitors clog the city's narrow streets. Stores catering only to tourists edge out shops for locals.
Every weekend, the heart of the city is overrun by foreigners in strip joints and seedy bars. They gawk at prostitutes in the red-light district and jam cafes where marijuana is permitted.
It's not just tourists on budget airlines, staying at cheap hostels and hotels. Add crowds of day-trippers from cruise ships and Airbnb guests dragging suitcases along cobbled streets.
But the city is pushing back. Changes Amsterdam has enacted or is considering: halting hotel construction; banning "beer bikes," which are pedal-powered bars; shifting the cruise ship terminal out of the city center and outlawing new shops for tourists in some areas.
Deep Silver/Sega/Aspyr
Every week, there are more games for more systems than ever before. So, every week, we pick five games worth your time and money to play this week. Starting with the GI Joe game we all wanted but never quite got.
Pick Of The Week: Agents Of Mayhem, Tuesday ($60, PS4, Xbox One and PC)
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
If you dearly remember the postmodern commentary and utter hilarious carnage of the Saints Row series, it's back, sort of, in a game paying tribute to the Saturday morning action cartoons of yore and set in one of the many alternate realities that spawned from Saints Row IV‘s insane ending. Pick a squad of quasi-military borderline superheroes, each with unique weapons, gear, and superpowers ranging from lightning strikes to stuffing people in your giant balls, and fight the evil forces of Legion by blowing things up. You know, for freedom!
Because freedom means explosions, didn't you learn anything from Michael Bay?
Sonic Mania, Tuesday ($20, PS4, Xbox One, and Switch)
Yes, Sonic is returning to their roots with Sonic Mania, a 2D platformer like the classic games of yore, when the inexplicably quick blue hedgehog blasted their way through loop-de-loops and collected rings instead of fighting their Glock-toting evil clone. The goal is to completely replicate the experience, right down to the animation and pixel graphics, and the result should be interesting. If nothing else, it'll be a nice throwback to the '90s. And hey, speaking of Sega and the '90s…
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Inbee Park's 12th U.S. Women's Open already stands out for a gloomy reason: the rain-soaked course at Shoal Creek.
The picturesque course in suburban Birmingham had been drenched by nearly five inches of rain this week as of Wednesday afternoon, with the effects of Subtropical Storm Alberto adding onto earlier rains.
"This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women's Open," said Park, a Korean who won in 2008 and 2013. "We just don't know what's going to happen.
"Coming into the U.S. Women's Open, I always try to play the ball with the mud or try to play with like a wet ground condition because we've never played lift, clean and place. We just play from wherever it is and however the condition is."
Practice rounds were canceled Tuesday and the course closed, other than some late-afternoon trips to the driving range. More rain followed overnight and into Wednesday on the eve of the major championship , when the course finally reopened by early afternoon in time for some of the 156 players to get in practice.
The field will be cut to the low 60 scorers and ties after two rounds.
John Bodenhamer, USGA's senior managing director, said officials didn't plan to use lift, clean and place for the first time in one of the organization's championships.
"It remains our intention to play 72 holes and play the ball as it lies," Bodenhamer said Wednesday.
The LPGA Tour's Kingsmill Championship two weeks ago was shortened to 54 holes because of rain. The field, which includes 10 past Open champions, arrived in Alabama hoping to avoid a similar fate.
Pernilla Lindberg won the year's first major at the ANA Inspiration, the 11th consecutive women's major with a different winner.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, they were hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," they said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in their 23rd consecutive Women's Open. They got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of canceled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and their scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave them a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
Researchers using a high-tech aerial mapping technique have found tens of thousands of previously undetected Mayan houses, buildings, defense works and pyramids in the dense jungle of Guatemala's Peten region, suggesting that millions more people lived there than previously thought.
The discoveries, which included industrial-sized agricultural fields and irrigation canals, were announced Thursday by an alliance of U.S., European and Guatemalan archaeologists working with Guatemala's Mayan Heritage and Nature Foundation.
The study estimates that roughly 10 million people may have lived within the Maya Lowlands, meaning that kind of massive food production might have been needed.
"That is two to three times more (inhabitants) than people were saying there were," said Marcello A. Canuto, a professor of Anthropology at Tulane University.
Researchers used a mapping technique called LiDAR, which stands for Light Detection And Ranging. It bounces pulsed laser light off the ground, revealing contours hidden by dense foliage.
The images revealed that the Mayans altered the landscape in a much broader way than previously thought; in some areas, 95 percent of available land was cultivated.
"Their agriculture is much more intensive and therefore sustainable than we thought, and they were cultivating every inch of the land," said Francisco Estrada-Belli, a Research Assistant Professor at Tulane University, noting the ancient Mayas partly drained swampy areas that haven't been considered worth farming since.
And the extensive defensive fences, ditch-and-rampart systems and irrigation canals suggest a highly organized workforce.
"There's state involvement here, because we see large canals being dug that are re-directing natural water flows," said Thomas Garrison, Assistant Professor of Anthropology at Ithaca College in New York.
The 810 square miles (2,100 square kilometers) of mapping done vastly expands the area that was intensively occupied by the Maya, whose culture flourished between roughly 1,000 BC and 900 AD. Their descendants still live in the region.
The mapping detected about 60,000 individual structures, including four major Mayan ceremonial centers with plazas and pyramids.
Garrison said that this year they went to the field with the LiDAR data to look for one of the roads revealed. "I found it, but if I had not had the LiDAR and known that that's what it was, I would have walked right over it, because of how dense the jungle is."
Garrison noted that unlike some other ancient cultures, whose fields, roads and outbuildings have been destroyed by subsequent generations of farming, the jungle grew over abandoned Maya fields and structures, both hiding and preserving them.
"In this the jungle, which has hindered us in our discovery efforts for so long, has actually worked as this great preservative tool of the impact the culture had across the landscape," noted Garrison, who worked on the project and specializes in the city of El Zotz, near Tikal.
LiDAR revealed a previously undetected structure between the two sites that Garrison says "can't be called anything other than a Maya fortress."
"It's this hill-top citadel that has these ditch and rampart systems ... when I went there, one of these things in nine meters tall," they noted.
In a way, the structures were hiding in plain sight.
"As soon as we saw this we all felt a little sheepish," said Canuto said of the LiDAR images, "because these were things that we had been walking over all the time."
UNITED NATIONS, United States — North Korea is preparing for “any mode of war” triggered by US military action, Pyongyang's envoy to the United Nations warned Monday, saying their country would respond to a missile or nuclear strike “in kind.”
The statement from North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, followed warnings from US Vice President Mike Pence to Pyongyang not to test US resolve.
“If the United States dares opt for a military action (…) the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans,” Kim told a news conference at UN headquarters in New York.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs,” they said.
READ: ‘Behave,' Trump warns North Korea's Kim Jong-Un
North Korea has taken “self-defensive” measures in response to US threats of military action and these reflect Pyongyang's determination to “counter nukes and ICBM in kind,” Kim said, referring to intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Pence earlier told a news conference in South Korea that “the era of strategic patience is over” after North Korea on Sunday test-fired another missile and fears mounted that it may be preparing a sixth nuclear test.
Pyongyang is seeking to develop a long-range missile capable of hitting the US mainland with a nuclear warhead, and has so far staged five nuclear tests, two of them last year.
Kim also confirmed that a new nuclear test was under preparation, saying that the plans had been announced and that “it will take place.”
“As far as nuclear test is concerned, it was already announced to the public. It is something that our headquarters decided. At a time and at the place where our headquarters deem necessary, it will take place,” they said.
‘Got to behave'
US President Donald Trump's decision at the weekend to send the Carl Vinson carrier-led navy strike group to the Korean peninsula shows that the “US reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase,” said Kim.
ADVERTISEMENT
The North Korean deputy envoy asserted that Pyongyang would hold the United States “wholly accountable for the catastrophic consequences to be entailed by its outrageous actions.”
The envoy criticized the US missile strikes that hit an air base in Syria last week, saying Washington was resorting to a “gangster-like logic” that its military action was proportionate and could apply to the Korean peninsula as well.
Trump on Monday said their message to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un was: “Got to behave.”
UN spokesperson Stephane Dujarric separately expressed concern over rising tensions on the Korean peninsula and said the latest missile test was “troubling”.
They urged North Korea to “take all the steps necessary to de-escalate the situation and return to dialogue on denuclearization.”
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will next week chair a special meeting of the UN Security Council on North Korea. CBB
The stock market slumped Tuesday to its worst loss since August, giving back some of the big gains it has posted since the beginning of the year.
Health care companies slumped following news that Amazon was teaming up with JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on a health care venture. Banks, industrial companies and energy stocks also accounted for a big slice of the market's losses. Bond prices fell, sending yields to their highest level since April 2014.
On Tuesday:
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 31.10 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,822.43.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 362.59 points, or 1.4 percent, to 26,076.89.
The Nasdaq slumped 64.02 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,402.48.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 15.29 points, or 1 percent, to 1,582.82.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is down 50.44 points, or 1.8 percent.
The Dow is down 539.82 points, or 2 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 103.29 points, or 1.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is down 25.24 points, or 1.6 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 148.82 points, or 5.6 percent.
The Dow is up 1,357.67 points, 5.5 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 499.09 points, or 7.2 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 47.31 points, or 3.1 percent.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A United Parcel Service driver who opened fire during a meeting with co-workers had filed a grievance that they were working excessive overtime.
UPS union official Joseph Cilia told The Associated Press that 38-year-old Jimmy Lam had filed the grievance in March and had requested that the package delivery company relieve them of working extra hours going forward.
Lam appeared to specifically go after the three drivers they killed before fatally shooting himself.
Officials late Wednesday confirmed 50-year-old Benson Louie, 56-year-old Wayne Chan, and 46-year-old Mike Lefiti were killed in the shooting.
Two other UPS employees were wounded, but Cilia said both were released from the hospital.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Matt Forte remains focused only on winning, no matter what anyone else thinks.
So, when some Jets fans suggest the team is tanking the upcoming season – or, should – to get a high draft pick next spring, the veteran running back completely disagrees with the notion.
“It's a good thing we don't operate off of what the fans think and what everybody on the outside thinks,” Forte said Wednesday before the team's second minicamp practice. “What we think as a team, that's what's going to happen. And none of us on the team think that we're going to tank.
“So all I have to say about that is: Bring it.”
The Jets are coming off a 5-11 season and parted ways with several productive and popular veterans in the offseason to cut some big salaries. Gone are the likes of Darrelle Revis, Brandon Marshall, Eric Decker, Nick Mangold, David Harris and Nick Folk.
MORE: Lichtenstein: Jets Are Setting Themselves Up For Historically Awful Season
When asked if they think the Jets have a competitive roster, Forte laughed.
“What kind of question is that?” they said. “This is a professional football team. We have athletes on this team. In the league, it's not about the team that has the most talent on the roster. It's about the guys who have a brotherhood together. They play on the field, not next to each other, they play for each other. They make sacrifices on the field so the other guys can make plays.
“That's the kind of culture that we've been creating throughout the offseason here.”
The 31-year-old Forte is one of the few remaining vets. And they haven't been assured that he'll be around for this season.
“I don't worry about stuff like that,” said Forte, whose 813 yards rushing in their first season with the Jets were the lowest of their career. “Nobody has come to me about any of that stuff. I'm pretty sure if they did, my agent would've called me. I go out and practice every day to attain a goal, which is reaching the championship and being the best I can be.”
MORE: Matt Forte Sees ‘A Lot Of Versatility' In New Jets Offense
Forte has been one of the league's best dual threats out of the backfield during their nine NFL seasons. They have run for 9,415 yards, ranking them 34th all-time and fifth among active rushers. Their 517 catches rank them 11th on the league's career list among running backs. They hope to return to their playmaking days in new coordinator John Morton's West Coast-style system with the Jets.
But despite all of the individual success he's had, Forte has played in the postseason just once: their third season in 2010 with Chicago. Despite their team's current predicament, he's still motivated. And they implore their young teammates to follow their lead.
“Don't blink,” Forte said of their advice to them. “Don't ever get complacent, as well. I told somebody the other day that the minute you come into the league and think you've made it, you're on your way out. And what I mean by ‘don't blink' is all that noise on the outside about everything going on, just focus on your job and what you've got to do and whatever you can to help your teammates and you'll be fine.”
Forte echoed the sentiments of coach Todd Bowles, who on Tuesday dismissed the “tanking” notion.
“Lucky for me, I don't read the media,” Bowles said, “but my expectations are high and the team's expectations are high and that's really all that counts.”
When asked what he's looking to accomplish in a season with such gloomy outside predictions, Bowles insisted nothing has changed.
“I'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl,” the coach said. “It's no different than any other year.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Getty Image
Following the horrific Unite The Right white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, VA, that led to the death of three and many more injuries, many were angered by the lack of response from President Donald Trump, who merely issued a broad statement after two days of not denouncing the Nazis and white supremacists involved in the domestic terrorism. Despite dragging their feet in denouncing the evident white supremacy shown in Charlottesville instead referring to it as “an egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides,” Trump was very quick to respond to the criticism over their statement, because they believe the press is the real villain here.
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied…truly bad people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Richard Spencer, one of the major figureheads of the current white supremacist movement who was on the ground in Charlottesville this weekend, attempted to hold a press conference this afternoon to respond to the growing media attention but was turned away by two D.C. hotels before resorting to hosting the event in their own office.
Richard Spencer calls Trumps statement today "nonsense" and "silliness" "I just don't take them seriously…it sounded so hollow" — Ben Schreckinger (@SchreckReports) August 14, 2017
According to Spencer, people should not read Trump's statements on Charlottesville as a denouncement of white supremacy.
“His statement today was more kumbaya nonsense. Only a dumb person would take those lines seriously. Its just silliness. It's not serious and I don't think anyone takes it seriously including the president… I don't think they condemned it, no. Did they say ‘white nationalist?' ‘Racist' means an irrational hatred of people. I don't think they meant any of us.”
Richard Spencer is attempting to distance themselves and their supporters from the murder in Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/phoYuIoqYa — Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) August 14, 2017
Spencer also worked to distance the movement from the murder of 32-year-old counterprotester Heather Heyer by Nazi sympathizer James Fields, who drove their car into a crowd at a post-rally protest. “I am not going to condemn this young man at this point,” Spencer claims, citing “a great deal of ambiguity” over the details of the crime. “My cause has nothing to do with this car.”
Richard Spencer denies Alt-Right is to blame for violence. Claims city and state officials have "blood on their hands" #charlotesville pic.twitter.com/KHzF1DQDaw — Michael Miller (@MikeMillerDC) August 14, 2017
However, even as Spencer was claiming that the city officials in Charlottesville are the real ones to blame for having “blood on their hands,” they couldn't resist aggressively boasting that if they had wanted to kill the Antifa protestors, the gathered Nazis easily could have.
“We could have killed them with our bare hands.”
Richard Spencer on ANTIFA counter-protesters: "we could have killed them with our bare hands" pic.twitter.com/TRV9wz9SiL — Ben Schreckinger (@SchreckReports) August 14, 2017
Despite posturing like he's invincible, Spencer is luckily facing some repercussions for their involvement. After desperately trying to speak at their alma mater, the University of Chicago, Spencer's request has been denied, with Law Professor Geoffrey Stone telling them via email,
“From what I have seen of your views, they do not seem to me to add anything of value to serious and reasoned discourse, which is of course the central goal of a university. Thus, although I would defend the right of others to invite you to speak, I don't see any reason for me to encourage or to endorse such an event.”
Burn.
(Via Business Insider, Raw Story)
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Mohamed Salah produced two world-class finishes and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to lead Liverpool to a 5-2 win over former club Roma on Tuesday, leaving the English team in sight of the Champions League final.
Salah's display was as exquisite as Roma's defending was naive, with Liverpool scoring all of its goals in a breathtaking 33-minute spell either side of halftime amid a cauldron of noise at Anfield.
The Italian side came back from a 4-1 first-leg loss to Barcelona in the quarterfinals, and consolation goals in the final nine minutes from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti has given them a similar deficit to overcome.
In the latest virtuoso performance of their stunning first season at Liverpool, Salah curled a shot into the top corner in the 36th minute and doubled the lead in the 45th with a dinked finish that is fast becoming their trademark.  They are now on 43 goals for the season in all competitions with potentially five games left.
The Egypt forward wasn't finished there, taking advantage of Roma's high defensive line to provide crosses for Mane and Firmino to score almost identical goals in the 56th and 61st minutes, respectively.
Firmino glanced home a header from James Millner's corner in the 69th to leave Roma's players on the floor — literally in the case of its distressed goalkeeper, Alisson.
Liverpool moved onto 38 goals for this season's competition — 11 more than any other team — but cannot begin preparing for the final in Kiev on May 26 quite yet.
Dzeko chested down a long pass to make it 5-1 in the 81st and when Milner handled a shot from Radja Nainggolan, Perotti converted the penalty in the 89th.
Bayern Munich plays Real Madrid in the other semifinal, with the first leg in Germany on Wednesday.
Roma knows all about Salah, who scored 15 goals and set up 11 more in the second of their two seasons at the Italian club before joining Liverpool for 42 million euros (then $47 million) in June.
He's obliterating those figures at Anfield this season. Their double saw them surge past Cristiano Ronaldo's 42 goals for Manchester United in the 2007-08 season, for example.
Salah won English soccer's Player of the Year award on Sunday. At this rate, the Ballon D'Or could be their next year.
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
Transcript for Houston couple complains they were booted from United flight
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Widgetized Section
Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone
Transcript for From the rambunctious to the devoted: Meet some of Philadelphia Eagles' fans
Gridiron battle. Last month during eagles versus vikings game they are seen as the tough ones. Rough around the edges and ready to tackle at any given time. Though not these folks, I'm talking about these guys. These fans are the most passionate fans in sports. Those infamous Philadelphia Philadelphia eagles fans that demonstrate not all of the action is on the field. Hours before the 52nd super bowl the city of brotherly love finds itself once again battling its famous nickname. We get dirty, we are not afraid of it either. They have such a true passion waiting for that time to twin all. Hopefully then they'll chill out a little bit. When it comes to football eagles fans are the good, the bad and the ugly. It's the same everybody is, brutally honest. If you wonder what a victory looks like, two weeks ago we got ate taste. Philly police prepared greasing down poles before the game, it didn't work. The iconic philly art museum steps once again the backdrop. You heard about the man arrested for punching a police horse, well it happened twice. But some eagles fans aren't all so out there. Welcome to bury the hatchet eagles themed bat cave. Fly eagles fly ??? on the road to victory ??? eagles! ??? They call this addition to their house the locker room decking it out with 16 flat screen TVs even in the bathroom. Never miss any of the action. There's neon everywhere. Bar stools. Autographed items all an eagles fan could ever want. I'm being a Philadelphia eagles fan since 1964. Oh, my word I'm old. Got the money from what they were saving for retirement home and their wife couldn't argue. They said you've worked hard all your life if that's what you want to do that's what you should do. That's what I did. The fans would gather here bleed green. In my mind Philadelphia eagles fans are the best fans in all sports. This season after losing key players to issues including quarterback Carson Wentz will take the field with back up quarterback Nick Foles and the odds are stacked against them. Fittingly players and fans alike have been sporting these masks in their eagles underdog. Eagles haven't won a championship since Dwight Eisenhower was president. They have great fans and great support. I know when we played in Jacksonville in the super bowl that stadium was practically all eagles fans I expect that again this time. Sure they had actual superheroes like Batman and captain America, Chris Evans, but the eagles had rocky himself. If you haven't guessed it by new I am a die-hard fan. For me rocky is like a real human being we have a statue and everything. It fits our team. Bradley cooper played a rowdy eagles fan in "Silver lining play book" and he's one in real-life too. Even WWE star John sec E Na shows their respect and he's a patriots fan but maybe that's so they don'tened up on the receiving end of this. The eagles faithful have a rep as one of the mt feared fan bases in sports. Here throwing ice balls at the cowboys, injuring a coach and an official. Can't tell you what a joy it is to come to Philadelphia and dodge not snow balls but ice balls. Fans were so rambunctious there was even a jail and I judge. Fair but tough judge. Under the old stadium just in case. Even Santa has been on the receiving end getting boos as well as snow balls. A 1968 incident so infamous that es prks N 30 for 30 spoofed it. These snow balls came cast Kade cascading down. Throwing snow balls at Santa let's move on. Former quarterback won't stand for slandering these fans. There are always few knuckle heads at every stadium but I can say the Philadelphia fans are the most passionate fans in the national football league. Always couple knuckle heads looking for publicity but 99% of the fans are absolutely N sloou outstanding. I'm excited to watch the super bowl. As is this man who is having more than a hundred friends and family for the big game. The eagles on one side and enemy on the other side. They claim they will be happy whether the eagles win or lose but they would still gladly accept the biggest win. Talk to me Sunday, if you need any photography work from the sky strap a camera on me, I sky because I'll be 20 feet off the ground. For "Nightline." Let's go! Up next, the funny fumble on
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — A federal judge has overturned a jury decision that found a former president of Bolivia and their defense minister responsible for government killings during 2003 unrest.
U.S. Senior District Judge James Cohn upheld a defense motion Wednesday that there was insufficient evidence to support an April verdict that included $10 million in damages in a lawsuit filed by Bolivians whose family members were among the dead.
The jury verdict had followed a nearly three-week trial of the civil suit in federal court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Jurors found against former Bolivian President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada and their former defense minister, Jose Carlos Sanchez Berzain. Both live in the U.S.
The lawsuit was filed under the Torture Victim Protection Act, which authorizes suits in the U.S. for extrajudicial killings.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Lorde has scribbled their thanks to fans back home for embracing their Grammy-nominated album.
Them handwritten thank-you note was published as an ad in The New Zealand Herald on Wednesday. The note has doodles honoring fellow Kiwi musicians as well as sightings of other attendees at the Grammy ceremony in New York on Sunday night.
They also thank them for believing in female musicians, "You set a beautiful precedent!"
Social media took their absence among the night's performances as a snub, since other album of the year nominees performed as did classic rockers with no current nominations.
Recording Academy President Neil Portnow had said backstage that it was hard to have a balanced show, but later had to walk back a comment that women had to "step up."
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — Venezuelan state security has detained nearly two dozen people allegedly involved in violent acts against officers during an overnight raid that left several apartment buildings in shambles.
Residents at the Los Verdes complex in Caracas say officers fired weapons, destroyed elevators, broke doors and windows and shot to death at least one pet dog.
Witness video showed an armored truck plowing through a metal yellow gate leading to the building.
Opposition leader Maria Corina Machado says the raid amounts to "state terrorism."
Interior Minister Nestor Reverol says 23 people identified as "terrorists" were detained for their alleged involvement in an attack on a national guard captain and three sergeants.
Two months of political upheaval in Venezuela have left nearly 70 dead, thousands detained and hundreds injured.
Photo: GoFundMe.com
THE LATEST: Dana Point resident Natalie Grumet, 37, suffered a large gunshot wound to the face in the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival at the Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas on Oct. 1 that left approximately 60 people dead and hundreds injured.
According to a close family friend of Grumet's who wishes to remain anonymous, the bullet supposedly entered near Grumet's cheek and exited through their jawline. The family friend also told the Dana Point Times that Grumet underwent three individual surgeries, including a tracheotomy to support reliable breathing, a feeding tube has been inserted and their jaw has been wired shut for healing.
After multiple surgeries, they are recovering in a Las Vegas hospital, awaiting stabilization that will allow them to be transferred back to South Orange County.
As of Oct. 5, the family friend told the Dana Point Times that Grumet is conscious and sitting up, communicating through hand signals with family and friends, including husband Jason, who was also at the concert.
WHAT'S NEXT: Grumet will continue their recovery at Sunshine Hospital and Medical Center in Las Vegas. Friends and family have set up a GoFundMe account with the aim to move Natalie to a more localized, and less overwhelmed, Orange County facility within the next few days. As of press deadline, the GoFundMe for Grumet has raised over $90,000 since Oct. 1. Stay tuned at www.danapointimes.com for updates on Grumet as they become available. –Daniel Ritz
It's hard to believe that with all the anticipation over the summer the total solar eclipse is now just one week away. For one man this wait has truly been a long time coming and he's determined to make the most of this big event.
What may look like an old homemade telescope, isn't just some old relic of the past. It's a piece of history, connecting a father and son, to the future.
Bartt Brick was in junior high when they found their grandfather's telescope mirror in their garage. One the man with no formal education had ground himself, in the hopes of building a telescope.
Bartt Brick recalls, "I looked at dad and I said, 'I don't know how to build a telescope.' I was 15. Dad said, 'Well I don't either but hey we are Bricks we can figure this out that's half the fun.'"
Bartt and their dad Gene Brick worked for months to build the masterpice, and set their sights on the Ring Nebula.
"We were up to what two in the morning I think?" Bartt Brick asks their dad. "Yeah," the older Brick replies. "And we finally found it and we were so excited because we knew it would work," Bartt Brick says.
Now they've upgraded to a newer telescope and have their sights set on another astronomical wonder, a total solar eclipse.
The last one passed through the older Brick's area in 1979, but unfortunately Gene didn't get to see it.
"It came all of a sudden on us and I missed it," Gene Brick says.
The older Brick was cutting logs into lumber inside, and had to hear from their coworkers about the wonder they missed outside.
"They were telling me about it," Gene Brick recalls. "I guess night here in the middle of the day."
But the older Brick has no regret, only gratitude.
"Well it was a chance of a lifetime and I'm still in my lifetime," Gene says. "I lived long enough to see this thing and I am really happy for it."
Now at 92, Gene Brick will get a second chance to experience nature's wonder, with four generations in their front yard, and their father in their heart.
"This whole thing should've been done with my dad," Gene says. "Yeah. I hope I can do them justice."
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico's governor has signed a law meant to speed and encourage adoptions, partly by allowing unmarried couples to adopt children in the socially conservative U.S. territory.
The law also allows biological mothers to hand over a newborn to hospitals without facing charges of child abandonment.
And the law signed will create a central registry of people seeking to adopt a child. It aims to streamline the process so children can be placed with their adoptive parents within two months.
The measure was submitted by Puerto Rico House of Representatives President Carlos Mendez.  They are adopted and has said that their case took 19 years to resolve under old laws.
Most U.S. states require couples to be married if they jointly adopt children.
Hakim J. Williams, age 34, of Farmville has been arrested in connection with a June 24, 2018 shooting that occurred in the 2000 block of South Main Street. Williams was quickly developed as a suspect and through the course of the investigation, detectives obtained information that Williams had fled to Florida. On July 2, 2018, Williams was arrested without incident in Venice, Florida by the U.S. Marshals Service Fugitive Task Force.  They are currently being held in the Sarasota (FL) County Jail pending extradition back to Virginia.
Williams has been charged with: Malicious Wounding; Use of a Firearm in the Commission of Malicious Wounding; Possession of a Firearm by a Convicted Violent Felon; Carrying a Concealed Weapon after having been Convicted of a Felony; Carrying a Concealed Weapon (Misdemeanor); and Brandishing a Firearm (Misdemeanor).
The investigation into this incident continues and further charges are pending. Anyone with information regarding this incident should contact Detective Sergeant David Ragland at the Farmville Police Department at 434-392-9259, or call the Farmville Emergency Communications Center at 434-392-3332.
DALLAS (AP) — A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager was freed on Wednesday after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson said Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from prosecutors declaring them innocent in the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating their high school graduation and decision to join the Marines.
Although Alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he's innocent, due largely to the confession of a condemned man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still need the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to formally exonerate them to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could take months.
Officials say an "exhaustive investigation" corroborated the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney's office's conviction integrity unit right before Escamilla was put to death for the killing of an off-duty Dallas police officer.
"He was facing execution the next day," said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. "We believe they were doing this to make peace with God and make things right for him."
Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But a person identified Alonzo as the shooter from a photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury at their 2003 trial relied heavily on that identification to convict him.
Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison.
Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted in 2002 in the death of officer Christopher Kevin James, who was among four uniformed Dallas officers working off-duty security at a club when a brawl broke out and James was shot multiple times by Escamilla.
Prosecutors say that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, they confessed to killing Gauna and that they also confessed later to their appellate attorneys. Johnson acknowledged that rumors circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla was responsible, but they said Alonzo's attorney argued this point at Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't buy it.
Here's one side effect Roseanne Barr may not have expected from linking their racist tweet to Ambien: snark from the drug's manufacturer.
Interested in Roseanne? Add Roseanne as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Roseanne news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Disney's ABC canceled the comedian's eponymous sitcom Tuesday after they posted a tweet comparing a onetime adviser for former President Barack Obama to an ape, later apologizing in multiple tweets that included a reference to their apparent use of the prescription sleep aid.
In one of the now-deleted tweets that Barr posted in the wake of their show's cancelation, they wrote that "it was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting," while in another they wrote that they were "not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien- cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc."
ABC via Getty Images
The patent for Ambien, formally known as zolpidem, is held by French pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis, which had something to say about Roseanne's tying the drug to the scandal.
"People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication," the company wrote in a tweet.
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
Dizziness is listed as a possible side effect, as well as daytime drowsiness, according to WebMD. Memory loss, mood and behavioral changes including depression hallucinations, confusion and aggressive behavior are also listed among the unlikely but possible side effects.
ABC News is a division of the Walt Disney Co.
The police have distributed seven administrative closure orders to businesses in the Bedouin areas of southern Israel who employed illegal residents.
According to the orders, businesses will be closed for periods from 15 to 30 days.
Transcript for Pilot forced to eject from F-16 fighter jet after crash
Two B index of other news the F sixteen crash in lake papacy city Arizona the pilot force to a jet we'll try to land during a training mission. Going down your municipal airport the pilot from Luke air force base was not badly hurt.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — The Latest on a suicide attack outside a restaurant in Somalia's capital (all times local):
—
11:50 p.m.
Police say security forces have shot dead two of the gunmen holed up inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital and rescued 10 people who were being held hostage.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says five attackers are thought to remain in the Pizza House restaurant with an untold number of hostages. They say heavy gunfire has been heard inside.
Hussein says the attackers have switched off the electricity, complicating efforts by security forces.
Wednesday night's attack in Mogadishu began when a car bomb exploded at the restaurant gate. Police say at least nine people are dead and several wounded.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility.
—
10:55 p.m.
Eyewitness Nur Yasin tells The Associated Press that attackers posing as Somali security forces have forced people inside a restaurant in the capital at gunpoint. Yasin says they were wearing military uniforms.
Police say dozens of people are thought to be held inside the Pizza House restaurant in Mogadishu as a hostage situation unfolds. A burst of gunfire has been heard.
The attack began with a suicide car bomb at the gate.
The blast largely destroyed the restaurant's facade and sparked a fire at the restaurant.
—
10:50 p.m.
Police say the death toll has risen to nine in an attack on a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Police say a hostage situation is unfolding inside the Pizza House in Mogadishu as gunmen are holed up inside and security forces try to secure the scene.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a burst of gunfire was heard inside the restaurant where dozens of people are reported to be held. The attack began with a car bomb exploding at the gate.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility and says the attack is ongoing.
—
10:40 p.m.
Police are reporting a hostage situation inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital as gunmen are holed up inside and security forces try to secure the scene.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a burst of gunfire has been heard inside the Pizza House restaurant, where dozens of people are reported to be held.
The attack Wednesday night began with a suicide car bombing at the gate of the restaurant. Police say at least four people have been killed and several wounded.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility.
—
9:45 p.m.
Police say at least four people were killed and several others wounded in a suicide car bomb blast that targeted a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says most of the victims were young men who were entering the Pizza House at the time. The car exploded at the restaurant's gate.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas in Mogadishu.
—
9:05 p.m.
Police say there is confusion whether gunmen are inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital after a suicide car bomb detonated at its gate.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein at first said gunmen were fighting their way inside the restaurant and that a hostage situation was underway.
Hussein now says it's possible the attack ended with the car bombing outside the Pizza House restaurant. The restaurant is just meters away from another establishment popular with the city's elite.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas in Mogadishu.
—
8:45 p.m.
Police say a suicide bomber has detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a hostage situation is under way at the Pizza House restaurant.
Hussein has no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Comments
comments
According to parts of an order issued by the French Education Ministry's director general published Wednesday, students will not be allowed to attend schools with clothing that includes religious symbols including kippot and long skirts.
According to a report in Le Figaro, the directive is a guide to students on issues dealing with the interface between religious practices and the secular atmosphere of French schools.
The guide enumerates the prohibition of wearing a kippah and a long skirt, but also a veil, a handkerchief, a hat and a wig. It was also clarified that Muslim students would not be able to miss sports lessons during the month of Ramadan.
Among the pages of the guide is a reference to a person who refuses to shake hands with their colleague for religious reasons. "No one can involve their religion in order to undermine equality between men and women," it was written.
With regard to the enforcement of these “secular laws,” it was reported that "the penalties imposed on students in the event of noncompliance with the instructions are clearly presented in the manual, which is more practical than the previous one, and presents about 20 concrete situations of application of the principle of secularism."
Yaakov Hagoel, deputy director of the World Zionist Organization and head of the anti-Semitism department, said: "Throughout the years, Jewish symbols and traditional customs have constituted the center of Jewish life. Wherever there was a desire to eradicate these characteristics, we later encountered anti-Semitic acts that were legitimized by these moves.”
"Recently, Europe is fertile ground for the growth of anti-Semitism, and the French director general's order contains seeds for this. I strongly condemn this atmosphere and hope that France, and especially its education system, will be able to understand the gravity of the matter. We will continue to work to eradicate the growth of this anti-Semitism," added Hagoel.
DAVIE, Fla. -- The second day of mandatory minicamp for the Miami Dolphins on Wednesday had several hundred uninvited guests.
A swarm of bees packed one corner of the practice field near the bleachers and caused the team to switch ends of the field toward the close of practice.
The Dolphins noticed the bees after a deep passing play in the insects' direction to receiver DeVante Parker, who caught the pass in the end zone over cornerback Xavien Howard.
"I was standing right in the middle of it," Dolphins coach Adam Gase said. "I was starting to see all of those somethings flying around and I didn't know what was going on. Then a couple of guys were freaking out."
Parker kept their full concentration and made the impressive catch. The team went to the opposite side of the field soon after.
No one was stung or needed treatment, Gase said.
There were no bees present at the start of practice. But by the end of the nearly two-hour session, a large group had formed.
"It was towards the end of practice and it got to the point where I was like, 'I'm not going to run. If they get me, they get me,'" Dolphins guard Jermon Bushrod said. "That was pretty weird and it was funny because we moved all the way down to the other end and you could still kind of see the swarm of them down at the other end."
Even 6-foot-4, 305-pound Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh didn't want anything to do with the swarm.
"I'm not a fan of bees," Suh said afterward. "I've been around yellow jackets in Jamaica and all that stuff. I'm not too scared of them, but I'd rather not be stung if I didn't have to be."
The Dolphins will wrap up their three-day minicamp on Thursday, most likely without the uninvited guests.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
An unpatchable flaw in Nvidia Tegra X1 SoCs makes it possible for an attacker to gain control over a device to run arbitrary code.
The flaw applies to all Tegra X1 SoCs and can't be fixed—Tegra X1 bootROMs can't be patched once they leave the factory.
A vulnerability in Nvidia Tegra X1 system on a chip (SoC) processors allows an attacker total control over the device at the bootROM level, and there's nothing Nvidia or Tegra X1 hardware manufacturers can do about it.
The exploit, called Fusée Gelée by its discoverers Kate Temkin and ReSwitch, has already been used to install a custom ROM on a Nintendo Switch.
Nintendo's tablet-like Switch runs on a Tegra X1, as do other Android tablets, making this vulnerability concerning to any manufacturer who builds systems on the X1, and even those building on other Tegra chips, Temkin said. The nature of the attack makes a software patch impossible, and Temkin recommends anyone with an affected device should move on to a new one when possible.
Why Fusée Gelée is unpatchable
The Fusée Gelée vulnerability requires gaining access to the Tegra X1's USB recovery mode, which has an inherent flaw that allows an improperly coded USB control request to overflow the bootROM's direct memory access (DMA) buffer.
Several requests that can be sent to the bootROM are improperly coded: A proper request would only return the amount of bytes the handler has available, but some return however many bytes a host requests.
That coding error allows a host to request up to 65,535 bytes, more than enough to overflow the DMA buffer. Once overflowed, an attacker can copy data into the protected application stack and execute any code they desire.
The most obvious solution to Fusée Gelée would be to issue a software patch to fix the bootROM, but here's where a problem arises: bootROM patches on Tegra X1 chips are impossible once a chip leaves the factory.
Ipatches, which are patches released at the factory during chip production, would be able to fix the flaw on X1 devices that haven't left the assembly line yet, but anyone who has a current Tegra X1 device is vulnerable to a Fusée Gelée exploit.
An important warning about hardware and firmware security
There are several lessons to be taken away from the Fusée Gelée exploit, and they apply to OEMs as well IT professionals.
First off, manufacturers need to be sure that their hardware has been properly tested against all possible attacks. Fusée Gelée allows a device owner to hack their own hardware, which isn't a risk itself, but it could also allow an attacker to write code to remotely execute a similar attack.
Firmware security is a critical part of device design that can easily be exploited—just look at Spectre and Meltdown. Had Intel been diligent in seeking out vulnerabilities, it might not be facing a vulnerability in nearly every single processor it ever created.
SEE: IT leader's guide to reducing insider security threats (Tech Pro Research)
For IT support staff and security professionals, Fusée Gelée paints a whole other set of complications: hardware security.
In the case of the Nintendo Switch, hardware modification was necessary to force the device to boot into recovery mode. Doing so isn't complicated though: It just requires the bending of an exposed pin.
It's not known what kind of hardware exploits may be necessary to force other Tegra X1 devices into recovery mode, but it's best not to find out and to implement good hardware security policies instead. Publicly accessible devices should be protected from tampering by putting them in locked cases or in secure mounts.
From a security perspective, Tegra X1 devices should be closely monitored to make sure they aren't on a business network while in a modified state. While the risk of problems from a rooted device is minimal, they still open up possible attack avenues that may not be expected.
Get the latest security news by subscribing to our Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played on Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities. It's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled, prompting a standing ovation.
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
"We do it for really three reasons. We do it for fellowship amongst ourselves. We do it for charity," said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, the longtime GOP manager. "We raise a lot of money for three charities. And we do it because we like to play baseball and try to recapture a little bit of our youth. It's a positive thing. Of all the things Congress does, this is one of the most benign, positive activities."
Members of Congress practice for months for the event, and typically don the jerseys of a team from back home. The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call sponsors the game and awards a trophy once a side wins three of five games.
"It's a good way raise money for charity and for members to get to know each other," said Rep. Cedric Richmond, D-La., whose election in 2010 upended the competitive balance of the annual event. Richmond played baseball in college and kicked off their congressional career with a one-hitter in 2011 and has been the game's dominant player pretty much since then.
Last year, however, Democrats lost the game 8-7, ending a seven-game winning streak that mostly coincided with Richmond joining the Democratic side.
"I was fresh off of surgery, but they made more plays than we made last year," Richmond told reporters. "This was a year we wanted to get even."
Congressional leaders typically attend the event and former President Barack Obama — famous for shunning opportunities to rub shoulders with lawmakers — even went two years ago, watching from the Democratic dugout. Obama's appearance came as they were struggling to win Democratic votes for an unpopular trade-related measure.
———
Online: https://www.congressionalbaseball.org/
Transcript for Sarah Jessica Parker launches wedding dress line
Actresses Sarah Jessica Parker in the news this morning they refashion a full fledged second career now they are watching them on bridal collection. The Sex and the City stars create a line of wedding dresses bodysuits skirts jumpsuits and more. All in an assortment of colors not just like cream pretty modern day wedding love. Parker telling piece adds that they intended on the line they musical outside and just that special occasion I think that's a great idea. Asked if they're also insisting on a large range of sizes making it easy for anyone to enjoy their designs. The bridal collection in their dog SGP buy Sarah Jessica Parker why don't. Come back today exclusively on gilts militia. You.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Latest on the settlement between the company formerly known as Yahoo and government regulators over a huge 2014 data breach (all times local):
4 p.m.
Prosecutors say two Russian intelligence agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses.
A U.S. judge in San Francisco on Tuesday, meanwhile, pushed back a sentencing hearing for a 23-year-old Canadian man, Karim Baratov, who prosecutors say was hired by Dokuchaev to breach at least 80 email accounts obtained from the massive Yahoo hack.
Judge Vince Chhabria questioned whether the sentence of seven years and 10 months that prosecutors were seeking for Baratov was longer than what other hackers had received for similar crimes.
Baratov's attorneys have called for a sentence of three years and nine months.
———
2:15 p.m.
The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate.
by Brian Lee
Water temperature: 70-74 degrees, lake level: full pool, clarity: stained/clear.
The mayflies are starting to hatch in big numbers, so target those areas with fresh hatched bugs. Look for bream busting the water eating the bugs. Topwater and swim jigs will catch fish on the bugs in the mornings. Run and gun hitting as many fresh hatches to get as many quality bites. The bream should be done spawning, but you can still find some beds. If you come across a bream bed, chances are you'll find a bass or two lurking nearby. Swim jigs through and around the beds will get quality bites.
After the sun is high, you can flip docks or find any wood cover. Any soft plastics will work. A green pumpkin trick worm on a shaky head is a top bait for fishing docks. As the day heats up, the bite will slow down, so just back off the points and slow down. Some quality spots and largemouth can be caught dragging a C-rig or any soft plastic. It's getting that time of the year that the bass will slow down.
Till next month, tight lines and remember to take a child fishing so they too can enjoy the outdoors.
Christian Long
Welcome to Meet this City, your chance to explore our favorite cities in the world through the eyes of the celebrities, star chefs, creative mavericks, and pro athletes that love them.
This week we're off to the 303, known for its diverse art scene, enticing culture and abundance of beaches– Miami. Best known for bringing laughs to audiences, Tommy Davidson of In Living Color is our guide this week. For those that don't know, he's currently filming ABC ‘s Vacation Creation where they take deserving families on vacations to exotic places all around the world. It's given them a new appreciation for the city.
“One of my favorite US cities, and a common cruise ship port we travel to and from is Miami,” Davidson said. “Visited at least 30 times and counting, Miami is such a melting pot of culture, style and all around luxury!”
Here is my insiders guide to Miami!
BEST DINNER SPOT
Prime 112
Definitely Prime 112 is a staple on Ocean Drive, South Beach. Hands down the best steaks and seafood! Plus you never know who you will run into. Last time I sat next to NFL's Victor Cruz.
Steaks on steaks. Currently drooling over this prime porterhouse and Ribeye-filled table. 🤤 #dryaged #steakhouse #meatlovers #mondaymood #Prime112 @mylesprime112 A post shared by Prime One Twelve Official (@primeonetwelve) on Nov 27, 2017 at 12:05pm PST
Satisfy your inner sweet tooth! #Dessert #NOM #BreadPudding | 📸 @foodchasers A post shared by Prime One Twelve Official (@primeonetwelve) on Jul 7, 2017 at 11:44am PDT
BEST PLACE FOR A DRINK
My wife loves Wet Willie's! Call a Cab mixed with Pina Colada is always a great start to an evening.
Gettin' way down on that #daquiribar up on the terrace. 💯🍹🙌🏼 #wayup #oceandrive #delish #southbeach #latergram A post shared by Rachel Frances ✌ (@rfgroen) on Dec 5, 2017 at 6:46am PST
#FeelingTheLove #WetWillies A post shared by Wet Willie's (@wetwillies_) on Mar 6, 2016 at 6:06pm PST
ONLY LOCALS KNOW
The Art Scene
Miami has an amazing art scene. Be sure to check out Art Basel on Miami Beach. One of a kind art with a unique ambiance!
#artbaselmiami #untitled #scad2017 #cypressbayhighschool A post shared by Gretchen Marfisi (@gmarfisi) on Dec 7, 2017 at 5:36pm PST
Ebony G. Patterson at Untitled #untitled #miami #contemporaryart #embroidery #carribeanwomen A post shared by Marie St. Germain (@mariehjfa) on Dec 7, 2017 at 10:25am PST
BEST FAST FOOD
Pollo Tropical is THE BEST fast food in the country! Tasty carribean cuisine, highly recommend the Mojo Pork and the Corn Casserole. Perfection!
Someone broke in to our car and took my bag which contains my passport in it at this place. 😑 Fml A post shared by J. Mille Horfilla (@juicytine) on Jul 5, 2016 at 9:41pm PDT
FAVORITE PLACE TO SHOP
Definitely Lincoln Road on South Beach! Lots of shops, outdoor environment and great people watching!
Did you know? #LincolnRoad and Palm Beach's #WorthAvenue have been ranked among the most expensive retail districts in the Western Hemisphere, according to Cushman & Wakefield's 2017 Main Streets Across the World retail report. A post shared by 1 Miami Realty (@1miamirealty) on Nov 27, 2017 at 3:15pm PST
BEST LATE NIGHT SNACK SPOT
Big Pink on Collins in Miami Beach. It's across from Story Nightclub, so it's great for grub after the club.
Grab a napkin… You're drooling. #BurgerPorn #MiamiEats #BigPinkMiami | 📷 @zuliani13 A post shared by Big Pink (@bigpinkmiami) on Dec 7, 2017 at 10:08am PST
Did someone say brunch? Tag your brunch buddy! #MiamiEats #BigPinkMiami #FoodPorn A post shared by Big Pink (@bigpinkmiami) on Oct 20, 2017 at 9:15am PDT
BEST PLACE FOR A SWEET TREAT
Gelateria 4D on Lincoln Road. Tons of flavors and always hits the spot!
#gelateria4d #beatgelatoever #bestingredients #bestquality #realitalianstyle #realitaliangelato #visitussoon A post shared by Gelateria 4D (@gelateria4d) on Apr 25, 2017 at 12:12pm PDT
BEST PLACE TO ESCAPE
Love hanging poolside at the Delano, reading a magazine and soaking in the Miami sun.
Join us at #DelanoBeachClub this Saturday and Sunday for #ArtBasel artist pool parties featuring sounds from @djdavesol and art displays from top artists. #ArtBasel2017 #discoverdelano #worldofsbe A post shared by Delano Beach Club (@delanobeachclub) on Dec 7, 2017 at 9:08am PST
Wish you were here. (📷: @confessionsofanamateurtraveler) #delanobeachclub #worldofsbe A post shared by Delano Beach Club (@delanobeachclub) on Nov 29, 2017 at 8:05am PST
BEST PLACE TO WORKOUT
Ocean Drive
Jogging or biking along Ocean Drive, or swimming in South Beach! Can't lose.
Como é Miami no inverno? Assim! ☀️ 🌴⛱ #spiceupmia #miamibeach #miami #winter #beach A post shared by Spice up the Road (@spiceuptheroad) on Dec 7, 2017 at 7:02pm PST
Nice morning ride #bikeride #mountainbike #jamisbikes #miamilife #southbeachbiking A post shared by Martin Casado (@martincasado) on Jun 26, 2015 at 6:24am PDT
FAVORITE BRUNCH SPOT
News Cafe on Ocean Drive. Great brunch with an ocean view. It's an oldie but goodie on South Beach.
La esquina más emblemática de Miami Beach. #newscafe A post shared by Diego Michard (@diemichard) on Dec 5, 2017 at 9:12am PST
Piña colada no News Cafe, último lugar onde Gianni Versace veio antes de ser assassinado em frente à casa dele, 300 metros daqui, 20 anos atrás. #pinacolada #newscafe #versace A post shared by Fabiana Seragusa (@fabiseragusa) on Nov 28, 2017 at 12:12pm PST
BEST BAR IN TOWN
Mango's Tropical Cafe
Mango's Tropical Cafe on Ocean Drive. Love the music and the nonstop dancing!
Maybe just one drink tonight. #miami #southbeach #mangosmiami A post shared by Mangos's Tropical Cafe (@mangosmiami) on Sep 6, 2017 at 5:33pm PDT
FAVORITE CLUB
Definitely Story or Liv! Can't go wrong with either one!
Ready to jump around with @official_flo @headlinerworld @whoissteviej TONIGHT! Tickets At STORYmiami.com. #STORYthursday #ThanksgivingNight A post shared by STORY miami (@storymiami) on Nov 23, 2017 at 11:26am PST
It's about to be LIT TONIGHT with @therealeve @djcassidy @martin2smoove! Tickets on sale at LIVnightclub.com. 🔥 A post shared by LIV miami (@livmiami) on Nov 3, 2017 at 9:52am PDT
BEST PLACE FOR DATE NIGHT
NBA Heat basketball game at American Airlines Arena! My close friend has a box, so always great seats with a great view of the court!
Tomorrow. 🏀🔥 A post shared by AmericanAirlines Arena (@americanairlinesarena) on Oct 20, 2017 at 7:21am PDT
ICONIC FOOD OF THE CITY
Cuban food
Cuban food! Love the flavors & it always leaves you full!
Taste of Cuba☺️ #whileinmiami #cubanfood #musteat #foodie #instafood #cubanfoodmiami #bestofcubancuisine #instaphoto A post shared by Bon-Bon Voyage (@bonbonmontero) on Dec 21, 2016 at 4:17pm PST
FAVORITE SPORTING EVENT
Miami Heat
NBA Heat games and don't forget to head to Puccis Pizza across the street on Biscayne for a slice of heaven! I mean slice of pizza!
Let's go HEAT! After the game come by for a slice of pizza or some wings! Show your ticket and the drinks on us! A post shared by Puccis Pizza (@puccispizza) on Feb 9, 2016 at 5:26pm PST
Police are warning people to be on their guard during the festive shopping season, as fraudsters take advantage of those full of the festive spirit.
Independent crime-fighting charity, Crimestoppers, is appealing to the public for information on those making, buying or selling counterfeit banknotes.
In the first half of 2017, over 237,000 worthless counterfeit banknotes with a notional value of over £4.88 million were removed from the UK's streets.
While less than 1 per cent of notes in circulation are counterfeit, this is not a victimless crime. Many retailers, businesses, school, charities and the elderly have been conned out of money using fake notes.
Christmas is a time when more cash changes hands, especially £20 and £50 notes, and fraudsters take advantage of the festive season by targeting busy shops with temporary staff.
Incidents include scammers tricking innocent members of the public into swapping fake £20 notes for two genuine £10 notes, and businesses being left out of pocket if they take a counterfeit note.
Serious business
Counterfeit notes are also known to be linked to serious and organised criminal gangs. One gang was sentenced to over three years' imprisonment for the manufacture of £320,000 worth of fake notes. In another more recent case, three men were prosecuted after £40,000 of fake notes were found in a Kent property that was also used to supply cannabis.
As well as raising public awareness of fake banknotes, in October Crimestoppers partnered with the Bank of England to launch the Banknote Checking Scheme. Aimed at cash-handling businesses, it promotes banknote checking at point of sale through targeted training, with the aim of reducing the number of counterfeit notes being accepted.
Further information on fake notes can be found on Crimestoppers' web page at fakenotes.co.uk.
Director of Operations for Crimestoppers, Roger Critchell, said: “Fake notes are completely worthless and knowingly holding or passing on counterfeit notes is a crime”.
“The purpose of this campaign is to raise awareness of counterfeit money, especially around Christmas when money can be tight, but also to highlight how heartless and callous fraudsters can be when targeting their victims”.
“I'd ask that anyone with information on those selling counterfeit notes contact Crimestoppers anonymously, safe in the knowledge no one will know you spoke to us, and knowing you may have prevented someone's Christmas from being ruined.”
Ben Crosland, Senior Manager of Banknote Engagement and Communications at the Bank of England, said: “The general public play an important role when it comes to reporting counterfeit currency. Campaigns like this and the recently launched Banknote Checking Scheme, are essential to encourage the public and businesses to help us and law enforcement stop the counterfeiters.”
If you have information on those making, selling or buying counterfeit notes then please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through our Anonymous Online Form at crimestoppers-uk.org/give-info.
MOUNT LAUREL, N.J. (AP) — A New Jersey community has raised enough money to send a beloved school bus driver and die-hard Philadelphia Eagles fan to the Super Bowl.
A group of parents and students surprised Gary Kelmer with the present when they pulled up to the last stop on their bus route on Monday in Mount Laurel.
Parents Amy and Izaak Smith wanted to raise money as a way to thank "Mr. Gary" for their daily kindness. They raised more than $5,000 in just a few days on the fundraising site GoFundMe to send Kelmer and their wife to the Super Bowl in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The Smiths purchased tickets, airfare and personalized jerseys for the couple.
A stunned Kelmer on Monday called it a "special dream come true" and exclaimed "I'm ecstatic."
An Iranian drone came within 1,000 feet of U.S. aircraft during fixed-wing flight operations on the USS Nimitz in the Persian Gulf Sunday, officials said.
The U.S. Navy characterized the approach of the Iranian drone as "unsafe and unprofessional," adding that the drone failed to use navigation lights at night, which "created a dangerous situation with the potential for collision."
The drone "made several passes in close proximity to Nimitz and its escort ships during active flight operations, coming within 1,000 feet of U.S. aircraft" and was unresponsive to repeated radio calls to establish communications, the Navy said in a statement today. - This is the 14th unsafe and/or unprofessional interaction between U.S. and Iranian maritime forces in 2017.
An Iranian drone came within 100 feet of a U.S. Navy F/A-18 fighter jet last week that was waiting to land on the Nimitz aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf.
That jet was in a holding pattern about 1,000 feet above the Nimitz when the unarmed drone performed an "unsafe and unprofessional altitude change" in its vicinity, a U.S. official said. The Iranian drone came 100 feet underneath and 200 feet horizontally from the U.S. jet, the official said.
Similar to Sunday's incident, the drone did not respond to warnings in the form of radio calls, prompting the jet to maneuver to avoid a collision, a second official told ABC News last week.
NEW YORK (AP) — Mayfield, Love, Fitzpatrick headline AP All-America team, playoff-bound Oklahoma has most players on first team.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel is in Poland for top-level talks that will focus on the European Union's future and security, and on bilateral issues between the neighboring countries.
Merkel was greeted Monday by Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki before going into talks on the EU's post-Brexit future, the bloc's budget, ways of solving the migration crisis and Poland's refusal to accept migrants under an EU plan.
They will also discuss the EU's energy security and Poland's opposition to a planned Russia-to-Germany gas pipeline, as well as Europe's strained relations with Moscow.
Merkel will also meet with President Andrzej Duda.
 They are making their second foreign trip, after visiting Paris, since they were sworn in for a fourth term last week.
Germany's new foreign minister visited Warsaw on Friday.
Getty Image
Comedian and New Orleans comedy theater founder Chris Trew is a New Orleans Pelicans fan who has a single season ticket directly behind the visitors' bench inside New Orleans' Smoothie King Center, where they intently listen to and interacts with the opposing team's players and coaches. They will be documenting their experiences here for us in a regular column called, Behind the Bench. You can follow their in-game interactions live on Twitter at @ChrisTrew. The Pelicans' opponent in this column: the Chicago Bulls, who visited New Orleans on Tuesday, October 3rd.
This game was especially exciting for me, because I've never attended a preseason game with these seats. How seriously do the players treat the first preseason game of the year? Are they workshopping new celebration rituals? If you're a brand-new player, how are you supposed to act? The answer to all of the above is that in my estimation, the Bulls were way too hype for their win in New Orleans. But I'm not really hating on them too hard. It's going to be a long season in Chicago, and it started at the Smoothie King Center.
Prior to the game I was filming a new web series for Pelicans.com where I interview a season ticket holder, called Section 504 (which is the New Orleans area code). The first episode is a doozy, as I interviewed the couple with the best seats in the house, on the floor, half court, with nothing between them and the action.
While the camera was rolling, former two-time New Orleans Pelican and brand new Bull Quincy Pondexter came over to say hello to the couple. They exchanged the basics: how are you, we miss you, good luck, how's your family. But then before Q-Pon returned to warmups they asked the couple if they would become Bulls fans while they were here in town. “We'll need you this season,” they said, while kind of laughing. Emphasis on “kind of.”
BEIJING (AP) — The wife of a detained Chinese human rights lawyer says they have been prevented from leaving their neighborhood in the latest apparent case of extra-legal harassment of those who fall afoul of the ruling Communist Party.
Xu Yan tweeted Thursday that they had been followed from their apartment by police officers who stopped them leaving by taxi by telling the drivers not to take them
Xu's husband, Yu Wensheng, was grabbed by police on Jan. 19 while preparing to take their 13-year-old son to school and has been charged with the loosely defined crime of inciting subversion.
During a visit to Beijing last week, German Chancellor Angela Merkel met with Xu and Li Wenzhu, the wife of another detained lawyer, Wang Quanzhang.
It was 75 years ago that Singapore, the island at the tip of the Malay Peninsula that had been a key strategic outpost of Britain's colonial empire, fell to invading Japanese troops. The events live on in history books more than in memories. But for Margaret Menz, who lost their brother there, the passage of years has not dulled the pain.
Menz was among hundreds of people who attended a commemoration ceremony Wednesday at Singapore's Kranji War Cemetery, which holds more than 4,400 white gravestones of soldiers from countries such as Britain, Australia and New Zealand.
World War II veterans, their family members and officials said prayers, observed a period of silence and laid wreaths in memory of lives lost.
The week before and of E3 is always a time filled with game announcements, cinematic and gameplay trailers, and a whole lot more. This year is no exception. We've been watching trailers all week, and we've picked out eight that we think everyone should see.
Think we missed one? Tell us what it is in the forums!
Far Cry 5
The first look at gameplay in Far Cry 5 showed up at E3, and it not only shows off the violent cult you'll be squaring off with, it also features the friends you'll team up with the take it down. Oh, and one of them is a dog that brings you guns.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
A new stripped-down Windows 10 build called "Lean" was discovered in the latest Insider preview of Windows 10. It lacks many Windows 10 features and has a 2GB smaller installation size.
Microsoft hasn't said what Lean's purpose is, but it appears to be for lower-end machines or those that need to be locked down from user tampering.
Microsoft's latest Windows Insider skip ahead build contains a new version of Windows 10 called Windows 10 Lean, which cuts the installation size by 2 GB.
Discovered by Twitter user Lucan, Windows 10 Lean cuts out several Windows 10 features: desktop wallpaper is disabled by default, the Microsoft Management Console and registry editor are missing, drivers for CD and DVD drives can't be installed, Microsoft Edge doesn't allow downloads, and Microsoft Office is missing as well.
At first glance it may seem that Windows 10 Lean is an alternative to Windows 10 S (which only allows app installation from the Windows Store), but Lucan quickly dismissed that by saying that those restrictions don't apply, as they were able to run applications normally locked to Windows 10 S users.
What is Windows 10 Lean's purpose?
The Twitter discussion growing up around Lucan's discovery of Windows 10 Lean is devoid of one important thing: an explanation as to its purpose.
Mary Jo Foley from TechRepublic sister site ZDNet speculated that it was a version of Windows 10 S for home or enterprise, but Lucan said they don't think that's the case. Windows 10 S, they said, is more like a set of restrictions on top of a standard Windows 10 install, which Lean definitely isn't.
Another Twitter commenter said it may be ideal for educational use, as schools often have older computers that need a smaller install. Add to that the heavy restrictions on what a user can do in Windows 10 Lean (no downloading, no Regedit, etc.) and you have a relatively resilient OS that has lower-end hardware requirements.
SEE: Securing Windows policy (Tech Pro Research)
WIndows 10 Lean could make a great OS for any systems that see a lot of user contact: Loaner machines, kiosks, sales floor demos, and other specific roles would be a great fit for Lean.
Anyone who has ever managed computers that see a lot of public contact knows they have to be locked down, and Windows 10 Lean seems designed for that particular purpose. There are a lot of things users can't do in a base installation of Lean, leaving it up to an administrator to pre-load an installation with certain software or settings that would be largely unalterable.
Given the limits of WIndows 10 Lean it's likely that it's designed to save space, be a quick install, and be customized as an image prior to being installed. Lean images could be configured to suit specific roles, and users would be largely unable to damage them.
We won't know what Windows 10 Lean is really designed for until Microsoft says so, but If you want to check it out now you can do so in Redstone 5 Insider preview build 17650, available now to Windows Insider members.
Get a roundup of the biggest Microsoft news of the week in your inbox: Subscribe to our Microsoft Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
President Donald Trump directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a statement from the White House Monday afternoon.
"Racism is evil -- and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said.
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for their unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups.
After blaming the violence "on many sides" Saturday, Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours. letting their trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness.
Trump's comments came as they took a short break from their 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House. They initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing their US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property.
This was the White House's latest attempt to clarify Trump's comments from Saturday.
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that "of course" the President condemns "white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups," but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Trump also remained mum on Twitter, declining to send a single tweet of their own Sunday, only the fourth in their 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of their own.
Trump did, however, use Twitter on Monday to push their political message and settle a score: They slammed Ken Frazier, the CEO of Merck Pharma, who resigned from Trump's manufacturing council over their failure to condemn white supremacists.
"Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES," Trump tweeted.
Frazier, one of the nation's top African-American CEOs, has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before they resigned their position.
This story is breaking and will be updated.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Russian pilot killed after jihadist rebels down their warplane over Idlib.
A Russian pilot was killed on Saturday in fighting with Syrian Islamists after their warplane was downed over Idlib in northwest Syria, AFP reported.
Russia's defense ministry and a monitor confirmed the incident. Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), a powerful jihadist-dominated alliance, said it had shot down the plane on an affiliated media channel but made no mention of the pilot.
"We were able to bring down the Russian warplane with a shoulder-fired missile above Saraqib in Idlib this afternoon," said Mahmoud al-Turkmani, who according to the statement heads HTS's "air defense brigade."
They said the attack was in retaliation for a ferocious bombing campaign by Russian warplanes over Idlib.
HTS is dominated by Al-Qaeda's former affiliate. The group controls Idlib, which it overtook in July of 2017, and has sought to fight back a ferocious Russian-backed assault by Syrian government troops.
The Russian defense ministry confirmed the Su-25 aircraft was shot down over Idlib province and said the pilot was killed "in fighting against terrorists."
"A Russian Su-25 aircraft crashed during a flight over the Idlib de-escalation zone. The pilot had enough time to announce they had ejected into the zone," the ministry's statement said, according to AFP.
"The pilot was killed in fighting against terrorists," it added, noting that "according to preliminary reports, the plane was shot down by a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor said the jet was downed near the town of Saraqib in Idlib and the pilot parachuted to the ground.
They were killed clashing with rebels as they tried to take them hostage, said the Britain-based Observatory.
Russia has been conducting air strikes in Syria since September 2015, in support of Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad, its close ally.
While Russia said it was attacking the Islamic State (ISIS), Western officials claimed Moscow was also targeting so-called "moderate" rebel groups fighting ISIS.
Opposition factions have shot Syrian regime planes in the past, but the downing of Russian aircraft is much rarer, noted AFP.
In August 2016, a Russian military helicopter was shot down over Syria and all five people on board were killed.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Images via E!
“I just got a call from the offices over at Vogue,” Kris Jenner tells their daughters Kendall and Kylie during Sunday night's episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians. “They're coming to review the Kendall + Kylie collection in new York. This is like, such a big deal.”
Advertisement
“Getting a review from Vogue and having it be positive would mean everything to the girls,” Kris explains. But Kendall, already a Vogue cover girl, says they find the prospect of a Vogue review “really terrifying.” Kylie, a generally unruffled personality, is seemingly chill about the situation.
“You should be proud of yourselves. The fact that they're giving you this attention in year one, Vogue usually does this after a designer has established themselves, even for years. And Nicole Phelps is actually the one coming to review the line,” Kris goes on to explain, more for the benefit of the viewers at home than for their children. “You should be very flattered that they want to see what you're up to.”
“Nicole Phelps has reviewed lines like Louis Vuitton, Givenchy, and all the top designers,” Kylie says of the Vogue Runway Director, helpfully breaking things down. “I mean if they love it, it'll be amazing, but if they don't, it could potentially make or break us,” Kendall adds.
The conversation between the sisters and their mother looks like it was shot the week of September 19, which is odd, given that we then see them present their collection to Phelps during New York Fashion Week, which took place the first week of September. In the scene, we see a man with a microphone that isn't identified, but was Vogue Runway Style Editor Edward Barsamian. The two did a Facebook Live interview with them on September 7. Phelps also posted about shooting that day.
Strange given that, in a later scene, we see Kris telling Kendall about the review—which was also published September 7—as they shoot a campaign for will.i.am's headphones or something, which appears to have taken place that week as well. “I know how nervous you were about the Vogue review,” Kris says to Kendall, before showing it to them and telling them “I heard they don't really give them this early” (whatever that is supposed to signify). Then we hear (though do not see) Kris saying “They love every single piece,” with a very large pause between “love” and “every,” suggesting that the sentence was spliced together.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“They don't just pass those out on a whim,” Kris adds.
The Vogue “review” in question is not much of one. Phelps talks about Kanye West's Yeezy collection, and notes, “Clearly, the Jenner name, like West's, moves product.” They quote the sisters explaining who their clothes are for, but quite honestly, most of it comes off as factual, not as commentary, and could even perhaps be taken as a dig at them if you're reading hard enough.
The Jenners are the “creative forces” behind the brand; they prefer not to have official titles. If their hands aren't getting dirty in the actual crafting of the clothes and accessories, the selling point is that the pieces are made in their image—their everyday style more than their red carpet getups.
“The pieces with the most personality are the result of collaborations with artists,” Phelps writes. “A satin souvenir jacket embroidered with a map of California and ‘West Side Till I Die' spelled out in gothic font qualifies as the coolest item in the lineup; it could appeal to shoppers for whom the Jenner name has no resonance, if indeed there are any of those left out there.”
Sponsored
But to Kendall and their mother, this short piece of writing counts as a rave, and KUWTK features the only two quotes that could be spun as more than neutral.
“I was bracing myself for a bad review, but instead we got a really good one, and it was a nice surprise,” Kendall says. Earlier in the episode, they had clarified that it's because of their closeness with Vogue that they were nervous, not in spite of it. “I feel like I obviously work with Vogue a lot, but in a different way, and it's kind of nerve wracking.”
Odd, given that they were on the cover of the magazine that month and you'd sort of assume that would slant things at least ever-so-slightly in their favor.
Sen. Rand Paul, a Republican from Kentucky who recently was attacked by a neighbor while working on their lawn, said they believe the anger and polarization around the country fueled the assault.
“Somebody who is going to attack you has to have something else wrong other than your yard,” they said.
“With the whole idea of the country being angry, over your yard or even the guy that shot us in the ball field … There's just some people so angry,” said the senator, who was on a baseball field over the summer when a gunman shot Rep. Steve Scalise, R-LA, and three others.
ABC News
The neighbor, 58-year-old Rene A. Boucher of Bowling Green, Kentucky, admitted to the assault, but denied accusations that it may have been politically motivated, according to court documents. Boucher was charged with assaulting a member of Congress resulting in personal injury, a felony under federal law, the documents say.
“I didn't know how badly I was hurt in the beginning,” Paul said of the injury. “To describe how much it hurt, I couldn't sit up. I had to have help to sit up for the first four or five weeks,” they said. “Who knew you had to have armed protection to mow your yard?"
They were wearing hearing protection when they were attacked from behind, they said. The attack ultimately left them with five broken ribs, three of which will heal in a crooked fashion.
Paul also discussed news of day with the co-hosts, including the release of a Republican memo accusing the Department of Justice of political bias. Paul appeared just minutes before the memo was posted online by the House Intelligence Committee but voiced their support for its release.
“If you look at my position, I had the same position under President Obama that I have under President Trump and that is the power to listen to people's conversation, your private conversations are private and nobody else's business and the government should not reveal that,” Paul said, prior to the memo's release.
ABC News
The memo was first drafted by the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif, amd is critical of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein for their role in renewing a surveillance warrant on former Trump campaign aide Carter Page after Trump took office.
The president approved its release on Friday, despite a statement Wednesday in which the FBI expressed "grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy."
Paul falls on the side of “privacy advocates,” they said, and is worried about information getting into the wrong hands.
“The worrisome thing is the government has all of your information. Do you want them releasing it willy-nilly against their enemies?” they said. “And think who the enemies are. They're people who are minorities of opinion, minorities of color. People who have a lifestyle that other people think is unacceptable. Do you want the government or the majority to be able to selectively target their enemies?”
The folks at Rocks Wood Fired Pizza and Grill have a delicious and varied menu, but what they specialize in is bringing the taste of Italy to the Tri-Cities. Larry Sangid, owner of Rocks, joined us to put together one of their amazing Margherita specialty pizzas.
For more info, call (423) 262-0444 or visit their website or Facebook page.
AP Photo/Steven Senne
BOSTON (AP) — Nearly a decade after they became Harvard University's first female president, Drew Faust is making plans to step down.
Faust announced Wednesday that they will leave their post at the end of the upcoming school year, which will also mark the end of a major fundraising campaign Harvard launched in 2013.
“On June 30, 2018, I will complete my 11th year, and the Harvard Campaign will reach its conclusion,” Faust said in an email to university students, faculty and staff. “It will be the right time for the transition to Harvard's next chapter, led by a new president.”
A noted historian of the American South and the Civil War, Faust plans to take a sabbatical and return to their scholarship after stepping down.
They had never been a college president when they were hired in 2007, previously serving as dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard. Them predecessor in the top job, Lawrence Summer, had been pressured out after five contentious years that brought them into conflict with many faculty members. The school's current leaders say Faust quickly mended those bridges and gained trust on campus.
“She came into office after a period of strife and controversy on campus, and they quickly restored trust and a sense of common purpose,” William F. Lee, the leader of Harvard's governing board, said in a statement Wednesday. “She was also able to introduce their own personality and leadership style – characterized by calm, candor and listening – to the campus as they ensured forward progress.”
Over the last decade, Faust has been credited with fostering collaboration among Harvard's academic factions, expanding financial aid for students and serving as a champion for both the arts and the sciences. Under their leadership, the school's current fundraising campaign has brought in $8 billion with a year to go, already topping the $6.5 billion goal.
But they have also faced their share of challenge and controversy.
Faust's administration has drawn backlash from alumni and faculty over efforts to crack down on all-male social clubs last year. Black students have demanded greater diversity on a campus where some say they feel isolated. In November, Faust suspended the men's soccer team over a lewd “scouting report” that made sexual comments about the women's soccer team.
And last year, Harvard's $35.7 billion endowment posted a 2 percent loss on its investments, its worst performance since 2009.
In their last year as president, Faust said, they will focus on fighting threats to federal funding for research, attracting top students, staff and faculty, and “advancing the work of inclusion and belonging that enables every member of our community to thrive.”
University officials say a search committee will be assembled in coming weeks to find a replacement.
Comments
comments
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- It will be one of the youngest groups in the history of the Pro Football Hall of Fame as Ray Lewis, Randy Moss and Brian Urlacher were all selected for enshrinement in the Class of 2018.
All three players were in their first year of eligibility and join Terrell Owens and Brian Dawkins as the modern-era selections to be enshrined. Those five players join longtime personnel executive Bobby Beathard (contributor) and seniors committee nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile for enshrinement.
The Hall of Fame's Board of Selectors met Saturday, the day before Super Bowl LII, to select the class. The 15 modern-era finalists were trimmed to 10 and then five. Those five finalists were then voted on with a yes or no for enshrinement. The contributor and two seniors nominees were voted on separately with a yes or no.
The Hall of Fame's enshrinement ceremony will be Aug. 4 in Canton, Ohio.
It was a day for the 1990s and 2000s NFL as Owens was the modern-era selection who had waited the longest and they were in just their third year of eligibility. Dawkins was in their second year of eligibility.
Lewis was the most decorated of the group as a 13-time Pro Bowl selection, two-time Defensive Player of the Year and Super Bowl MVP in their career as a Baltimore Ravens linebacker. Lewis started 227 games in their career and was credited with eight 100-tackle seasons.
"For 17 years, we could point to No. 52 and tell the other players: 'Follow their lead. Practice like Ray practices. Prepare like Ray prepares. Be a great teammate like him,'" Ravens general manager and executive vice president Ozzie Newsome said in a release from the team. "It was our privilege to have them as a Raven. We are all better for having them here. Their play on gamedays speaks for itself.
"Even in that small group who have the honor of being a Hall of Famer, Ray stands out. When you talk about the great players of all time, no matter position, they are among the greatest of the great."
Moss, who played for five teams in their career, is second all-time in touchdown receptions with 156 and had eight 1,200-yard seasons in their career. They played seven full seasons and part of another in Minnesota, site of Sunday's Super Bowl.
In the days leading up to Saturday's selection meeting, some wondered if Urlacher would be chosen in the same class as Lewis, as two high-profile players at the same position in largely the same era. But the athleticism and production of the former Chicago Bears middle linebacker tipped the scales.
Urlacher was an eight-time Pro Bowl selection and the league's Defensive Player of the Year in 2005.
Owens, who had been a finalist for the past three years, had been a hot-button candidate as well as with their own public criticisms of the board of selectors after they had not been chosen for the Hall in 2016 or '17.
A third-round draft selection of the San Francisco 49ers in 1996, Owens ranks eighth all-time in receptions (1,078), second in receiving yards (15,935) and third in receiving touchdowns (153). They played for the 49ers, Philadelphia Eagles, Dallas Cowboys, Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals in a career that spanned 15 years.
"Terrell Owens gave our organization eight great seasons of service and some terrific memories that will live on in 49ers lore," CEO Jed York said in a statement congratulating the six-time Pro Bowler. "He is one of the most accomplished wide receivers in the history of the NFL, and very deserving of this selection to the Pro Football Hall of Fame."
Owens, who is the only player to score a touchdown versus each of the current 32 teams, acknowledged their selection Saturday in an Instagram post featuring a Hall of Fame hat.
Dawkins played 13 of their 16 NFL season for the Eagles, who will face the New England Patriots in Sunday's Super Bowl. Dawkins, a nine-time Pro Bowl selection, was a rare player to have finished a career with at least 35 interceptions and 20 sacks.
"This is tremendous news and I could not be more proud of Brian. Being inducted into the Hall of Fame is an honor they truly earned," said Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie. "He epitomized everything we love about the game of football. Their intensity, their passion, their love of the game and their leadership were always dialed in at the highest possible level.
"He connected in every possible way with the city of Philadelphia and our legion of Eagles fans across the country."
But no former player waited longer than Kramer for enshrinement, who played their last season with the Green Bay Packers in 1968. Kramer was the only guard selected to the NFL's 50th Anniversary team and was a lead blocker for one of the league's iconic plays in the Packers' sweep. Kramer also cleared the way for Hall of Famer Bart Starr to score the winning touchdown in the Ice Bowl, the Packers' 21-17 win over the Cowboys in the 1967 NFL Championship Game.
"In the old days when the quarterbacks called their own plays, since most of them were right-handed, they called most of the plays to the right. So the defense would put their best men on that half of the field. Therefore, Jerry Kramer, as a right guard, played against the best defensive tackle every week. They still made All-Pro five times," said former Packers linebacker and 2013 Hall of Fame inductee Dave Robinson.
Brazile was a seven-time Pro Bowl selection as well as a four-time first-team All-Pro. The player known as "Dr. Doom'' was named to the NFL's all decade team of the 1970s.
Beathard was a personnel executive for five teams in their career, including Super Bowl winners in the Miami Dolphins and Washington Redskins. They were part of 10 division winners and four Super Bowl winners overall, including the 1972 Dolphins that finished undefeated.
Because it takes an 80 percent yes vote for a finalist to earn enshrinement, the votes sometimes cancel each other out if players are clustered at one position group. With two wide receivers in Owens and Moss as well as two linebackers in Lewis and Urlacher selected for enshrinement, it was a difficult day for five former offensive linemen who were finalists.
Joe Jacoby didn't make the cut from 15 finalists to 10, while Tony Boselli, Alan Faneca, Steve Hutchinson and Kevin Mawae did not make the cut from 10 remaining modern-era finalists to five.
Jacoby and former cornerback Everson Walls were both in their final year of eligibility as modern-era candidates. They now move to the seniors category and can only be considered for enshrinement if the seniors committee selects them as a nominee, a difficult proposition with the current backlog. Walls had not made the cut from 10 to five.
Former Patriots cornerback Ty Law was also eliminated in the cut-down from 10 to five. Wide receiver Isaac Bruce, running back Edgerrin James and safety John Lynch were eliminated in the cut-down from 15 to 10.
The University of Melbourne and Edith Cowan University (ECU) will host Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence (ACCSE) under a government program.
The government announced today that the universities will share $1.91 million over four years as part of the ACCSE program.
The ACCSE initiative was announced in February, with program guidelines stating that the aim was to “recognise the significance and ensure the relevance and effectiveness of cybersecurity programs and professions as part of the Government's Cybersecurity Strategy”.
The government in April 2016 launched its national cyber security strategy. The ACCSE program is part of Canberra's push to make Australia a “cyber smart nation”.
“The Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence will better prepare Australians for careers in cybersecurity and help Australian industries by providing training and research to bolster our capability and keep the digital economy strong,” said the minister assisting the prime minister for cybersecurity, Dan Tehan.
“Encouraging a generation of Australian cybersecurity professionals is good for our cybersecurity, good for the economy and good for the young Australians who pursue careers in this area,” Tehan said.
“These centres will help meet the unique challenges we face in the digital age by preparing a new generation of graduates to increase our cybersecurity workforce,” education minister Simon Birmingham said.
“The centres will encourage more students to take up undergraduate and postgraduate studies and research in cybersecurity and broaden the range of professionals capable of supporting a cyber-secure nation in to the future. Our ambition is to attract more of Australia's best and brightest into this critically important area, regardless of their background.”
“This announcement further recognises ECU as a leader in cybersecurity research and teaching nationally,” ECU vice-chancellor Professor Steve Chapman said.
“Since 2001 more than 1000 cybersecurity professionals have graduated from ECU's cybersecurity program — one of the longest running undergraduate cybersecurity degree programs in Australia.”
United Hatzalah and Magen David Adom medics confirmed the death of a baby in Bnei Brak in central Israel who lost consciousness.
Zeev Tepper, ambulance driver for United Hatzalah related, "When we arrived at the scene about a minute after getting the call, they brought to the ambulance a baby of about a year-and-a-half who had lost consciousness while in the care of a babysitter."
"We administered advanced resuscitation techniques and afterward, when an intensive care vehicle did not come, we evacuated the baby to Maayanei Yeshua Hospital in Bnei Brak where doctors continued working to save their lives but, unfortunately, they were forced to confirm their death."
PARIS (AP) — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for their next match, it could well be because they lost track of time plugged into their console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," they kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and their debut title on tour earlier this year, when they tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at their first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said they are concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win their first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," they said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has their way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because they hope to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," they said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those they beat on their way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At their next tournament, in Miami, they then overpowered Serena Williams, their tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
They started traveling with their games console from that point on.
"Sometimes I'm really bored in my room and I feel like I really want to play," they said. "That's why I started bringing it."
Just a handful of automakers offer three-row luxury SUVs. If you want one with robust towing capabilities, your choices narrow even further. Within that group are two well-known domestic models: the 2018 Cadillac Escalade and 2018 Lincoln Navigator .
Both SUVs are capable of hauling up to eight people in royal comfort, towing just about any recreational toy you can think of, or a mix of both. But which one is better for you? Here's how they stack up.
HOW THEY'RE SIMILAR
Both the Escalade and Navigator are traditional SUVs with truck-based, body-on-frame construction. They are each available in extended-wheelbase versions — the Navigator L and the Escalade ESV — that have additional cargo capacity behind the third-row seats. They also come standard with advanced 10-speed automatic transmissions and offer both rear-wheel and four-wheel drive.
External measurements and curb weights are similar, and both can hold up to eight passengers if you opt for the second-row bench instead of the captain's chairs. The Cadillac starts around $74,000 and the Navigator starts around $72,000. Both can end up close to $100,000 when fully stocked with features. As far as ownership goes, each SUV is covered by four-year/50,000-mile basic and six-year/70,000-mile powertrain warranties.
DIFFERENCES FAVOR THE NAVIGATOR
A key difference is newness. Lincoln has redesigned the Navigator for the 2018 model year, while the Escalade was last redesigned for the 2015 model year. A three-year advantage might not seem significant, but for cars, being the latest entry pays dividends.
The 2018 Lincoln Navigator pulls ahead with its turbocharged 3.5-liter V6 that produces 450 horsepower and 510 pound-feet of torque, compared to the Cadillac Escalade's 6.2-liter V8 and its 420 horsepower and 460 pound-feet of torque. This power advantage contributes to the Lincoln's 8,700-pound maximum tow rating that outclasses the Cadillac's by 400 pounds. The Navigator's V6 is also more fuel-efficient, returning an EPA-estimated 19 mpg in combined city and highway driving for a rear-wheel-drive model versus the Escalade's 17 mpg. Over a year, that edge translates to hundreds of dollars in fuel savings for the Navigator.
On the inside, the Navigator provides more passenger space in almost every metric, with the most significant advantage an additional 11.3 inches for third-row legroom. Similarly, the Navigator is also more accommodating with regard to cargo space. Its 20.9-cubic-foot capacity behind the third row, 63.6 cubic feet behind the second row, and maximum of 103.3 cubic feet overshadow the Escalade's 15.2 cubic feet, 51.6 cubic feet and 94.2 cubic feet, respectively.
BEYOND THE NUMBERS
The 2018 Navigator's advantage transcends the spec sheet. Comfort is paramount for any luxury vehicle, and the Lincoln takes an edge thanks to its more compliant ride quality and its option for 30-way adjustable front seats. A softer ride typically results in more body roll when cornering, but the Navigator manages it well. You'll feel the considerable weight while you're driving either SUV, but the Navigator imparts a more agile feeling behind the wheel.
The Navigator also leads in technology. A large 10-inch touchscreen sits atop the dash, right in the driver's sightlines to reduce distraction. There's also a slick, configurable LCD instrument display in place of traditional gauges. By comparison, the Escalade's touchscreen is only 8 inches and mounted lower on the dash. The Cadillac is further hampered with its capacitive touch buttons. They look great but are frustrating to use and require more attention than the Navigator's traditional buttons.
Beyond the Navigator's larger cargo volume, it's also more convenient for everyday living. It features a flat load floor with a slight lip on the edge to prevent items from rolling out. There's also a deployable panel that can be configured to keep items from being tossed around, to provide a split-level shelf, or to cover a trio of underfloor compartments. On the other hand, the Escalade is hindered by a 3-inch step-up in the cargo area that is needed to house the third-row seats when stowed, making it noticeably harder to load bulkier items.
THE CLEAR WINNER, FOR NOW
It should be obvious that the 2018 Lincoln Navigator is superior to the 2018 Cadillac Escalade. It's more comfortable, capable and advanced in nearly every way.
But it's possible that Lincoln's victory could be short-lived. Recent Escalade redesigns have followed the introductions of new Chevrolet Silverado trucks by about a year, and 2018 will indeed usher in a new line of Silverados. Cadillac has the potential to meet or beat the Lincoln Navigator's current dominance, but we'll have to wait and see whether that potential is realized.
EDMUNDS SAYS: For now, the 2018 Lincoln Navigator holds a considerable advantage over the 2018 Escalade. Your move, Cadillac.
____
This story was provided to The Associated Press by the automotive website Edmunds. Mark Takahashi is a senior writer at Edmunds. Twitter: @mark_takahashi
Related links:
— 2018 Lincoln Navigator First Drive: http://edmu.in/2DMODIC
— 2018 Cadillac Escalade Model Review: http://edmu.in/2DNuWAr
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – Knoxville Police Department said an officer was injured while performing a traffic stop. The incident happened Wednesday afternoon near the corner of Woodbine Avenue and Milligan Street.
Darrel DeBusk, with Knoxville Police Department, said a Knoxville police officer pulled over a car that appeared to be speeding and there was a fight between the driver and the officer. They said the officer was injured and taken to the hospital.
A man and woman were in the car, according to DeBusk. They said the man is facing charges.
China's civil aviation authority fined Dubai-based Emirates airline and barred it from adding new routes in the country over the next six months after two of its flights were cited for unsafe operations.
An Emirates plane on April 17 flew at the wrong height, and a plane on May 18 temporarily lost contact with air traffic control, the Civil Aviation Administration of China said. Both aircraft were flying over the city of Urumqi in China's western Xinjiang region at the time.
The authority said in a Wednesday statement that it had imposed a fine of 29,000 RMB ($4,300) on the Middle East's largest airline.
Emirates didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
The civil aviation administration has previously suspended Emirates for contravening its regulations.
In May last year it announced it had suspended the airline from adding new planes and destinations for six months in relation to a flight in January 2016 that landed with low fuel after two previous attempts were aborted because of strong wind. The administration said the plane's fuel on landing was critically low and the captain had refused to cooperate with their investigation.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday could go down as a key date in LaVar Ball's “master plan” to reunite Lonzo Ball, LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball on the Los Angeles Lakers. With Zo, trainer Darren Moore and agent Harrison Gaines looking on—and Magic Johnson, Rob Pelinka and Luke Walton keeping their own close watch—Gelo auditioned for the Purple and Gold ahead of the 2018 NBA draft.
Eric Pincus was at the UCLA Health Training Center to catch the end of that predraft workout and take part in LiAngelo's media scrum, and shared their insights with Josh Martin on the new “Hollywood Hoops.”
The co-hosts also dug into this week's predraft “Pro Days” and previewed the upcoming NBA Final four-match between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers.
Britain's information commissioner plans to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that they would request the warrant because Cambridge Analytica had been uncooperative with their investigation into whether the company illegally acquired and used Facebook data.
"This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously," they said.
Denham launched their investigation after weekend reports that Cambridge Analytica improperly used information from more than 50 million Facebook accounts. Facebook has suspended the company from the social network while it investigates the claims.
Facebook said Monday that it has put its own audit of the claims on hold at the request of the U.K. information commissioner.
The New York Times and the U.K.'s Guardian newspaper reported that the U.K.-based company obtained Facebook account data without the users' knowledge and retained it after claiming it had been deleted. Chris Wylie, who once worked for Cambridge Analytica, was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Cambridge Analytica says the information was acquired from a contractor who was contractually obligated to comply with data-protection laws. None of the data was used in the Trump campaign, the company said.
"I'm not accepting their response so therefore I'll be applying to the court for a warrant," Denham told Britain's Channel 4. "We need to get in there, we need to look at the databases, we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica."
The scandal has also triggered calls for further investigation from the European Union, as well as federal and state officials in the United States.
The head of the EU parliament said Monday that the bloc will investigate Facebook's role in the case.
"Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights," Antonio Tajani tweeted. "The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account."
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, both Democrats, have sought written responses from Facebook. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, also a Democrat, promised an investigation.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee.
———
Associated Press Writers Nick Jesdanun and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this story
The Latest on the French president's climate change grants (all times local):
6:15 p.m.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is arguing that U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord doesn't matter, because companies, scientists and other governments can "pick up the slack" to reduce global emissions.
The Hollywood star and former California governor took a spin on a Parisian electric bike Monday as part of events leading up to an international climate summit Tuesday hosted by French President Emmanuel Macron.
Schwarzenegger said "Donald Trump pulled Donald Trump out of the Paris agreement," but many in the private sector, cities and state governments, engineers and universities remain committed to fighting climate change.
A prominent environmental campaigner, Schwarzenegger acknowledged that many people "don't understand what global warming or climate change really means," and urged environmental activists to focus on efforts to fight pollution instead because of its health risks.
———
11:20 a.m.
French President Emmanuel Macron's "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants initially were aimed at American climate change researchers, but competition has been expanded to other non-French climate scientists.
Macron is unveiling the first winners Monday evening at a startup incubator in Paris called Station F, where Microsoft and smaller tech companies are announcing projects to finance activities aimed at reducing emissions.
French national research agency CNRS says the applicant list was whittled down to 90 finalists in September, the majority of them Americans or based in the U.S.
About 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with 60 million euros ($70 million) from the state and French research institutes.
Some French researchers have complained that Macron is showering money on foreign scientists while they are pleading for more support for domestic higher education.
———
9:40 a.m.
Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to win multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants are an effort by French President Emmanuel Macron to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front.
Macron announced a competition for the grants hours after Trump declared they would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
Macron is unveiling the winners Monday evening ahead of a climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the "One Planet Summit," co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo, freezing the bank's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls. In addition, bank agreed to replace four board members.
It's the latest blow against the San Francisco bank that has had its reputation tarnished by revelations it opened phony customer accounts and sold auto insurance to customers who did not need it.
The new penalties were announced late Friday on Fed Chair Janet Yellen's last day at the central bank.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," Yellen said in a statement. "The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers."
The Fed said it is restricting the bank's assets to the level where they stood at the end of last year until it can demonstrate that it has improved its internal controls.
The announcement came after the close of trading on Wall Street Friday. Wells Fargo's stock fell more than 6 percent in after-hours trading.
"We take this order seriously and are focused on addressing all of the Federal Reserve's concerns," CEO Timothy Sloan said.
Wells Fargo said that it is confident it will satisfy the Fed's requirements and reiterated that it remains "open for business."
The bank said it will continue to meet customer's financial needs, including saving, borrowing and investing.
It said it has the flexibility on its balance sheet to pull back from certain activities to meet the Fed's growth limits, although its exact steps have not been determined.
Sloan also emphasized that the order is related to prior issues, not any new matters.
"While there is still more work to do, we have made significant improvements over the past year to our governance and risk management that address concerns highlighted in this consent order," they said.
The company has agreed to replace three directors by April and another one by year-end. It did not specify which board members would be affected.
The Fed's new order marked the latest chapter in a series of scandals which have rocked the bank in recent years.
Wells Fargo has admitted that employees opened more than 3 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas. It ended up paying $185 million to regulators and settled a class-action suit for $142 million.
It also has admitted it signed up hundreds of thousands of auto loan customers for auto insurance they did not need. Some of those customers had their cars repossessed because they could not afford both the auto loan and insurance payments.
And Wells Fargo also offered refunds to customers last year after acknowledging that its mortgage bankers unfairly charged them fees to lock in interest rates on mortgages.
The Fed's action came on a 3-0 vote. Randal Quarles, who is the Fed's vice chairperson for supervision, has recused themselves from participating in matters involving Wells Fargo.
———
Skidmore Sell reported from Portland, Oregon.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Below is the statement the Fed released Wednesday after its policy meeting ended:
Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in May indicates that the labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising moderately so far this year. Job gains have moderated but have been solid, on average, since the beginning of the year, and the unemployment rate has declined.
Household spending has picked up in recent months, and business fixed investment has continued to expand. On a 12-month basis, inflation has declined recently and, like the measure excluding food and energy prices, is running somewhat below 2 percent. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations are little changed, on balance.
Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee continues to expect that, with gradual adjustments in the stance of monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, and labor market conditions will strengthen somewhat further.
Inflation on a 12-month basis is expected to remain somewhat below 2 percent in the near term but to stabilize around the Committee's 2 percent objective over the medium term. Near term risks to the economic outlook appear roughly balanced, but the Committee is monitoring inflation developments closely.
In view of realized and expected labor market conditions and inflation, the Committee decided to raise the target range for the federal funds rate to 1 to 1-1/4 percent. The stance of monetary policy remains accommodative, thereby supporting some further strengthening in labor market conditions and a sustained return to 2 percent inflation.
In determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments.
The Committee will carefully monitor actual and expected inflation developments relative to its symmetric inflation goal. The Committee expects that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant gradual increases in the federal funds rate; the federal funds rate is likely to remain, for some time, below levels that are expected to prevail in the longer run. However, the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data.
The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization program this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated.
This program, which would gradually reduce the Federal Reserve's securities holdings by decreasing reinvestment of principal payments from those securities, is described in the accompanying addendum to the Committee's Policy Normalization Principles and Plans.
Voting for the FOMC monetary policy action were: Janet L. Yellen, Chair; William C. Dudley, Vice Chairman; Lael Brainard; Charles L. Evans; Stanley Fischer; Patrick Harker; Robert S. Kaplan; and Jerome H. Powell. Voting against the action was Neel Kashkari, who preferred at this meeting to maintain the existing target range for the federal funds rate.
AP Photo/Eric Risberg
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Tiger Woods skipped their hometown tournament for the first time in 2002 to recover from remnants of a virus. That prompted a Los Angeles Times columnist to ask an annoying question to players at Riviera. Why would anyone come out to watch if Tiger isn't playing? Among the victims that day were defending champion Robert Allenby (“Then don't come – go home”) and two-time Riviera champion Fred Couples (“That's crazy. That's the most ridiculous question I have ever heard”). The irritation was understandable. Fifteen years ago, Woods was golf. A year earlier, they had become the first player to sweep the four majors, starting with a 15-shot victory in the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach. Months later, they would win the first two legs of the Grand Slam. It seemed all anyone cared about was Tiger Woods. Now? The question, while still reasonable, no longer seems as relevant. “I'm here, and I'm insulted that's not enough,” Paul Casey said, the sarcasm easily detectable through their laughter. Why watch? The simple answer is because Riviera is as good as any course the PGA Tour plays, and the field at the Genesis Open is the strongest of the year. Jordan Spieth is coming off a victory at Pebble Beach. Jason Day is trying to keep Dustin Johnson and Hideki Matsuyama from taking their No. 1 world ranking. Adam Scott and Sergio Garcia are playing for the first time in America this year. They are among eight of the top 10 players in the world, a list that doesn't even include defending champion Bubba Watson. While Woods is No. 693 in the world, what matters far more is that they spent 683 weeks at No. 1 in the world ranking. That record, much like their 142 consecutive cuts, are likely to never be touched. So yes, he's still very much relevant. Woods stopped playing Riviera in 2006. While the tournament gave them their first sponsor exemption in 1992 and they grew up 45 miles away, they only had one serious chance at winning. They were scheduled to return this year because the Tiger Woods Foundation now runs the tournament. But then they pulled out last week. Woods was out for 15 months recovering from three back surgeries when they made a soft return in the Bahamas at an unofficial event against an 18-man field with no cut. Then they missed the cut at Torrey Pines, flew to Dubai and withdrew after a 77 because of back spasms. They said the recurring spasms would keep them from playing this week and next week at the Honda Classic. Their absence at Riviera is jarring only as it relates to the future. Questions have shifted from how they will fare to when – or if – they can play again. But it is no longer as noticeable. Golf has gotten used to tournaments without Woods. They still draw the most attention, and it's not even close. One only had to see crowds lined up from tee-to-green at Torrey Pines a few weeks ago. So why watch? “Fifteen years ago … I wouldn't say there was no reason. You still had great players,” Pat Perez said. “But you didn't have anyone like Tiger at that time. But golf, in my opinion, has totally changed. Tiger is such an ‘if' that I don't think we'll see them for six months. Jordan, Jason and all these young kids winning, they're taking over. “They're not going to catch him. Even combined, they're not going to catch him,” Perez added. “Tiger is the needle. Anyone who argues that is crazy. But it's almost like seeing Bigfoot now. You don't know when you'll see him.” There's still a difference between great golf and a great golf attraction. “There is a needle factor,” Geoff Ogilvy said. “Tiger was the only guy to move that needle outside the golf world. Arnold (Palmer) did a little bit. But Tiger was on the cover of Sports Illustrated and Time, they were athlete of the year. … They did stuff no one had ever done, and the world took notice. They didn't take notice of golf, they took notice of Tiger.” Why would anyone come out to Riviera this week? To see a great golf course and a group of young players that Woods inspired. In the three years since Woods last had an injury-free season, four of the top six players in the world still in their 20s – Day, Rory McIlroy, Matsuyama and Spieth – have combined for 36 victories worldwide and five majors. Day was the first player to finish a major at 20-under par. Spieth tied Woods' scoring record at the Masters. “It would be a more stupid question now,” Ogilvy said. “It's in a great spot, golf.”
Comments
comments
NEW YORK (AP) — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2. Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series, with the home team winning all seven games.
If these budding rivals meet again this year, it will be in October.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision. The ace right-hander, who hasn't lost since April 10 at Boston, threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for their first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2.
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save in 13 chances. Stassi, subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann, hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York, including three postseason starts.
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning, and center fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton.
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2.
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel. Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field.
Severino retired their first 11 batters, striking out seven of their first nine, before AL MVP Jose Altuve bounced a single through a wide-open right side.
New York (35-17), which has won 17 of its last 21 at home, matched a season high at 18 games above .500. The Yankees are 14-4 against left-handed starters and have won 10 of their past 11 completed series.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: Slumping SS Carlos Correa was back in the lineup after a night off, and Springer took their turn receiving a rest. Springer struck out as a pinch hitter with two on to end the seventh and stayed in the game to play center field. … OF Derek Fisher (gastrointestinal discomfort) had a scheduled day off on their rehab assignment at Triple-A Fresno, manager AJ Hinch said. … The team was awaiting an update on McCann (sore right knee) after they were examined by doctors in Houston.
Yankees: RHP Adam Warren, on the DL since April 21 with a back strain, threw 41 pitches over three scoreless innings in a rehab start for Double-A Trenton. They allowed one hit and struck out three. … 1B Greg Bird was rested, leaving Gregorius as the only left-handed batter in the starting lineup against Keuchel.
UP NEXT
Astros: Return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. RHP Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game series Thursday night against LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
Yankees: An 11-game road trip that takes them to four cities, although they finish up in New York against the crosstown rival Mets at Citi Field. RHP Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98 ERA) tries to rebound from their latest disappointing start Thursday night in Baltimore. RHP Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07 ERA) goes for the last-place Orioles.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
In our city's darkest hour, @FDNY firefighter Thomas Phelan's heroism saved hundreds of lives. We will never forget their service and their sacrifice. https://t.co/dRn4xVFDza — Bill de Blasio (@NYCMayor) March 18, 2018
A 9/11 emergency responder who saved hundreds following the attack in 2011 has died of cancer at age 45.Authorities said Thomas Phelan, a New York ferry captain who later became a city firefighter, died Friday.The New York City Fire Department said when the Twin Towers were hit, Phelan helped ferry people from Lower Manhattan.In 2003, Phelan joined the FDNY as a firefighter and was promoted to Marine pilot, according to authorities.Mayor Bill de Blasio sent a tweet Sunday honoring Phelan's service and sacrifice.Phelan is one of the thousands of victims of cancer linked to the 9/11 attack.His funeral is scheduled for Tuesday in Brooklyn.
Spotted bass are some people's favorite and other people's least favorite bass. They were originally native to the Tennessee and Coosa River basins and have been widely introduced to other watersheds across the Southeast.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II returned to the Senate on Wednesday for their confirmation hearing by a panel of the Commission on Appointments (CA), this time, faced with Senator Antonio Trillanes IV, who is opposing their appointment.
Aguirre first appeared before the CA's committee on justice and judicial bar council last February 1 but their confirmation was deferred because Trillanes was out of the country to personally confront them for calling the senator names such as “son of a bitch,” a “stupid senator,” a coward, and “sundalong kanin” (useless soldier).
READ: Aguirre's CA confirmation deferred amid Trillanes' opposition
ADVERTISEMENT
Aguirre called Trillanes names after the latter accused them of being involved in the P50-million bribery scandal at the Bureau of Immigration.
“I will not deny that I have called Senator Trillanes ‘sundalong kanin,' ‘Gagong Senador' or ‘duwag.' I will not be me if I don't tell you the truth. I've been raised to tell the truth no matter how inconvenient it may be,” Aguirre told the CA panel during the least hearing.
BACKSTORY: Aguirre calls Trillanes coward, ‘sundalong kanin'
The nominee appealed to the panel to judge them not by the words they uttered but by the things they have done and can still do so as Justice Secretary.
Aside from Trillanes, a certain Engineer Darwin Reci has also submitted a sworn opposition on Aguirre's appointment. IDL
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations says the global economy is growing by about 3 percent — its highest rate since 2011 — and a significant acceleration from last year.
In its annual economic report and forecast released Monday, the U.N. says the upturn stems predominantly from faster growth in all major developed economies, with east and south Asia remaining "the world's most dynamic regions."
The report says that compared to 2016, when global growth was just 2.4 percent, "growth strengthened in almost two-thirds of countries worldwide in 2017."
U.N. economic chief Liu Zhenmin calls the rise "a welcome sign of a healthier economy."
The report says governments should now focus on longer-term issues, including climate change and the growing inequality between rich and poor.
Fish & Richardson announced that Susan Morrison has been named a recipient of the 2017 “Women Worth Watching in STEM” award by Profiles in Diversity Journal (PDJ).
According to PDJ, “these leaders are breaking barriers for women in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) careers.” PDJ also noted that these women, and the companies that support them, are “an essential part of a worldwide strategy to innovate, educate, and build a more connected world.”
Morrison is the managing principal of Fish's Delaware office. Them practice emphasizes intellectual property litigation and patent litigation across a full range of technologies, and includes substantial experience in Hatch-Waxman litigation concerning brand name and generic pharmaceuticals.
They received their J.D., summa cum laude, from Temple University Beasley School of Law in 2005 and their B.S., with high honors, in cell biology from Haverford College in 2001.
An unarmed Iranian drone shadowed a U.S. aircraft carrier at night and came close enough to F-18 fighter jets to put the lives of American pilots at risk, the Navy said Tuesday, reporting the second such tense encounter within a week. Iran's Revolutionary Guard said the U.S. safety concerns were unfounded.
The Iranian Sadegh drone flew without any warning lights Sunday night while shadowing the USS Nimitz, said Lt. Ian McConnaughey, a spokesperson for the Bahrain-based 5th Fleet.
The drone did not respond to repeated radio calls and came within 1,000 feet (300 meters) of U.S. fighters, they said.
That "created a dangerous situation with the potential for collision and is not in keeping with international maritime customs and laws," McConnaughey said in a statement.
The drone was unarmed, the lieutenant said, though that model can carry missiles.
Iran's Revolutionary Guard issued a statement early Tuesday saying their drones are guided "accurately and professionally," dismissing the U.S. Navy's concerns as "unfounded."
In a similar encounter Aug. 8, the Navy said an Iranian drone came within 100 feet (30 meters) of an F-18 preparing to land on the Nimitz. Iranian vessels and U.S. warships have also had tense encounters in recent months.
President Donald Trump has threatened to renegotiate the nuclear deal struck by their predecessor amid new sanctions targeting Iran over its ballistic missile tests.
So far this year, the Navy has recorded 14 instances of what it describes as "unsafe and/or unprofessional" interactions with Iranians forces. It recorded 35 in 2016 and 23 in 2015.
The incidents at sea almost always involved the Revolutionary Guard, a paramilitary force that reports only to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Some analysts believe the incidents are meant in part to squeeze moderate President Hassan Rouhani's administration after the 2015 nuclear deal.
Of the incidents at sea last year, the worst involved Iranian forces capturing and holding overnight 10 U.S. sailors who strayed into the Islamic Republic's territorial waters.
Iranian forces in turn accuse the U.S. Navy of unprofessional behavior, especially in the Strait of Hormuz, the mouth of the Persian Gulf, through which a third of all oil traded by sea passes.
———
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap. Their work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz.
Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president turned opposition leader in Ukraine, walked free Monday after a court in the Ukrainian capital refused to sanction their arrest, vowing to push for a peaceful government change.
Saakashvili was arrested Friday on allegations that they colluded with Ukrainian business people tied to Russia to topple President Petro Poroshenko, accusations Saakashvili rejected.
"I consider myself a prisoner of Ukrainian oligarchs," they said in an apparent reference to the business background of Poroshenko, who ran a chocolate business before they were elected president.
Prosecutors had asked to keep Saakashvili under house arrest, but the judge turned it down to the applause of Saakashvili's supporters.
The court's verdict marked a defeat for Poroshenko, who has faced mounting criticism for their failure to uproot endemic corruption.
The victorious Saakashvili said after the verdict that they will coordinate with other political forces in Ukraine to push for a peaceful change of government.
Saakashvili, who was refusing food to protest the arrest, said that the first thing they now wants is to get back home and eat.
Yulia Tymoshenko, a former prime minister who leads an opposition party, attended the hearing in a show of support for Saakashvili.
About 200 of Saakashvili's supporters gathered outside the court and scuffled with police earlier Monday.
On Sunday, thousands of Saakashvili's supporters marched across Kiev, demanding their release and calling for Poroshenko to be impeached.
Saakashvili was a key figure in the 2003 Rose Revolution protests that drove Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze from office. They served two terms as Georgian president in 2004-2013, winning broad acclaim for their anti-corruption efforts, but drawing criticism over a disastrous war with Russia and what their opponents saw as an authoritarian streak.
Poroshenko named them the governor of Ukraine's Odessa region in 2015, but Saakashvili resigned the following year, claiming that Poroshenko and other officials were impeding anti-corruption reforms, and became a strong critic of their former patron.
Georgia stripped Saakashvili of their citizenship after their move to Ukraine. Poroshenko this summer rescinded their Ukrainian citizenship while Saakashvili was out of the country, leaving Saakashvili stateless.
They forced their way into Ukraine in September, barging across the border from Poland with the help of a crowd of supporters.
———
Vladimir Isachenkov in Moscow contributed to this report.
PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Prince William County today congratulated three science start-ups – ISOThrive, LLC, Virongy, LLC and Ceres Nanosciences, Inc., – on recent business successes leading from the Prince William Science Accelerator.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006276/en/
Prince William Science Accelerator Lab 1.(Photo: Business Wire)
All three start-up enterprises have gained significant momentum, leading to expansion into new commercial lab space, increased R&D and the potential for new employment opportunities. ISOThrive recently expanded into new lab space within the Accelerator, Virongy has extended its lease for another year, while Ceres Nanosciences became the first start-up to successfully graduate into commercial space within Innovation Park, a premier corporate research park anchored by George Mason University's SciTech Campus.
“We are very proud of the significant strides being made by our tenant companies at the Prince William Science Accelerator and congratulate all three companies on their commendable progress,” said Jeff Kaczmarek, Executive Director, Prince William County Department of Economic Development.
“What we are seeing is the gradual realization of the vision, formulated by the Prince William Board of County Supervisors, for Prince William County to be a catalyst for the growth and development of the life sciences ecosystem that our businesses are benefitting from today,” they added.
ISOThrive recently expanded its footprint at the facility, now occupying two lab spaces. Through this expansion, the company will accelerate its work in leveraging the gut microbiome to prevent and treat cancer, with an initial focus on colon cancer. The company intends to recruit three new staff to support this new R&D effort that is expected to result in new U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved cancer treatment modalities. In addition to its new lease, ISOThrive has also opted to extend its existing lease for another three years to support the growth of its initial core business that produces OTC and Medical Food microFood products targeted at a variety of chronic health issues.
“Locating in the Prince William Science Accelerator has been instrumental to our company's success. Having easy access to cost competitive, state-of-the-art wet lab facilities, expert technical support, all within a research university setting has allowed us to conduct research, fine tune our business model and achieve a level of commercialization within a relatively short space of time,” said Jack Oswald, Chief Executive Officer, ISOThrive.
Virongy has recently renewed its lease for another year. The company's groundbreaking work has received the endorsement of the National Institute of Health through the award of a Phase I Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) grant for $220,000. The award supports additional R&D, in addition to funding commercialization efforts. “Locating in the Prince William Science Accelerator has allowed us to cultivate and leverage strategic partnerships with George Mason University. Proximity to the university has also allowed us to recruit from its pool of graduates skilled in life sciences,” said Dr. Yuntao Wu, Founder, Virongy.
Most recently, Ceres Nanosciences expanded into commercial space within Innovation Park. The company is known for its work in the development of diagnostic products using its unique and proprietary Nanotrap® particles.
First established in 2014, the Prince William Science Accelerator is designed to provide an innovative environment for entrepreneurial research and product development, nestled strategically in Innovation Park near George Mason University, SciTech Campus. Today, the County is home to approximately 9,000 businesses, an increase of 40% over the past ten years.
Want more Prince William County? Check out our latest video, sign-up for newsletters or visit us at: www.PWCEconDev.org or @PWCDED.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006276/en/
CONTACT: Prince William County, Virginia
Department of Economic Development
Ginny Person
Main: 703-792-5500
Direct: 703-792-5518
gperson@pwcgov.org
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA VIRGINIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH ONCOLOGY RESEARCH CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE SCIENCE GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: The Prince William County Department of Economic Development
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 02:27 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 02:27 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006276/en
Model Shulamit Malka has been released from Ichilov Hospital in Tel Aviv, where they were sent after suffering injuries in an electric-scooter accident.
Malka was released at their request after the medical team gave permission.
Getty Image
In today's ‘90s-obsessed pop culture climate, it's only right that festivals and events have begun to show more love to the icons of the decade that gave us Tupac, shiny suits, and some of the best foods and drinks you can't get anymore. The latest festival to jump onto the trend is Red Bull Music Festival New York 2018, which has added a conversation with music video director Hype Williams as part of their Director's Series conversations (past guests include Werner Herzog, Spike Lee, and more). Red Bull has even curated a playlist of the director's best videos from the era, which you can check out below.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The Red Bull Music Fest is the company's annual celebration of not just music, but the art, video, film, and wider culture surrounding its creation and distribution. Along with a month-long schedule of concerts, film premieres, and late night parties, the festival features conversations with prominent figures in music, from the artists themselves to the producers, execs, and music video directors who help bring their visions to life and to the people.
2018's lineup spans genres from rock to hip-hop, stopping at alt-R&B, dance, and even reggaeton along the way. Aside from the conversations with the above directors, this year's festival will include a talk with singer Robyn, the debut of the film Betty Davis: They Say I'm Different, and a female-heavy rap concert featuring up-and-comers like Asian Doll, Bali Baby, Chynna, and Rico Nasty.
Check out the website for more information and the full lineup below.
RED BULL MUSIC FESTIVAL NEW YORK 2018
5/3 — If This Knowledge Scares You, The Equation Is Working with Wiki in collaboration with Coati Mundi and visuals by Arvid Logan, Show Me The Body, Standing on the Corner, MIKE, Sporting Life, Mal Devisa, Tony Seltzer, 700 Bliss (Moor Mother + DJ Haram), Edan @ Pier 17
5/4 — John Maus @ Deno's Wonder Wheel Park at Coney Island
5/4 — RAMMΣLLZΣΣ: Racing for Thunder @ Red Bull Arts New York
5/5 — A Conversation with Harry Belafonte in partnership with Jill Newman Productions and moderated by Kimberly Drew @ The Main Theater at Hostos Community College
5/6 — serpentwithfeet: both moons @ The Refectory at the High Line Hotel
5/8 — Red Bull Radio Live: The Federation Sound with Max Glazer featuring an interview with Spice @ Friends and Lovers
5/9 — Tristan Perich: Drift Multiply with Lesley Flanigan @ The Cathedral of Saint John the Divine
5/10 — A Conversation on Visual Music: Hype Williams, moderated by Jeff “Chairman” Mao @ AMC Empire 25
5/11 — Dream Machine with Master Musicians of Jajouka – Bachir Attar and Mustapha Attar (Morocco), Genesis Breyer P-Orridge, Oliver Coates (UK), Dave Harrington Group, Sophia Brous, Zeena Parkins, Greg Fox, Trevor Dunn & Special Guests @ Pioneer Works
5/12 & 13 — Fever Ray with Nidia, Bunny Michael @ Brooklyn Hangar
5/16: Red Bull Radio Live — Bien Buena with Riobamba and Uproot Andy featuring interviews with DJ Nelson (The Noise), Isabelia Herrera (Remezcla), Wayne Marshall (Berklee College of Music), Marjua Estevez (Vibe) @ Nublu 151
5/18 — Careful on the Pavement with Bali Baby, Asian Doll, Rico Nasty, Lil Wop, Chicken, HANZ, DJ Kenn, Chynna, and Omar Doom as Straight Razor @ The Cutting Room
5/19 — Reggaeton: Hasta Abajo with The Noise live, Rosa Pistola, DJ Lobo, Riobamba @ La Marina
5/20 — Red Bull Radio Live: Peak Time with Vivian Host featuring interviews with DJ Stingray, Errorsmith & Volvox @ Rose Gold
5/20 — Peak Time Elsewhere with DJ Stingray, Errorsmith (Live), Juliana Huxtable, Star Eyes, Debit @ Elsewhere
5/21 — A Conversation with Robyn, moderated by Kindness @ The Roy and Niuta Titus 1 Theater at The Museum of Modern Art
5/22 & 24 — Oneohtrix Point Never: ‘MYRIAD' @ Park Avenue Armory
5/23 — Betty Davis: They Say I'm Different NYC Film Premiere @ Billie Holiday Theatre
5/25 — Brujas x Performance Space New York: Anti-Prom @ Performance Space New York
10:10 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Stone-throwers target Jewish cars near entrance to haredi town Read more Three cars attacked by stone-throwers near Beitar Illit south of Jerusalem, including car carrying two small children. ► ◄ Last Briefs
BERLIN (AP) — A group of city counselors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
Judge Elizabeth Scherer has determined that Florida shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz is indigent and the 19-year-old will keep their public defender, the State Attorney's Office told ABC News today.A total of 17 students and teachers of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, were shot deadafter Cruz, armed with an AR-15-style rifle, allegedly unleashed their attack on Feb. 14.Cruz has been charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder and is being held at the Broward County Jail without bond. They have pleaded not guilty but their lawyers said they would change their plea to guilty in exchange for life in prison without the possibility of parole.Scherer came to a decision in their chambers and did not make a formal ruling in the courtroom.A status hearing in Cruz's case is slated for Friday, but it's unclear if Cruz will appear.Cruz's lawyers have said previously that they wished to donate any inheritance due to them from their late mother's estate to the victims' families or an organization that will help the community heal.Cruz stands to collect up to $800,000 from their late mother's estate and various other financial accounts in their name.His mother, Lynda Cruz, died Nov. 1, 2017, after contracting the flu , leaving an Allstate Life Insurance policy to Cruz, according to one of their lawyers.The decision to funnel their fortune to the victims or charities came as more information surfaced that Cruz was set to inherit a windfall."Just so the court is aware, Mr. Cruz does not want those funds," their attorney, Melissa McNeill of the public defender's office, told Scherer during an April 11 hearing. "He would like that money donated to an organization that the victims' families believe would be able to facilitate the healing in our community."There are already numerous lawsuits that are attempting to recover some of Cruz's inheritance. =One lawsuit was filed by one of Cruz's alleged victims, Anthony Borges, in March.The 15-year-old was shot in the gut and the legs while attempting to shield other students from the bullets.Borges' attorney alerted Broward County officials that a grievance against the school district for alleged lapses in preventing the school shooting and protecting the students from harm would be filed."The failure of Broward County Public Schools, and of the principal and school resource officer to adequately protect students, and in particular our client, from life-threatening harm, were unreasonable, callous and negligent," lawyer Alex Arreaza wrote in a letter.A Broward County Public Schools spokesperson at the time refused to comment citing "potential, pending, or open litigation."
AP photo
Beijing started expressing its irritation in connection with Washington's geopolitical games. Barely restraining emotions, representatives for China's Ministry for Foreign Affairs tried to explain how "American games" may end.
"Trade war games have no future, they only lead to dual losses," spokesperson for the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China, Hua Chunying stated, RIA Novosti reports. Even though the Chinese official spoke exclusively about Washington's another attempt to "pin down" Beijing, a similar conclusion applies to the sanctions that the West imposed on Russia too.
Hua Chunying is confident that the nuclear problem of the Korean Peninsula and trade relations between China and the United States are in no way connected. According to her, China and the United States should build cooperation "on the basis of respect for the interests and apprehensions of the two sides."
"The nuclear problem of the Korean Peninsula and trade and economic issues lie in different areas, and it is completely unacceptable to use one of those issues as an instrument of pressure on another matter," they said, adding that China's relations with the United States were very important. In this regard, Beijing is ready to make joint efforts with Washington to maintain a healthy and stable development of economic and trade relations, only on the basis of mutual respect, equality and profit.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — President Donald Trump is weighing in on Virginia's governor's race.
Trump attacked Democrat Ralph Northam on immigration issues in a tweet late Thursday, accusing Northam of “fighting” on behalf of violent MS-13 gang members. Trump urged Virginians to vote for Republican Ed Gillespie.
Gillespie — a consummate Washington insider — has sought to keep Trump at arm's length throughout the campaign while also trying to rally Trump supporters with hard-edged attacks on Northam over immigration.
Northam responded on Twitter he's been expecting Trump's attack and asked supporters for donations.
Virginia is just one of two states electing governors this year, a swing state contest viewed as a possible referendum on Trump's first year in office.
MS-13 has become a target of Trump in seeking support for a broader immigration crackdown.
The latest film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, "Avengers: Infinity War," will be released later this week on the heels of the global blockbuster, "Black Panther," adding another flick to the superhero franchise. But unlike "Panther," this film is the culmination of 10 years of earlier films and there are five times as many characters to keep track of.
Here's a quick list of basic questions most Marvel novices are asking, along with much-needed answers if you plan on checking out the film this weekend.
1 - Who is Thanos?
Good question, this big baddie has been teased for about five years now. Basically, he's one of the deadliest villains in the Marvel Universe and a demigod.
In "Infinity Gauntlet," which this film is loosely based on, Thanos covets death as a partner and soulmate and goes on a quest to wipe out half the galaxy to impress them We don't quite know their plan in this film or why precisely they want to hatch it, but it's certainly for nefarious reasons.
2 - What are the Infinity Stones?
Another excellent query. If Thanos is able to collect all six stones and unite them with their gauntlet, he'll have infinite power.
As we've seen in "Guardians of the Galaxy," just one stone by itself can destroy planets. Imagine six united.
Marvel Studios
3 - What movies do I need to see before this one?
OK, this is a tough one.
Marvel Studios
Start with "Black Panther" because it was most recently released. Also, check out earlier films like "Iron Man," "Guardians" and the latest "Thor," which is titled "Ragnarok" and also feeds into this one. There are 18 movies in all, and if you haven't watched yet, don't stress.
"GMA" will also have full recaps for you later this week if you want to read about them in 15 minutes or less! So, check back in!
4 - Are a lot of characters going to die?
That remains to be seen, but it's a safe bet.
Marvel Studios
In the books, half the Marvel Universe got wiped out when Thanos got their stones. This may not happen, but with Marvel moving into its next phase, the heroes that began this journey 10 years ago like Chris Evans and Robert Downey Jr. will start passing off the torch to younger superheroes like Tom Holland and Chadwick Boseman.
But, yes, bring tissues.
5 - Can we expect any romance?
Surprisingly, that's a big yes too.
We've already seen in the trailers that it looks like Vision (Paul Bettany) is in a relationship with Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen).
Also, Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) are set to reunite and they had a thing going on in the last "Avengers" film.
Finally, there's Gamora (Zoe Saldana) and Star-Lord (Chris Pratt). They've always had this "will they, won't they" kind of thing happening.
Even with a Mad Titan breathing down our favorite heroes' backs, there's always time for love.
6 - What makes an Avenger?
The Avengers are Earth's mightiest heroes. Basically, if they have honor and work with the government in the best interest of the people, they can be one. Oh, and the superpowers also help.
Marvel Studios
The group is always changing and it's original members included Iron Man, Captain America, Black Widow, The Hulk and more.
New Avengers include Vision, Scarlet Witch and War Machine.
"Infinity War" is out nationwide on Friday.
ABC News and Marvel are both part of parent company Disney.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Our readers call for Niagara Region's CAO to resign and call for Ottawa to better equip the Navy.
Region CAO, incumbents can leave
Niagara Region's CAO Carmen D'Angelo should resign.
If the chief administrative officer does not know the difference between an inconvenience and theft they should step down.
It is clear they do not understand the rights of Canadians and again shows abuse of power by denying those rights.
Since they are the top dog at the Region, they are responsible for the infringement of a reporter's rights, and for directing a subordinate to take private property.
In Canada we have laws which were not followed, the cops helped usher the victim out of a public building while standing by as private property was stolen.
Call the Ontario police commission, the Human Rights Commission and a Crown attorney to properly solve this total lack of respect and breach of a citizen's rights.
It is time that we go after the province to review just what the Region is supposed to do, besides steal from citizens and obstruct human rights.
It appears it is working under the notion it is a dictatorship and its leaders can do what they want no matter what the laws are.
I will not vote for any incumbent on the council next fall — they have shown where they stand.
John Hunt
Niagara Falls
Do what's best for the Navy
Well here we go again with the government de jour messing up plans to re-equip our Armed Forces with new assets, in this case the Navy, with new ships.
Why can't these people get anything right as far as military procurement is concerned? Both parties, the Liberals and the Conservatives, have continually messed up since the days of John Diefenbaker. The NDP is not involved in this discussion as it does not give defence spending any sort of priority. Probably why they will never get elected with a majority. Canadians are incredibly proud of our military in spite of the ongoing incompetence of our federal government.
In fairness I get it that the European proposal was an 11th-hour proposal and, of course, we want as much work done in Canada as possible. My question is why are these new programs always so late and bungled up in telling potential suppliers exactly what our design specifications and planned usage for these new ships are?
I also question why on earth we would ever get a proposal from Lockheed Martin after the F-35 stealth fighter debacle. In fact Lockheed and its partner, British firm BEA, propose a ship that is still on the drawing board. Again can you say F-35? Why would we expect any better for this design concept.
It appears the European proposal addresses the Canadian content issue, so what is wrong with building a proven design with a fixed price?
Even the U.S. is considering this design, let's get our act together, put the bureaucracy in its place and do what's best for the Navy and the stressed out taxpayers.
John C. Duquette
Port Colborne
23:33 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Rocket siren heard in the Ashkelon area A "Red Alert" incoming rocket siren was heard a few minutes ago in the Ashkelon area. Locals reported hearing explosions shortly after the siren went off. Full Story ► ◄ Last Briefs
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on a bill before Congress to requires governing bodies for amateur athletics to promptly report abuse claims to law enforcement (all times local):
10 p.m.
The House has followed up on the sex abuse scandal involving sports doctor Larry Nassar by passing legislation that requires governing bodies for amateur athletics to promptly report abuse claims to law enforcement.
Nassar was sentenced last week to up to 175 years in prison for sexually abusing more than 150 women and girls over 25 years.
The sentencing sparked new calls from lawmakers to complete action on legislation that had already received widespread support in both chambers of Congress.
The House took up the Senate version of the bill to speed up its passage, approving it Monday by a vote of 406-3. Because of a change in the bill, it now goes back to the Senate for approval before heading to President Donald Trump for their signature.
The NBA released to team the list of 236 players who have filed as early entry candidates for the 2018 NBA draft, including 181 players from colleges and 55 international players. This number is up significantly from last year, which had 182 players (137 colleges, 45 internationals), an increase of 30 percent from 2017.
Players wishing to enter the 2018 NBA draft were required to submit a letter to the NBA to be received no later than Sunday, April 22 at 11:59 PM ET. Players who have applied for early entry have the right to withdraw their names from consideration for the draft by notifying the NBA of their decision in writing no later than 5 p.m. ET on Monday, June 11. Under NCAA rules, in order to retain college basketball eligibility, underclassmen that have entered the 2018 draft must withdraw by Wednesday, May 30.
Here is the list of college players who have applied for early entry into the 2018 draft, which will be held Thursday, June 21:
And here are the international players:
Additionally, the NBA sent teams a list of six players who are "auto-eligible" for the 2018 draft. These are international players (as defined in the CBA) that may have signed professional basketball contracts with teams in leagues other than the NBA prior to January 1, 2018. If this information is correct, these players would also be eligible for selection in the 2018 NBA draft. Because this information has not been verified, however, teams will have to do their own due diligence (as with any other draft selection).
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Depending on who is making the case, Alabama's special Senate election Tuesday is about either continuing the “Trump miracle” in Washington or allowing “decency” to prevail back home.
At the center is Roy Moore — “Judge Moore,” to their supporters. The 70-year-old Republican was twice ousted as state Supreme Court chief justice after flouting federal law, and now he's attempting a political resurrection amid accusations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls when they were in their 30s.
In Moore's path is Democrat Doug Jones, a 63-year-old former U.S. attorney best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen who killed four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat previously held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Republicans hold a narrow 52-48 Senate majority. A routine election in Republican-dominated Alabama wouldn't be expected to alter that balance, because Alabamians haven't sent a Democrat to the upper chamber of Congress since 1992. President Donald Trump notched a 28-point win here in 2016 and remains popular in the state.
But Moore's baggage leaves the outcome enough in doubt that both Trump and their Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, have weighed in with last-minute robocalls trying to sway voters.
The intensity also has spawned a steady stream of fake news stories that fill social media feeds of interested people in Alabama and beyond. An Associated Press analysis, in cooperation with Facebook, counted as many as 200 false or misleading reports heading into the weekend. One website claimed one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. They did not. Meanwhile, Moore's detractors took to social media to claim they had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office. They didn't.
In their final pitch before polls open, Jones called the choice a “crossroads” and asked that “decency” prevail.
“We've had this history in the past, going down the road that … has not been productive,” Jones said. “We've lagged behind in industry. We've lagged behind in education. We've lagged behind in health care. It's time we take the road that's going to get us on the path to progress.”
At their own election eve rally, Moore again denied all the allegations, calling them “disgusting” and offering voters a clear measure: “If you don't believe in my character, don't vote for me.” Earlier in the day, Moore cast themselves as the victim. “It's just been hard, a hard campaign,” they said.
For Alabama, the outcome could be defining.
Democrats and moderate Republicans see an opportunity to reject a politician who is already regular fodder for late-night television and enough of a curiosity that Chinese leader Xi Jinping paused a presidential meeting in Beijing recently to ask Trump through an interpreter, “Who is Roy Moore?”
Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed publicly that they wrote in a “distinguished Alabama Republican” rather than vote for Moore.
Many Republicans, however, see an opportunity to defend the state's conservative, evangelical bent in the face of unfair liberal criticism while delivering another victory for Trump and sending an anti-establishment senator into a federal government that has been reflexively unpopular among Alabama majorities for generations.
Trump's campaign architect and former White House adviser Steve Bannon told Moore supporters Monday evening that the race is a “national election” that will determine whether the “Trump miracle” continues. Moore says they are aligned with the president and they make similar arguments to Trump, blasting “the elite” in the “swamp” of Washington, D.C.
For Jones to win, they must build an atypical coalition, maximizing turnout among African-American voters and white liberals who often don't combine for more than 40 percent of the electorate, while coaxing votes from enough white Republicans who can't pull the lever for Moore.
One of Jones' celebrity backers framed the choice as being much less complicated.
“I love Alabama,” said Leeds native and former NBA basketball star Charles Barkley, “but at some point we've got to draw a line in the sand and say, ‘We're not a bunch of damn idiots.'”
Polls open at 7 a.m. local time.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 17-5-1 17-7-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 16-8-0 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 12-10-5 8-13-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 17-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 16-4-3 13-7-4 10-3-2 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 17-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 17-4-4 9-14-1 8-8-0 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 12-10-3 11-9-4 5-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
MAYA BAY, Thailand (AP) — Once a pristine Thai paradise, mass tourism has exhausted the secluded bay made world famous by the Leonardo DiCaprio movie "The Beach."
Now it's to get some respite from the daily influx of dozens of boats and thousands of visitors unsuccessfully scrambling for an unspoiled view of glistening white sands and emerald waters.
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago.
Thai authorities have promoted unfettered tourism but now claim to be striving to balance profit and conservation. They say the closure will happen every year.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's State of the Union offer of a "down-the-middle compromise" on immigration did nothing to move Republicans and Democrats closer to a deal, as Democrats accused the president of lacing their speech with racially charged remarks and Republicans dug in on their demands.
The reaction to Trump's high-profile overture suggested both parties were settling into a protracted tug-of-war. The standoff left serious doubt whether the two parties could reach an election-year pact to protect hundreds of thousands of young immigrants from deportation, sharpen border security and take other steps to curb immigration. The two parties had not even settled on a deadline for an agreement — a bad sign in an institution that rarely acts unless under pressure.
"If the deadline is Feb. 8, we're not going to make it," No. 2 House Democratic leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland said Wednesday, noting a looming deadline for approving government funding to avoid another shutdown.
"It's going to take work for us to build a consensus," Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., the House GOP vote counter, said in an interview Tuesday. Scalise noted that Republicans took "weeks and weeks" to craft tax legislation last year.
Earlier this month, Senate Democrats looking to pressure Republicans to reach an immigration deal forced a three-day federal shutdown. While many Democrats have little appetite to repeat that strategy, party leaders have yet to indicate if they'll let future budget legislation move forward without an immigration accord.
The tone of the immigration debate, already testy, seemed to worsen after Trump asserted Tuesday night that "open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities" and let millions of immigrants "compete for jobs and wages against the poorest Americans."
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said Wednesday that Trump used "insulting words of ignorance and prejudice." Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham, D-N.M., who leads the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, said the remarks were "meant to enflame tensions about immigrants" and would stir up Trump's conservative base but damage talks.
Republicans said Democrats are not making serious offers as they bargain over Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, the Obama-era program that's shielded immigrants in the U.S. illegally who were brought here as children. Trump said last year they were ending the program, claiming executive overreach by President Barack Obama, but gave Congress until March 5 to enshrine it into law.
"If Democrats don't figure out a way to negotiate, then the DACA program will end and that's not an outcome I think anybody would like," said Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, the second-ranking Senate GOP leader. "But they will be responsible for it."
Even that March 5 date was in doubt, according to Hoyer, who's been meeting with other leaders. They said Republicans suggested Trump could extend that deadline, though a congressional GOP aide said they were unaware of that option.
The urgency of the March 5 deadline was also blunted by a federal judge's decision to temporarily block the end of the DACA program. As a result, U.S. immigration authorities resumed accepting requests to renew DACA permits, which give recipients permission to live and work in the country.
Trump has proposed a 10- to 12-year track to citizenship for around 1.8 million younger immigrants protected by DACA or eligible for its guarantees. That's enraged GOP conservatives.
"The heartburn is the amnesty component," said Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., leader of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus, referring to Trump's offer of citizenship. Meadows said that plan needs "a few adjustments that may be major" before it could pass the House.
Trump also wants $25 billion for border security, including their prized wall, despite campaign promises that Mexico would fund it. They would end a lottery used to encourage immigration from diverse countries and redistribute some of those visas to applicants with high-skilled jobs.
They would also limit relatives that immigrants could sponsor for legal U.S. status to spouses and underage children. They call that "chain migration," a term immigration advocates find nearly as offensive as the idea of barring them from helping parents, siblings and other relatives.
"We will not reach agreement as long as they want to attack the very underpinning of legal immigration. My sister is not a distant relative," said Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., a hard-line advocate for immigration.
GOP lawmakers were also wary of changes Trump would make, such as potential curbs on visas that allow temporary agriculture or seasonal workers into the U.S.
"I favor legal immigration, I want to eliminate illegal immigration," said Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D. They said Trump's proposal was "a good first step."
The conservative-leaning Cato Institute has called Trump's proposals "draconian restrictions on legal immigrants" that would exclude nearly 500,000 legal immigrants annually, cutting their numbers by nearly 50 percent.
Without a deal, Democrats risked a backlash from liberal voters furious about any failure to protect the young immigrants known as "Dreamers." Republicans were wary of letting deportations begin in a year in which they'll be defending Senate seats in Nevada and Arizona, swing states with high Hispanic populations.
___
Associated Press writer Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
A Niagara Falls man has built what they say is the world's only fully automated metal Terminator — or T-800 for the nerds out there.
The life-sized movie model, which is made of aluminum and stainless steel, is complete with eyes that light up red and Terminator-themed music. It moves its body and even has a voice — Arnie's voice from the movie.
The project was a dream of Derek Costello's, a retired Niagara Falls resident, who says he's a big fan of the movie franchise.
“I've seen the movies a thousand times. Terminator 1, Terminator 2: Judgment Day.”
During the building, Costello didn't stray away from accurate details.
Even the teeth are modelled after the real Arnold Schwarzenegger's teeth, they say.
They say they know children these days will pick out anything that's wrong.
“You know, if you make one mistake building the thing, the kids go, ‘You can't have that, that's gotta be right,' so all this I had to do exactly like the movie.”
In the first movie of the franchise released in 1984, a cyborg assassin, disguised as a human and known as a Terminator (Schwarzenegger) travels from 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton). Sent to protect Sarah is Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn), who divulges the coming of Skynet, an artificial intelligence system that will spark a nuclear holocaust. Sarah is targeted because Skynet knows that their unborn son will lead the fight against them. With the virtually unstoppable Terminator in hot pursuit, they and Kyle attempt to escape. The science fiction action film was directed by James Cameron.
Costello says some parts of their cyborg took them a couple of attempts to get just right.
Terminator even has their own green card, which was necessary to take it to Buffalo Comic Con, one of four comic-cons at which it will be making an appearance this year.
Costello says they were surprised to find out that their cyborg is unique in being the only metal one in the world.
“I thought I was just doing one of the ones from the movies. But the ones from the movies were all made from plastic.”
As far as they know, there are no other Terminator figures like his.
Costello made every part himself, from shaping the metal for the face to rounding off the metal for the fingers. The final price tag, they say, was about $7,000.
“I had to make everything. There's nothing you can buy.”
The model was all constructed in Costello's garage in their spare time. They say it took four months to build, working about five hours a day. But the reward of having completed it in January was worth it for him.
Costello says the neighbourhood kids love to come and see it.
The figure says iconic phrases made famous by Schwarzenegger such as “I'll be back” and “Come with me if you want to live.”
Costello controls the Terminator from a station that looks like it's straight out of The Wizard of Oz, the whole time looking more excited than a child on Christmas.
This isn't a first for Costello, who has created other figures for museums in the past.
In addition to Buffalo, the Terminator will be at Comic Cons in London and Ottawa this year.
Comic Cons are held around the world and include various forms of entertainment genres and comic-related themes.
An animal rights group said on Monday that it would file charges against the people behind “Oro,” one of the entries in the Metro Manila Film Festival (MMFF), over the scene where a dog was slaughtered.
“An animal was killed in making a movie and that is unacceptable, not just in law but also as a responsible filmmaker. No one should do this,” said Anna Cabrera, executive director of the Philippine Animal Welfare Society (PAWS).
In a letter to Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) General Manager Tim Orbos, who is also the chair of the MMFF executive committee, Cabrera said the makers of “Oro” violated Republic Act No. 10631 or the Animal Welfare Act.
ADVERTISEMENT
Cabrera said the killing of dogs, even as part of a ritual or ethnic custom, should be coordinated with the Bureau of Animal Industry and Committee on Animal Welfare (CAW).
Cabrera, who is also the chair of the CAW technical working group on the humane use of animals in media and entertainment, said they did not receive any information from the filmmakers about the gory scene.
According to her, the filmmakers had previously said that no animals were hurt in the movie. They later admitted that a dog was indeed killed, although “Oro” director Alvin Yapan said that none of their actors or crew was involved in the slaughter.
“What the film did was to capture the culture of violence in a far-flung province,” they added.
In a meeting attended by PAWS, the filmmakers and the MMFF executive committee on Monday, some points were agreed upon, including the putting up of a notice outside movie houses showing the movie. It will say that the film has been edited and the filmmakers and cast are committed to promoting both human and animal rights. The controversial scene will also be edited out.
Cabrera, however, expressed disappointment, saying they had hoped that the movie would be pulled out from theaters and its awards revoked.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James spent the morning sending a crystal clear message to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the wake of Kevin Love's knee injury: things will be just fine as long as James is on the court.
They spent the night backing that up against an emboldened Andrew Wiggins and the Minnesota Timberwolves, as if anyone doubted them in the first place.
James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to lead the Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyrie Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
“The one thing that we can always rely on is the fact that we've played without Kev before,” James said. “We've had to do that in the playoffs. As much as you don't like to play without some of your big guns, sometimes if it happens then you're just ready for it.”
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
“It's always competitive playing them,” Wiggins said. “I feel like it brings out the best in everybody.”
James took their time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
“It's been a burden on me since I got drafted. Why does it change now?” James said when asked if they have to do more with Love out. “Nothing's changed. I'll have my guys ready to play every single night.”
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. They hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth.
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made their surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them their best punch. They entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, their highest scoring average against any team in the league.
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit theirs from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to drop Wiggins to 0-6 against the Cavs.
“We'll get 'em eventually,” Wiggins said.
TIP-INS
Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted them No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards.
Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in their left knee.  They are expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
As they prepared to face a Timberwolves team filled with very young players trying to find their place in the league, James was asked how long it took them to turn the corner as a professional.
“I turned a corner very, very young,” James said, smiling. “Probably about 16.”
STEPHENSON INJURED
Guard Lance Stephenson has played well since signing a 10-day contract last week, and the Wolves were hoping to have their defensive intensity against James and the Cavs on Tuesday night. But Stephenson grotesquely rolled their left ankle just three minutes into their first shift and needed help walking off the floor. Stephenson hit their only two shots before they were injured.
UP NEXT
Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break.
Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
Comments
comments
Getty Image
What a season for Aaron Rodgers. After the Packers got off to a slow start, we jumped the gun by a few weeks and claimed Rodgers was “back” from their struggles when the Packers were at 4-3. Three weeks later, they were sitting at 4-6, on the edge of falling out of the playoff race. Sure, the issues in Green Bay stemmed more from the ragged pass defense and nonexistent run game, but still — it was grim. Rodgers, however, publicly said, “I feel like we can run the table,” which earned scoffs at the time, but lo it has come to pass.
The Packers finished the 2016 season on a six-game winning streak, capped off with a primetime victory over the Detroit Lions to once again win the NFC North. The Lions ended their year on a three-game losing streak, and now have to travel to Seattle if they want to keep their season alive past Wild Card weekend. The Packers' defense is now as injured as it's ever been in the secondary, but even with castoffs manning the outside, the Lions couldn't keep pace with Rodgers at their best.
You could feel the pressure the Lions were under to keep pace with the Green Bay offense every time they had the ball, and it resulted in Matthew Stafford forcing a lot of throws to score quickly, like the decisive interception late in the game, which Stafford forced to Golden Tate at the goal line when Micah Hyde was draped all over him. Hyde played well in the game, but he'll likely be picked on by opposing quarterbacks in the postseason.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. [...]
DETROIT (AP) — With their team in a slump that threatened to derail a once-promising season, Stan Van Gundy boldly put the Detroit Pistons on a new path.
Where it will lead is anyone's guess.
The trade that brought Blake Griffin to the Pistons includes plenty of risk. The 6-foot-10 forward with an All-Star pedigree has a lengthy highlight reel and an injury history to match. But in their fourth season as Detroit's coach and team president, Van Gundy wasn't going to let this opportunity pass. If healthy, Griffin is the type of player who could lift this franchise significantly — and not just this season.
"The hardest thing to do in this league is to get a proven star," Van Gundy said Tuesday. "You get very few opportunities to do it."
Detroit has made the playoffs once under Van Gundy, but when the Pistons lost their eighth straight game Sunday, this season seemed to be slipping away. Detroit has looked lost without injured point guard Reggie Jackson, and although center Andre Drummond is signed long term, the future appeared murky at best.
Guard Avery Bradley was on an expiring contract, and recent draft picks Luke Kennard and Stanley Johnson look more like role players than stars. The Pistons weren't in a clear rebuilding mode, but improving the roster wasn't going to be easy.
So Detroit took a gamble, sending Bradley and leading scorer Tobias Harris to Los Angeles for Griffin in a six-player trade announced Tuesday morning. The deal also cost the Pistons a first-round draft pick.
"It's a great addition," said Detroit forward Reggie Bullock, who once played with Griffin on the Clippers. "We're getting an All-Star-caliber player coming to a team to add onto the one that we already have."
The upside is obvious. The Pistons have been mediocre for most of the past decade, but they've never picked higher than seventh in the draft during that period. Detroit isn't considered a major free agent destination, so if the Pistons were going to acquire a player like Griffin, this was one way to do it.
Griffin agreed to a $171 million, five-year deal with the Clippers in July, so Detroit can keep them for a while, albeit at a prohibitive cost.
"Everybody can view that differently. 'Oh wow, you're locked into 140 million dollars-plus.' Yeah, but he's locked into us too, as one of the best players in the league," Van Gundy said.
The 28-year-old Griffin has averaged 21.6 points, 9.3 rebounds and 4.2 assists in their career, and they and the 24-year-old Drummond could be a formidable frontcourt tandem. Van Gundy acknowledged that the NBA has become more perimeter oriented, but they say there is value in trying to build a different type of team.
"Like the Tampa Bay Rays in baseball. Everybody wanted power hitting and on-base percentage. They couldn't get that. What did they go do? They went and built it on relief pitching and defense, and were very, very competitive for years," Van Gundy said. "So we're not in a situation where we can be that choosy, and we can't necessarily go and try to do it the same way as everybody else."
The question is whether Griffin can stay healthy. The Clippers drafted them first overall in 2009, but they missed the 2009-10 season after surgery on their broken left kneecap. They also missed 21 games last season and 47 in 2015-16.
If Griffin isn't able to stay on the court, that big contract will become quite a burden for the Pistons — and even if they are healthy, Detroit may need to be creative to build a capable supporting cast around them and Drummond.
Van Gundy already suggested that it will be hard for the Pistons to make another major move before this year's trade deadline next week.
"If you look at our roster, and the fact that we gave up a pick and the whole thing, we don't have a ton of assets now to really do anything major," they said. "But it doesn't mean something couldn't come up."
No matter how this deal turns out, it feels like a tipping point for Van Gundy, the kind of trade that could define their tenure in Detroit. The Pistons will have a hard time withstanding any significant decline in Griffin's performance, but if they remain the star he's been for much of their career, their arrival could be a big step in the right direction.
"Since we've gotten here, all of our discussions have talked about, you know, how do you get that guy? How do you get the real superior talents in this league?" Van Gundy said. "You've got to have one of those guys."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Fishing on a diversified fishery brings moments of excitement along with utter disappointment. After recently fishing a Bassmaster College Series event on Cherokee Lake in Tennessee, the different habits of smallmouth bass, largemouth bass and spotted bass were made evident.
Seattle Sounders forward Felix Chenkam (99) leaps to kick the ball near the goal during the first half of the team's U.S. Open Cup soccer match against the Portland Timbers, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Tukwila, Wash. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren)
While a number of Major League Soccer players were fanned out across the globe for World Cup qualifying matches, some of those back at home stayed busy preparing for the fourth round of the U.S. Open Cup this week.
A slate of games was played Tuesday, with the majority of the schedule set for Wednesday.
Officially called the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, it is the longest-running soccer tournament in the United States and gives amateur teams a chance to take on the pros, setting up the chance for an intriguing Cinderella team to advance far into the tournament.
This year that Cinderella was Christos FC, which made it to the fourth round before being knocked out of the competition Tuesday night by D.C United.
Sponsored by a Baltimore-area liquor store, Christos Discount Liquors, the Christos FC players rarely practice and starters are often determined by day-job work schedules.
Christos went up 1-0 on Mamadou Kansaye's free kick in the 23rd minute that sent the team's supporters into a frenzy, but DC United scored four unanswered goals for the win . Fans gave Christos a standing ovation at the final whistle.
''As the U.S. grows into a soccer country, this kind of match is going to happen more and more,'' United coach Ben Olsen said. ''There are going to be more, better-quality amateur teams that can make these kinds of runs, and that's what's great about the Open Cup. These stories can happen, and I'm sure they will happen even more in the future. As the amateurs get better, so does our league, so does USL, and NASL, and so on.''
Christos midfielder Cody Albrecht had to get back to work at Northrop Grumman at 7:30 a.m. on Wednesday.
''To get the press we've gotten, have guys doing interviews after their day jobs, it's been a lot of fun for us. Being a Cinderella story, and having all of the support from Baltimore, was awesome,'' Albrecht told reporters afterward.
Christos FC followed in a long tradition of teams that rose to the challenge in the U.S. Open Cup.
In 2012 the Michigan Bucks knocked off the Chicago Fire to reach the fourth round. The Bucks, who play in a sweet indoor stadium in Pontiac, play in the Premier Development League, the top level for amateurs. They boast an impressive nine wins over professional sides, and are the only team at their level with two wins over MLS teams.
Also that year, Cal FC, an amateur team coached by former U.S. national team star Eric Wynalda, embarrassed the Portland Timbers to advance to the fourth round. The Timbers Army supporters' group chided their team by chanting: ''Care like we care!'' during the final minutes.
Within moments after the 120-minute match, ''Cal FC'' was trending on Twitter and Wynalda seemed genuinely amused: ''I don't know what to tell you guys. I'm a little bit taken aback by all of this.''
One other intriguing Cinderella in the MLS era of the competition was Dallas Roma FC, which knocked off Chivas USA on penalties for the third-round victory in 2006
FC Dallas is the reigning U.S. Open Cup champion. The winner gets a spot in the group stage of the CONCACAF Champions League.
GAME OF THE WEEK: FC Dallas, last year's Supporters' Shield winner, has won just one of its last six matches and is coming off a 2-0 loss last weekend on the road to the Portland Timbers. After a U.S. Open Cup match Wednesday, Dallas heads back to the Pacific Northwest to play the Vancouver Whitecaps. The Whitecaps - who will have had two weeks off going into Saturday's match - have split their last four matches and currently sit in fifth place in the Western Conference - behind fourth-place Dallas.
BEST OF THE REST: The Philadelphia Union host the New York Red Bulls on Sunday in what has been dubbed a ''Demolition Derby'' match that will feature Philly's CJ Sapong (8 goals) and New York's Bradley Wright-Phillips (6 goals). The Union beat the Red Bulls 3-0 on May 6.
As for the ''demolition'' part, Union fans at the game can take a sledgehammer to a Red Bulls-themed car with the proceeds going to the Philadelphia Union Foundation.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Portland's Fanendo Adi won league Player of the Week honors after scoring both goals in the Timbers' 2-0 victory at home last weekend over FC Dallas.
The win brought Adi's total goals this season to eight. They now have 49 career MLS goals, as well as 13 multi-goal games.  They are Portland's top scorer across all eras since the team was established in 1975 (NASL).
Read More
We're looking at what a border-adjustment tax could mean for retailers; the United States' push for NATO members to spend more on defense; and the new responsibilities that come with being a physician.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour says they will pay a fine after being arrested with a loaded handgun in their briefcase as they went through an airport security checkpoint.
Barbour — Republican National Committee chairperson in the mid-1990s and governor from 2004-12 — told The Associated Press on Tuesday they were trying to board a flight Jan. 2 from Jackson to Washington. They said they forgot they were carrying the gun, which they had put in their briefcase after an assistant removed it from their car days earlier.
"This was absentmindedness and nobody's fault but mine," said Barbour, 70, who lives in Mississippi and frequently travels to Washington for their job as a lobbyist.
Transportation Security Administration spokesperson Lisa Farbstein said a TSA officer working at an X-ray machine at a checkpoint at Jackson-Medgar Wiley Evers International Airport spotted a .38-caliber revolver, loaded with five bullets, in a passenger's carry-on bag. TSA contacted airport police, who arrested the passenger. The TSA would not release the passenger's name, but Farbstein confirmed it was a former governor, and Barbour confirmed to AP that it was he.
Barbour said they did not dispute Farbstein's use of the word "arrest," though they said they were not handcuffed and no mugshot photo was taken. Barbour described the TSA officers and the airport police as "very nice but very professional."
"They did exactly what they should have done, which was treated me like anybody else," Barbour said.
The fine for having a loaded firearm at an airport checkpoint begins at $3,920, according to a TSA website .
AP filed a public records request with the Jackson airport authority Jan. 23, seeking a copy of a police report from the Jan. 2 incident. State law gives a government seven working days to respond, and the airport had not done so by Tuesday.
Barbour said the gun was confiscated and they boarded their flight to Washington.
"Next time, I'll be more observant about getting stuff out of my briefcase," they said.
____
Follow Emily Wagster Pettus on Twitter: http://twitter.com/EWagsterPettus .
After LeBron James captured yet another Eastern Conference title on Sunday night, the conversation about the Cavs star turned, of course, to their legacy and what eight straight NBA Finals appearances means in the grand picture of their illustrious career. And you can bet when LeBron legacy chatter starts, Michael Jordan's name will be mentioned.
The LeBron vs. MJ debate won't disappear with James still going strong in Year 15, but it's hard to inject anything of substance into the discussion with all of the angles being beaten into the ground by analysts each day. If only we had someone with a few rings of their own to weigh in on the subject...
Oh, here's Kobe Bryant!
We can enjoy one without tearing down one. I love what he's doing. Don't debate what can't be definitively won by anyone #enjoymy5 #enjoymj6 #enjoylbjquest — Kobe Bryant (@kobebryant) May 28, 2018
Bryant makes a valid point. The tendency to point toward Jordan any time James takes a step on a basketball court can suck all of the enjoyment out of watching the games in front of us. Yelling about which player deserves the G.O.A.T. tag quickly becomes an exercise in futility.
Story Continues
But the much funnier part of Bryant's tweet is how they framed it. They sneak in the #enjoymy5 hashtag just to remind NBA fans exactly what they did during their 20-season run with the Lakers. It's a subtle, extremely Kobe move, and it's absolutely terrific.
They don't really fit in the LeBron vs. MJ debate (for reasons explained here), but why should that stop him? This is the kind of confidence that allowed them to make some of the most difficult shots we've ever seen.
It also opened the door for a pretty solid burn, though. But hey, it was still better than anything on FS1!
CARDIFF, United Kingdom, June 14: Hasan Ali took three wickets as Pakistan restricted England to 211 all out in their Champions Trophy semi-final at Cardiff on Wednesday.
Sent in on a used pitch after Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed won the toss, England found runs hard to come by, with no batsman making a fifty.
Joe Root top-scored with 46 and Jonny Bairstow, recalled in place of dropped opener Jason Roy, 43.
Paceman Hasan returned excellent figures of three for 35 in 10 overs.
Such was Pakistan's control that usually big-hitting England all-rounder Ben Stokes's 34 took 64 balls and did not include a single boundary.
But the way Pakistan collapsed to 162 for seven chasing 237 in their virtual 'quarter-final' against Sri Lanka in Cardiff on Monday before winning by three wickets would have given England some hope at the mid-innings break.
Mohammad Amir, who made 28 not out Monday in an unbroken eighth-wicket stand of 75 with Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed (61 not out) was missing from this match because of a back spasm.
Title-holders India play Bangladesh in Thursday's second semi-final at Birmingham's Edgbaston, with the final at the Oval in London on Sunday. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand beat the West Indies by 240 runs Tuesday in the second cricket test to win the two-test series 2-0:
_____
New Zealand 286-7 (Jeet Raval 84, Colin de Grandhomme 58, Kane Williamson 43, Trent Boult 37 not out; Shannon Gabriel 4-119, Kemar Roach 3-58, Miguel Cummins 2-57) and 291-8 decl. (Ross Taylor 107 not out, Kane Williamson 54; Miguel Cummins 3-69, Rohan Chase 2-51, Shannon Gabriel 2-52) def, West Indies 221 (Kraigg Brathwaite 66, Shane Dowrich 35; Trent Boult 4-73, Tim Southee 2-34, Colin de Grandhomme 2-40, Neil Wagner 2-73) and 203 (Roston Chase 64, Kemar Roach 32, Raymon Reifer 29; Neil Wagner 3-42, Mitchell Santner 2-13, Trent Boult 2-52, Tim Southee 2-72).
TAICHUNG, Taiwan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--The Patient Safety Movement Foundation (PSMF) joined the Taiwan Patient Safety Culture Club (TPSCC) at the 2 nd Annual Patient Safety Rally hosted by the TPSCC in Taichung, Taiwan on April 21, 2018. Sixteen healthcare organizations, including fourteen hospitals, committed to implementing the PSMF's evidence-based Actionable Patient Safety Solutions (APSS), which have been proven to improve healthcare quality and eliminate preventable harm, and deaths, in hospitals.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005360/en/
More than 150 attendees, including hospital executives and staff, attended this year's 2nd Annual Patient Safety Rally in Taiwan (Photo: Business Wire)
“I've said before that we must not hope for zero preventable patient deaths, we must plan for zero. We are thrilled by the leadership of Dr. Mingi Chan Liao M.D., Ph.D. and the Taiwan Patient Safety Culture Club who have rallied Taiwan's hospitals to act on behalf of patients everywhere. Only through action will we be able to eliminate preventable harm from hospitals,” explained Joe Kiani, Founder, and Chairman of the Patient Safety Movement.
At the rally, Joe Kiani welcomed attendees with a short video. Each hospital's leadership and executive staff took the stage to publicly announce their commitments to implement the APSS that, when implemented, will positively improve the care provided in their facilities. The list of committed hospitals and partners include:
1. Taichung Armed Forces General Hospital
2. Taitung Hospital
3. Chiayi Branch, Taichung Veterans General Hospital
4. Ministry of Health and Welfare Pingtung Hospital
5. Keelung Hospital Ministry of Health and Welfare
6. Taipei Hospital, Ministry of Health and Welfare
7. Jianan Psychiatric Center, Ministry of Health and Welfare
8. Hua-lien Hospital, Ministry of Health and Welfare
9. Pingtung Christian Hospital
10. St. Joseph's Hospital
11. Tung's Taichung MetroHarbor Hospital
12. Penghu Hospital, Ministry of Health and Welfare
13. Taichung Tzu Chi Hospital, Buddhist Tzu Chi Medical Foundation
14. Changhua Christian Children's Hospital
15. Committed Partner: Taiwan Healthcare Quality Association
16. Committed Partner: Unison Healthcare Group
Also speaking at the rally were Ms. Maria Cvach, the director of Policy Management and Integration at Johns Hopkins Hospital and Dr. Shin Ushiro, a professor of safety management at Kyushu University Hospital, Japan. The Patient Safety Movement Foundation's Vice President, Ariana Longley, was on hand to support the work being done by the TPSCC, as one of the PSMF's most active committed partners internationally. More than 120 supporters attended the rally as the Taiwan Patient Safety Culture Club works to join the PSMF in unifying the healthcare ecosystem.
“To improve patient safety, we must not only listen but act. I am thrilled by the commitment of all sixteen committed hospitals and partners who have shown great leadership by implementing evidence-based processes proven to improve patient safety. The combined commitments from our two rallies means that 19 out of 22 administrative regions have embraced patient safety with the commitment to ZERO preventable deaths by 2020,” explained Dr. Chan Liao.
Following the rally, Ms. Longley joined the Club's President, Dr. Chan Liao, for visits to local hospitals. The rally is the second in the last year by Taiwan's hospitals to raise awareness and take action to improve patient safety in hospitals. Last year, 19 Taiwanese hospitals made commitments to implementing APSS.
For more information on the rally or the Patient Safety Movement Foundation, please visit patientsafetymovement.org or contact Tanya Lyon, Public Relations Manager at (949) 351-2858 or tanya.lyon@patientsafetymovement.org.
About Patient Safety Movement Foundation:
More than 200,000 U.S. patients and three million worldwide dice each year from preventable causes. The Patient Safety Movement Foundation (PSMF) was established through the support of the Masimo Foundation for Ethics, Innovation, and Competition in Healthcare to reduce that number of preventable deaths to zero by 2020 (0X2020). Improving patient safety requires a collaborative effort from all stakeholders, including patients, healthcare providers, medical technology companies, government, employers, and private payers. The PSMF works with all stakeholders to address problems with actionable solutions. The Foundation also convenes the World Patient Safety, Science and Technology Summit bringing together some of the world's best minds for thought-provoking discussions and new ideas that challenge the status quo. By presenting specific, high-impact solutions to meet patient safety challenges, called Actionable Patient Safety Solutions, encouraging medical technology companies to share the data their products are purchased for, and asking hospitals to make commitments to implement Actionable Patient Safety Solutions, the Patient Safety Movement Foundation is working toward zero preventable deaths by 2020. Visit http://patientsafetymovement.org/.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005360/en/
CONTACT: Patient Safety Movement Foundation
Tanya Lyon, 949-351-2858
Public Relations Manager
tanya.lyon@patientsafetymovement.org
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CANADA TAIWAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PRACTICE MANAGEMENT HEALTH HOSPITALS NURSING MANAGED CARE
SOURCE: Patient Safety Movement Foundation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005360/en
The City of Lloydminster will be testing its emergency alert system on Wednesday, April 19.
The test will be city-wide and includes phone calls to phone numbers that are listed in the White Pages and Yellow Pages.
Residents will receive a call with a pre-recorded message and will be asked to press one. No further action will be required.
You can also sign up to receive emergency alerts through the city's website.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The NEO Exchange (“ NEO ”) is pleased to announce that Ether Capital Corporation (“ Ether Capital ”) has launched in the public markets on NEO, trading under the symbol ETHC. Ether Capital is a Toronto-based technology company whose objective is to become the central business and investment hub for the Ethereum ecosystem. The Company's common shares began trading on NEO on April 19, 2018.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006107/en/
Ether Capital, including CEO Michael Conn and Board Director John Ruffolo, joined Jos Schmitt, President and CEO, NEO Exchange, to open the market and celebrate the launch of Ether Capital on NEO. Ether Capital common shares began trading on NEO on April 19, 2018 under the symbol ETHC. (Photo: Business Wire)
“We are proud to launch on the public markets and begin executing our business plan to initially invest in Ethereum's native utility token ‘Ether' as a strategic asset and then subsequently identify strategic acquisitions in Ethereum based businesses,” said Som Seif, Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer of Ether Capital. “As the first publicly listed company focused solely on the Ethereum ecosystem, we are excited to provide investors with the opportunity to invest in one of the foundational building blocks of the blockchain space. To help drive this industry-shifting disruptive technology, it is important for us to have an innovative partner in the public markets and we are pleased to work with NEO as we bridge the gap with the financial industry. ”
“As a publicly traded company, we will have the liquidity and transparency we need to maintain the permanent source of capital that will fuel our growth, and subsequently the growth of Ethereum-based businesses,” added Michael H. Conn, Chief Executive Officer, Ether Capital. “As we prepare to implement our strategic vision as a regulated entity, we know that coupled with the unique insights of our leadership in financial services and blockchain technology, we will benefit from NEO's expansive investor reach programs and liquidity provision services.”
Investors can trade shares of Ether Capital through their usual investment channels, including discount brokerage platforms and full-service dealers.
“We are exceptionally happy to launch Ether Capital as a publicly-listed company on NEO, and proud to partner with a company that has the same commitment to innovation and disruption as we do,” stated Jos Schmitt, President and CEO, NEO. “Ethereum is poised to become the backbone of ‘Web 3.0' and Canada is the leader in this space. I truly believe our country will continue to be a blockchain hub for many years to come as we have the skills, the industry expertise, the desire to drive transformation and the governments and regulatory bodies keen to take an active role in supporting innovation. We look forward to enabling Ether Capital as they seize this immense opportunity to transform how companies do business.”
About Ether Capital Corporation Ether Capital is a Toronto-based technology company whose objective is to become the central business and investment hub for the Ethereum ecosystem. Ether Capital will invest in Ethereum's native utility token “Ether” as a strategic asset, and selectively invest in or acquire Ethereum-based businesses. Founded by a highly experienced Board of Directors and management team, Ether Capital has the resources, experience and relationships to support businesses and invest in industry-shifting disruptive technologies. For more information, visit http://ethcap.co/.
About NEO Exchange Aequitas NEO Exchange Inc. is Canada's next generation stock exchange, putting the needs of investors, businesses looking to raise capital and dealers first. Launched in March 2015, the NEO Exchange currently offers an innovative trading venue to trade all Canadian securities. It also has a value added listing platform for capital raising companies and investment products, offering unique liquidity, transparency and efficiency benefits. For more information, please visit: NEOstockexchange.com
Join us on social media: Twitter | linkedin | facebook
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006107/en/
CONTACT: NEO Exchange
Media Contact:
Adam Bornstein, 905.505.2540
adam@NEOstockexchange.com
KEYWORD: NORTH AMERICA CANADA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER EDUCATION OTHER EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS TELECOMMUNICATIONS OTHER TECHNOLOGY PUBLIC POLICY/GOVERNMENT OTHER GOVERNMENT PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES COMMUNICATIONS OTHER COMMUNICATIONS CONSUMER
SOURCE: NEO Exchange
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 11:21 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 11:21 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006107/en
Getty Image
There are all kinds of threats flying around these days — North Korea threatening Guam, China threatening to cut off trade to North Korea, and Donald Trump threatening pretty much everyone. Now you can add a new ultimatum to the list, this one from Nicolás Maduro Guerra, the son of the Venezuelan president. They didn't take kindly to Trump's pronouncement that they would use military force in Venezuela if necessary, and now Guerra says not only would they retaliate if that came to pass, that retaliation would come in the form of actually taking the White House by force.
“If the unlikely event of defiling the homeland came to pass, the rifles would arrive in New York, ” Guerra announced to Venezuelan state media. “Mr. Trump, we would arrive and take the White House.”
Ignoring for a moment that the White House is not in New York, this is Guerra's comeback to Trump's recent comment that “Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary.”
That was a response after Maduro's recent dismissal of Venezuelan parliament and replacement with their own Constituent Assembly. At least for now, Venezuela's military is busy keeping the peace in Caracas, where protests have broken out amongst Venezuelans tired of food shortages, worthless currency, the not-so-mysterious disappearance of their fellow citizens, and general chaos.
Guerra isn't the only Venezuelan to respond to Trump's threat, though. Venezuelan Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino said it would be a “crazy act” if Trump actually tried it. Not that it would it be the first time the U.S. involved itself in Venezuela's political woes or the governments of Latin American nations. None of those contras have yet resulted in Venezuelans storming the White House, but as always, these are complicated situations with one very uncomplicated U.S. president in charge.
(Via CNN)
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--A flash poll conducted by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP (Baker Tilly) indicates 90 percent of organizations do not have the necessary controls in place to be compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation's (GDPR) impending enforcement date, May 25, 2018.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005059/en/
Baker Tilly GDPR overview (Graphic: Business Wire)
“With recent significant data breaches, concerns around personal data access at Facebook/Cambridge Analytica and the coming enforcement date of GDPR, privacy concerns are heightened,” David Ross, partner with Baker Tilly's cybersecurity and privacy practice, said. “Leading organizations need to implement proactive, risk-based monitoring and compliance measures as part of a comprehensive cybersecurity and privacy program.”
Significant GDPR noncompliance penalties Enacted by the European Union (EU), the GDPR governs the collection, processing, use and storage of personal data originating in the EU. Organizations, including U.S. organizations, could face significant impacts, including fines of up to four percent of annual global revenue or €20 million (whichever is greater) and material and non-material damages such as financial loss and damage to reputation.
“Having well-documented privacy policies and procedures coupled with a documented privacy program overall demonstrates the organization is actively engaged in ensuring compliance in case of GDPR oversight review,” Mike Vanderbilt, director with Baker Tilly's cybersecurity and privacy practice, said.
Baker Tilly recently held an educational webinar, “GDPR: Is your organization ready?” to help organizations understand the GDPR and prepare for the enforcement, ongoing monitoring and compliance.
The webinar presenters discussed:
Potential data pools and systems affected by GDPR The impact of the data subject rights and other requirements defined by GDPR and how they apply to organizations How an organization's current cybersecurity and privacy programs can support its ability to address GDPR's requirements
Presentation slides and a recording of the webinar are available at bakertilly.com/insights/gdpr-is-your-organization-ready. A GDPR overview infographic can be found at bakertilly.com/GDPR.
About Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP (bakertilly.com) Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP (Baker Tilly) is a nationally recognized, full-service accounting and advisory firm whose specialized professionals connect with clients and their businesses through refreshing candor and clear industry insight. With approximately 2,700 employees across the United States, Baker Tilly is ranked as one of the 15 largest accounting and advisory firms in the country. Headquartered in Chicago, Baker Tilly is an independent member of Baker Tilly International, a worldwide network of independent accounting and business advisory firms in 147 territories, with 33,600 professionals. The combined worldwide revenue of independent member firms is $3.4 billion.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005059/en/
CONTACT: Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP
Patricia Buttery, 414-777-5479
patricia.buttery@bakertilly.com
or
Baker Tilly Media Relations
press@bakertilly.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS MINNESOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET SECURITY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ACCOUNTING CONSULTING FINANCE
SOURCE: Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:00 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005059/en
This weekend, Big Spring's Disabled American Veterans are asking you to "Forget Me Not," and help them raise funds to assist area veterans.
"It's going to be Friday and Saturday from about 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. at Wal-Mart," said DAV spokesperson Mike Tarpley. "It's called the 'Forget Me Not' drive. We'll have little lavender flowers."
Tarpley said the small artificial lavender flowers, given in appreciation for donations, will be similar to red poppies given for donations by the Veterans of Foreign Wars.
"The money we get will stay in the local area, and will go to help veterans with things like rent, utilities, groceries, etc.," Tarpley said. "We'll also be providing coats and luggage for veterans at the VA."
For more on this story, see Friday's edition of the Herald.
Joi (left) and Arvid Thompson dance Tuesday afternoon during a Valentine's Day event at Parkwood Senior Living in Grand Forks. Parkwood puts on various events such as the Valentine's Day Dance and Social, which is always a big hit. The Cathy Erickson Band played old tunes from the '60s and '70s. Some couples got up and danced while others just enjoyed old-fashioned conversation. (Joshua Komer / Grand Forks Herald)
1 / 2
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) — Judge says 265 people have come forward to say they were victims of disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar.
UN Amb. @nikkihaley on cultural shift and what it means for the @POTUS accusers: Women who accuse anyone should be heard and dealt with pic.twitter.com/HLCUpfVNnO — Face The Nation (@FaceTheNation) December 10, 2017
On Sunday's Face the Nation, United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley said the many women who have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct “should be heard.” The Trump appointee's comments on CBS News weren't the first time for the former governor of South Carolina has disagreed with the President of the United States, but considering the post-Harvey Weinstein climate politics and entertainment are currently enduring, they were some of them harshest.
When asked about this “cultural moment” regarding allegations of sexual assault or harassment against men in power, including Trump, Haley said they were “proud” of the women for speaking out:
“I am incredibly proud of the women who have come forward. I am proud of their strength, I'm proud of their courage, and I think that the idea that this is happening will start to bring a conscience to the situation. Not just in politics, but in Hollywood and every industry. I think the time has come…. Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with. We heard from them prior to the election, and I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
In a followup, Face the Nation anchor John Dickerson asked Haley whether or not the election's result rendered the accusations a “settle issue.” Haley responded, “That's for the people to decide. I know that they were elected, but women should always feel comfortable coming forward, and we should all be willing to listen to them.”
(Via CBS News and New York Times)
iStockphoto
Christmas can be a trying time for those looking to buy gifts for their favorite Apple enthusiast. If you don't have the cash on hand to drop $1,000 or more on the newly-released iPhone X, or any one of the company's equally-pricey laptops, not to worry — there are still plenty of affordable options out there. From computer ports to power adaptors to simple cases and accessories, there are plenty of third-party options when shopping for the Apple-holic on your Christmas list. And you can do it without breaking the bank.
OWS Port
Newer Galaxy
As Apple continues to move away from USB ports (the latest MacBook Pro only comes with Thunderbolt ports), it becomes a necessity to carry around enough adaptors for standard USB ports — at least until all the rest of the tech starts playing catch up. But rather than juggle a handful of dongles, the OWS Port Thunderbolt 3 Dock is the best all-in-one adaptor on the market right now. It comes with five(!) USB ports, an ethernet port, a mini display port, and even a standard headphone jack, among a few others. Not to mention it matches Apple's signature space-gray color, so it looks like a natural extension of a MacBook.
Buy It Here for $299
PlugBug
Twelve South
For those who don't need an abundance of USB ports to augment their laptop, sometimes having a place to charge an iPhone is still a necessity. The PlugBug slips right onto any Macbook's power pack, giving it an extra USB port to charge an iPhone — or iPad, Apple Watch, portable battery, any USB device, really. Along with the fact that it comes with five international plug adaptors, it's the perfect gift for the world traveler who never goes anywhere without their MacBook.
Buy It Here for $34.43
Gooseneck Stand
Mingo
If anyone has ever wanted to relax in bed while watching Netflix without actually putting a TV in their bedroom (or if they're just really into Wall-E cosplay), then the Mingo gooseneck iPad stand is here to solve that problem. It has a 27-inch bendable arm, a clamp so you can put it just about anywhere, and it will hold an iPhone or iPad comfortably. There's even a special vent attachment if you want to keep the binge-a-thon going while on the road. Assuming someone else is driving, of course.
Buy It Here for $49.99
AirPod Strap
Spigen
For those who've made the switch from standard earbuds to wireless AirPods, they might have noticed they come with an unrelenting fear of being lost. Luckily, several third-party companies have come to alleviate these fears by offering straps that fasten to the AirPods while they're in use. Spigen, who as we reported last year, had their strap for sale online before the AirPods even hit the market. Now, there are dozens to choose from, and while it does kind of defeat the purpose of wireless earbuds, if anyone's worried about losing one and having to pony up $69 for a replacement, a few bucks for a strap can buy a lot of pieces of mind.
Buy It Here for $9.99
PodPockets
PodPockets
Speaking of AirPods, they come in a case that's about the size of a travel-sized packet of floss, meaning it could be prone to disappearing somewhere deep within a backpack, purse, oversized pocket, or between two couch cushions. PodPockets are a silicone shell that goes around the AirPod case, giving it not only a bit of protection, but since comes with a keyring, much harder to lose track of. Unless it's going to someone who constantly loses their keys, in which case, they're on their own.
Buy It Here for $19.95
The Uncourage
Uncourage
Finally, the Apple fans using an iPhone 7, 8, or X (who aren't yet onboard with the wireless AirPods) are stuck using the standard-issue lightning-connected earbuds. Or, if they've got a favorite pair of wired headphones, they can use the dongle that's come included since the iPhone 7 launched last fall. Which, of course, begs the question: how do you keep track of a tiny little 3-inch piece of wire and not have it get lost, or stuffed away in that drawer crammed full of worn down, outdated charging cables from iPhones' past?
That's where the Uncourage comes in. This handy little hunk of metal is shaped like an earphone jack and fits on a keyring, so all your loved one has to do is attach the dongle and they'll always know where it is. That is unless they're prone to losing their keys. Which, again, means they're on their own.
Buy It Here for $6.99
Or you could always get them a Tile to help them keep track of them.
18:07 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Ben-Gurion believed the religious would disappear on their own Read more
Journalist Uri Avnery criticizes novelist AB Yehoshua who wrote there is no real solution other than a national state. "Dumb suggestion" ► ◄ Last Briefs
Transcript for Facebook launches stand-alone TV app to compete with YouTube
In today's tech bikes FaceBook is looking to go head to head with YouTube the social media giant is planning to release a standalone TV app. The apple allow users to watch videos from their friends and their liked pages it'll also recommend videos based on those already viewed. For an erection and patients check out the world's first commercial flying car. The car complies with all air and road safety regulations around the world bugs you'll need a pilot's license. And nearly 400000 dollars delivery so we'll start at the end of next year. I can worth it to the house of the traffic jams and for Nokia what some are calling the biggest tech comeback of all time. The return of the Nokia 3310. Also affectionately called the Nokia brick. The photo was a favorite at the turn of the millennium at almost indestructible with a long lasting battery it will sell for about sixty bucks and will be unveiled later this month. Those Utah by.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday it's unacceptable and appalling that more than 8,000 children were killed and injured in conflicts last year from Syria and Yemen to Congo and Afghanistan and urged combatants to do more to protect boys and girls.
The U.N. chief said in their annual report on Children and Armed Conflict, obtained by The Associated Press, that the United Nations verified 3,512 child casualties in Afghanistan, more than 40 percent of the total and “the highest number ever recorded” in the country.
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015. And the U.N. verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan, more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces, they said.
Extremist groups
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children committed by extremist groups — al-Shabab, Boko Haram, the Islamic State and the Taliban — totaled more than 6,800.
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said in a statement that Guterres is appalled not only by the more than 8,000 youngsters killed and injured and the recruitment of children but by sexual violence against girls and boys and attacks on schools and hospitals.
“A child killed, recruited as a soldier, injured in an attack or prevented from going to school due to a conflict is already one too many,” said Virginia Gamba, the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict.
The report contains a blacklist of government forces and rebel groups that recruit, use, kill, maim, rape, sexually abuse or abduct children in armed conflict or attack schools and hospitals.
For the first time this year, Guterres divided the list in two parts, one naming parties that have not taken any action to improve the protection of children, and one listing parties “that have put in place measures.”
​Saudi-led coalition
This year's list, which AP obtained and reported on Wednesday, was eagerly awaited because last year the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from the Saudis.
Guterres put the coalition on this year's list of parties that are taking action to protect children, a decision welcomed Thursday by Human Rights Watch, Save the Children and the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict.
The secretary-general said in the report that “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen, more than 50 percent of the deaths and injuries caused by the U.S.-backed coalition.
In talks with Saudi Arabia, Guterres said, its government told the U.N. the coalition took measures to reduce the impact of the conflict on children by changing rules of engagement and establishing a team to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions.
“These initiatives are steps in the right direction,” Guterres said. “Nevertheless, I urge the coalition to improve its approach since, despite these measures, grave violations against children continued at unacceptably high levels in 2016.”
Dujarric said the secretary-general spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The country's U.N. ambassador has scheduled a press conference Friday.
Human rights groups
Human rights groups echoed Guterres' concerns.
Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch, said: “The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need.”
Save the Children Director Debra Jones said all parties fighting in Yemen “must sit up and take notice and take action, as must those countries that are supporting or arming them.”
“The world must make sure the violations end,” they said.
Eva Smets, Watchlist's executive director, said the Saudi-led coalition is now one of 64 parties listed for violating children's rights and the U.N. must work with all these parties “to ensure these horrific violations of vulnerable children are never repeated.”
[Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Education
A farm in Cumberland, Maine is welcoming over 50 baby goats this month and will allow people to meet them in person every weekend through Mother's Day.Sunflower Farm Creamery will be open to the public for anyone who might enjoy "cuddling a kid."for more information and to see the goats in action on from a live camera.for more stories and videos about animals.
SHANGHAI (AP) — On April 6, Ivanka Trump's company won provisional approval from the Chinese government for three new trademarks, giving it monopoly rights to sell Ivanka brand jewelry, bags and spa services in the world's second-largest economy. That night, the first daughter and their husband, Jared Kushner, sat next to the president of China and their wife for a steak and Dover sole dinner at Mar-a-Lago.
The scenario underscores how difficult it is for Trump, who has tried to distance themselves from the brand that bears their name, to separate business from politics in their new position at the White House.
As the first daughter crafts a political career from their West Wing office, their brand is flourishing, despite boycotts and several stores limiting their merchandise. U.S. imports, almost all of them from China, shot up an estimated 166 percent last year, while sales hit record levels in 2017. The brand, which Trump still owns, says distribution is growing. It has launched new activewear and affordable jewelry lines and is working to expand its global intellectual property footprint. In addition to winning the approvals from China, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC applied for at least nine new trademarks in the Philippines, Puerto Rico, Canada and the U.S. after the election.
The commercial currents of the Trump White House are unprecedented in modern American politics, ethics lawyers say. They have created an unfamiliar landscape riven with ethical pitfalls, and forced consumers and retailers to wrestle with the unlikely passions now inspired by Ivanka Trump's mid-market collection of ruffled blouses, shifts and wedges.
Using the prestige of government service to build a brand is not illegal. But criminal conflict of interest law prohibits federal officials, like Trump and their husband, from participating in government matters that could impact their own financial interest or that of their spouse. Some argue that the more their business broadens its scope, the more it threatens to encroach on the ability of two trusted advisers to deliver credible counsel to the president on core issues like trade, intellectual property, and the value of the Chinese currency.
“Put the business on hold and stop trying to get trademarks while you're in government,” advised Richard Painter, who served as chief White House ethics lawyer under George W. Bush.
To address ethical concerns, Trump has shifted the brand's assets to a family-run trust valued at more than $50 million and pledged to recuse themselves from issues that present conflicts.
“Ivanka will not weigh in on business strategy, marketing issues, or the commercial terms of agreements,” their attorney, Jamie Gorelick, said in a statement. “She has retained authority to direct the trustees to terminate agreements that they determine create a conflict of interest or the appearance of one.”
In a recent interview with CBS News, Trump argued that their business would be doing even better if they hadn't moved to Washington and placed restrictions on their team to ensure that “any growth is done with extreme caution.”
China, however, remains a nagging concern. “Ivanka has so many China ties and conflicts, yet they and Jared appear deeply involved in China contacts and policy. I would never have allowed it,” said Norman Eisen, who served as chief White House ethics lawyer under Barack Obama. “For their own sake, and the country's, Ivanka and Jared should consider stepping away from China matters.”
Instead, the first daughter and their husband have emerged as prominent interlocutors with China, where they have both had significant business ties. Last year, Kushner pursued hundreds of millions of dollars in real estate investments from Anbang Insurance Group, a financial conglomerate with close ties to the Chinese state. After media reports about the deal, talks were called off.
Publicly, Ivanka has taken a gracious, charming approach toward Beijing. During the Mar-a-Lago meetings, their daughter, 5-year-old Arabella stood in a gilded room and sang a traditional Chinese song, in Mandarin, for China's president, Xi Jinping. The video, which was lavishly praised by Chinese state media, played over 2.2 million times on China's popular news portal qq.com.
The week of the summit, 3.4 tons of Ivanka Trump handbags, wallets and blouses arrived in the U.S. from Hong Kong and Shanghai. U.S. imports of their merchandise grew an estimated 40 percent in the first quarter of this year, according to Panjiva Inc., which maintains and analyzes global shipping records.
Painter, the former Bush administration lawyer, recommended full recusal from issues related to trade with China. That is likely to be difficult because trade is so deeply embedded in the US-China relationship and has been linked with other matters, like North Korea.
“The danger is that with any discussion with the Chinese, one party or the other may try to bring up trade,” they said. “That's a slippery slope that may require them or Jared to step out of the room.”
Gorelick, Ivanka Trump's attorney, said that Ivanka and their husband would steer clear of specific areas that could impact their business, or be seen as conflicts of interest, but are under no legal obligation to step back from huge swaths of policy, like trade with China.
Under the rules, Trump would recuse themselves from conversations about duties on clothing imported from China, Gorelick said, but not broad foreign policy.
“In between, you have to assess it case-by-case,” they said.
Trademarks can be signs of corporate ambition, though many countries — such as China, where trademark squatting is rampant — also allow for defensive filings to prevent copycats from using a brand.
Trademarks pose ethical, and possibly legal, implications for government employees because they are granted by foreign states and confer the monopoly right to sell branded product in a particular country — an entitlement that can be enormously valuable. Intellectual property lawyers say trademarks are also a crucial prerequisite for cutting licensing deals, which form the basis of both Ivanka and Donald Trump's global business strategy.
Today, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC has 16 registered trademarks in China and 32 pending applications, along with a total of four marks granted preliminary approval since the inauguration, according to China's Trademark Office. Altogether, they cover a wide range of goods and services, including cosmetics, jewelry, leather handbags, luggage, clothes, shoes, retail, spa and beauty services. There is no sign the recent approvals were particularly swift. China's Trademark Office did not respond to a request for comment.
Globally, the company has more than 180 pending and registered trademarks in countries including Canada, India, Japan, Israel, Mexico, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.S. and Europe, public records show. In December, the company applied for five trademarks, covering handbags and wallets in Puerto Rico, and lingerie and other clothes in the U.S. After the inauguration, the company filed four more applications, for branded clothing and shoes in the Philippines, and perfume and other items in Canada.
Trump did not sign off on the new trademark applications, their brand said in a statement, adding that they are “not necessarily an indication that the brand is planning to launch a category or a store in a specific territory.”
Whatever the future plans, right now sales are growing — helped, some argue, by the glow of Ivanka Trump's political rise.
The G-III Apparel Group Ltd., which makes Ivanka Trump clothes, said net sales for the collection increased by $17.9 million during the year that ended Jan. 31.
The brand itself claims revenues rose 21 percent last year, with early February seeing some of the “best performance ever,” according to a statement by Abigail Klem, president of the Ivanka Trump brand. Because it is privately held, the brand does not have to declare its earnings or where revenues come from. The actual corporate structure of Trump's retail business remains opaque. Kushner's financial disclosure form lists two dozen corporate entities that appear directly related to their wife's brand. Trump themselves has yet to file a disclosure.
Data from Lyst, a massive fashion e-commerce platform, indicates some of this growth coincided with specific political events.
The number of Ivanka Trump items sold through Lyst was 46 percent higher the month their father was elected president than in November 2015. Sales spiked 771 percent in February over the same month last year, after White House counselor Kellyanne Conway exhorted Fox viewers to “Go buy Ivanka's stuff.” Conway was later reprimanded. The bounce appears somewhat sustained. March sales on Lyst were up 262 percent over the same period last year.
“You can't separate Ivanka from their role in life and from their business,” said Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimpleConsulting. “Her celebrity status is now not only being fueled by their wealth and their family connection, but by their huge role in the White House. All that buzz is hardwired to their products.” That, they added, is a competitive advantage other brands just can't match — though it does come with risk.
Things could easily cut the other way for the first daughter. Ashley King, 28 of Calabasas, California, bought Ivanka Trump black flats and a cardigan several years ago. But King, who voted for Hillary Clinton, said they believe Trump's role in the White House represents a conflict of interest.
“This is bothering me more and more,” they said. As for the Ivanka Trump items in their closet, they said, “I will be donating them.”
Associated Press reporter Catherine Lucey in Washington, researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai, and reporters Danica Coto in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Teresa Cerojano in Manila and Elaine Kurtenbach in Tokyo contributed to this report.
Transcript for Confirmation hearing on hold for Trump's VA pick
tonight, major new scrutiny for President Trump's personal physician, who became their nominee for secretary of veterans affairs, Ronny Jackson, the current white house doctor. They were set to be questioned tomorrow. Tonight, that's now been put on hold. Amid serious allegations. Tonight, what he's accused of, and there is word coming in late today that the president has now met with him, and the president telling him, they will fight for him. Here's ABC's Mary Bruce. Reporter: Dogged by allegations of professional misconduct, tonight, the president's pick to lead the V.A. Under intense scrutiny. Is there any truth to these allegations? Will you withdraw your nomination? Admiral Ronny Jackson's confirmation hearing now on hold, as the senate reviews allegations they created a hostile work environment, and as white house physician, improperly dispensed medication, specifically the sleep aid ambien. The top Democrat on the committee says Jackson is also accused of being repeatedly drunk on duty when traveling with the president, though they didn't provide any evidence. On capitol hill today, Jackson insisted he's eager to answer the committee's questions. I'm looking forward to re-scheduling the hearing and getting the process moving. Reporter: Just moments later, the president asked what they know. Well, I haven't heard of the particular allegations. But I will tell you, he's one of the finest people that I have met. I would definitely stand behind him. He's a fine man. Reporter: The president blamed partisan politics. But then, added this nudge -- suggesting, why bother moving forward? I wouldn't do it. What do they need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians? I really don't think personally they should do it, but it's totally theirs -- I would stand behind him. Totally their decision. Reporter: Even before these new allegations, there were questions about whether Jackson, the president's personal physician, is up to the task of leading the government's second-largest agency. I know there's an experience problem. Reporter: But the president and Jackson have hit it off. Just three months ago, Jackson offered this glowing review of trump's health. I told the president that if they had healthier diet over the last 20 years, they might live to be 200 years old. I don't know. I mean, they -- they have incredible -- they have incredible genes. Reporter: Even then, Jackson discussed prescribing sleep aides for long trips. I recommend that everyone on the plane take a sleep aid at certain times. Reporter: Tonight, even some Republicans say they need more time to review Jackson's nomination. I think the proper thing to do is not to reach any conclusions. Reporter: But critics say the White House failed to do its due diligence. It is really frustrating to me that this administration continues to not vet or sloppily send over a nominee that leaves us having to really vet them and look at serious questions. Reporter: So, the White House failed to properly vet him? Apparently, yes. Let's get to Mary Bruce. And Mary, you're learning that Ronny Jackson met with President Trump late today. What have you heard? Reporter: They did, David. And the White House tells us today that despite what the president said today publicly, tonight, the president is planning to fight back. A senior official tells me that Jackson is getting rail roaded and that their record is impeccable. David, the White House says that Jackson has a clean bill of health here and that they have no plans to withdraw their nomination. David? Mary Bruce following the developments on the hill. Mary, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Florida Judge Elizabeth Scherer has found Nikolas Cruz to be indigent and the 19-year-old will keep their public defender, the State Attorney's Office told ABC News today.
Interested in Parkland school shooting? Add Parkland school shooting as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Parkland school shooting news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Cruz is accused of fatally shooting 17 students and staff of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on Feb. 14.
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
Florida coach Mike White was sort of an unhappy man after a 72-60 loss to Georgia on Wednesday night.
No. 23 Florida was outrebounded (by nine) and shot just 36.5 percent from the field. The Gators also missed 15 in a row in the second half and 20 of 21 at one point during the final 20 minutes in a shaky performance.
Now the question is whether Florida (15-7, 6-3) do better Saturday against Alabama in an SEC game in Gainesville, Fla., that the Gators won't want to lose.
However, the problem is that Florida has been wildly inconsistent this season, playing great for stretches and then struggling in others.
They made it back to the Top 25 recently -- a loss in this game will certainly knock them out, although the loss to Georgia already might have done that -- but have split their last six games.
White simply didn't like the team's effort against Georgia.
"I'm just disappointed," White said. "We've shown more fight than that."
Graduate transfer guard Egor Koulechov said the Gators need to come through on offense when the time is right.
In some games and for stretches, they've done it. But Florida hasn't been able to sustain it.
"It's up to us to make more shots, too," Koulechov said. "Eventually, you have to make plays. That's what it comes down to."
White said their team also didn't display enough of a physical presence in that game. They did not like what they saw early, and things did not get better.
"They set the tone," White said. "The first 10 minutes, I didn't feel good about it at all. (Overall), they played with more edge than we did."
Jalen Hudson (16.2 ppg) and Koulechov (14.5) are the team's two leading scorers. Florida has firepower with four players who are averaging in double figures.
But so does Alabama, which boasts four players averaging at least 10 points per game, topped by Collin Sexton (18.7 ppg) and John Petty (11.5) -- both freshmen who lead a rather young team.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
The CISD board of trustees approved the hire of Chris Joslin as the new Athletic Director and Head Football Coach today.
For the past two years, Joslin has been the offensive assistant football coach for the Rockdale High School Tigers. Last year, the Tigers went 13-3 for the season and clinched the 3A Division I state championship against the Brock Eagles at AT&T Stadium. In 2016, Rockdale advanced to regionals with an 11-2 record.
“We really loved our time here in West Texas,” Joslin said following their hire this morning. “When the position came open, it was really one of the only ones we looked at. We are really happy where we were at, but we love West Texas and jumped at the chance to come back here.”
For the full story, please see Tuesday's edition of the Herald.
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that they will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
They said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but they did not directly talk about it either.
They said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. They assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
They said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. They said Trump sent them to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
They added that their nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Education
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Friday:
Apple Inc., down $7.41 to $160.37
The technology company reported weaker-than-expected iPhone sales and its forecast also fell short of expectations.
Alphabet Inc., down $62.39 to $1,119.20
Google's parent company posted adjusted earnings that fell short of Wall Street estimates.
Amazon.com Inc., up $41 to $1,431
The e-commerce company's fourth-quarter profit climbed as it kept gaining Prime members and sales climbed.
Exxon Mobil Corp., down $4.54 to $84.53
The oil and gas company's profit and sales fell short of Wall Street forecasts.
Edwards Lifesciences Corp., up $4.85 to $131.83
The medical device maker raised its annual forecasts following a strong fourth-quarter report.
Amgen Inc., up $1.45 to $187.01
The biotechnology company had a weak quarter but announced a large stock repurchase.
Freeport-McMoRan Inc., down $1.48 to $17.97
The mining company slumped as the dollar gained strength and gold prices fell.
Visa Inc., down $4.81 to $120.91
The credit card and payments company forecast it will spend more on operating expenses.
It's the end of an era for a West End Ventura family-owned business as Avenue Hardware calls it quits after 75 years of ownership.
First opened in 1927 by the Blanchard family, the business was handed to Tad Dewire's grandfather in 1943. Dewire began working in the store at the age of 12 and now, at the age of 67, says that the store's closing is “terribly emotional.”
“I've toyed with the idea for a couple of years; I hadn't wanted to give it up,” said Dewire. Online sales and the falling price of oil are to blame for the store's decline, they say, but in the end, the decision was made over the fact that Dewire wanted to enjoy life while they still have their health.
Dewire has undergone two hip replacement surgeries this year. With wife Denise, Dewire is ready for a “new chapter.” The site will be sold, which includes the house behind it, after remaining inventory has been liquidated.
Dewire says that without their faithful customers, the shop wouldn't have survived for as long as it did. Living by their grandfather's motto, “the grandest people we know are our customers,” Dewire says. Also thankful for their employees, Tim Whelan and Sam Rodriques, to name a few, and partner/co-owner Buzz Bafford, who they say “made the store run smoothly.”
BOSTON (AP) — The prison death of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez is prompting lawmakers to revisit a centuries-old Massachusetts legal principle.
Under a bill heard Tuesday by the Legislature's Judiciary Committee, a person who takes their own life after being convicted of a crime would automatically lose all rights to appeal.
Hernandez's murder conviction in the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd was dismissed after Hernandez was found hanging in their cell last April. The legal principle holds that a defendant who dies before an appeal is heard should no longer be considered guilty in the eyes of the law.
Democratic Rep. Evandro Carvalho, of Boston, filed the legislation after meeting with Lloyd's mother, Ursula Ward, who was upset when the conviction was erased.
The bill, if passed, could not be applied retroactively to Hernandez.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
NEW YORK (AP) — Standard and Poor's Stock Indexes for Wednesday
Close Change MidCap 400 1761.66 Down 7.68 500 Stocks 2437.92 Down 2.43 100 Stocks 1074.00 Down .64
Bank of America's first quarter profits grew nearly 40 percent, the bank said Tuesday, helped by higher interest rates as well as a strong performance in its investment banking division.
The Charlotte, North Carolina-based consumer banking giant reported net income of $4.86 billion, compared with $3.47 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Bank of America earned 41 cents per share, beating the 35 cents that analysts were looking for.
"The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," BofA's CEO Brian Moynihan said in a prepared statement.
Like its major competitors, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Bank of America benefited from higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates once in December and again in March, which has allowed the big retail banks to charge more for their loans. The bank said it had net interest income of $11.06 billion, compared with $10.49 billion in the same period a year earlier.
The bank expects that if interest rates continue to move higher, Bank of America could see its net interest income grow by $3.3 billion over the next 12 months.
Bank of America's investment and trading divisions, which includes Merrill Lynch, also had a strong quarter, in line with the bank's competitors. Global investment banking had net income of $1.73 billion compared with $1.09 billion in the same period a year earlier.
Revenue from trading rose to $3.9 billion from $3.4 billion.
Overall, Bank of America had revenue of $22.49 billion compared with $20.79 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank was able to keep its expenses flat as well, at $14.84 billion, which helped bolster the bank's bottom line.
Bank of America shares were up 0.7 percent in pre-market trading at $22.87.
CLEVELAND -- Cleveland Cavaliers guard J.R. Smith left Game 2 of the Cavs' first-round series against the Indiana Pacers at halftime Monday with a left hamstring injury and will not return, according to the team.
Iman Shumpert, who did not play in the Cavs' 109-108 Game 1 win, started the second half in Smith's place.
Smith finished with three points on 1-for-3 shooting and one turnover in 19 minutes.
PARIS (AP) — Paris Saint-Germain remains on course for a fifth straight League Cup title after winning 3-2 away to Rennes on Tuesday, in a hectic semifinal where three decisions went to the Video Assistant referee and Neymar riled their opponents.
PSG took its tally to 13 goals in three matches at Rennes this season — the others were in the French League and in the French Cup — but failed to properly protect its 3-0 advantage after forward Kylian Mbappe was sent off in the 63rd minute.
Both sides had a goal ruled out after VAR referral, while Mbappe was sent off when the VAR showed them blatantly raking their studs on forward Ismaila Sarr's lower leg, ripping their sock around the heel.
PSG seemed in complete control approaching the hour mark, after goals from right back Thomas Meunier, center back Marquinhos and midfielder Giovani Lo Celso.
Striker Diafra Sakho pulled a goal back in the 85th with a diving header on their debut after joining from West Ham in the Premier League, and midfielder Sanjin Prcic's 25-meter strike in the second minute of injury time ensured a few PSG jitters.
In a heated finale, Rennes players were furious with Neymar on two occasions.
The first saw the Brazil star control a high ball on their back and then flick it nonchalantly over the head of winger Benjamin Bourigeaud, who angrily tried to grab Neymar in frustration.
The improvised move was a demonstration of Neymar's astonishing skill, but the next incident could be seen as provocative arrogance by the Brazil star.
With Rennes defender Hamari Traore on the floor in the fourth minute of injury-time, Neymar held out their hand as if to help them up. When Traore reached out their hand in appreciation, Neymar withdrew their quickly, smiled and jogged away. Sakho and midfielder Benjamin Andre were incensed as they circled around Neymar.
After Meunier gave PSG the lead in the 24th minute with a fine dipping volley from just outside the penalty area, forward Wahbi Khazri thought they had equalized in the 43rd. They broke into the penalty area and slipped the ball into the bottom left corner. Referee Mikael Lesage awarded it, but then referred the decision to the VAR.
After nearly two minutes, Lesage disallowed the goal after images clearly showed Khazri had inadvertently knocked the ball into this path with their right arm before shooting.
The VAR ruled out another goal, this time for PSG, after Mbappe's 49th-minute goal was marginally offside.
Marquinhos' tap-in after Angel Di Maria's shot was saved made it 2-0 in the 54th and Lo Celso's shot went in off goalkeeper Abdoulaye Diallo in the 58th, with Di Maria again involved.
When Andre had a goal ruled out for offside with six minutes left, Lesage did not ask for a review but instead trusted their linesman's decision.
PSG is on course to once again meet Monaco in the final, which will be held on March 31.
In the other semifinal, Monaco is at home to Montpellier on Wednesday.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
The former U.S. Marine knew the calligraphy-covered flag they took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago was more than a keepsake of World War II. When Marvin Strombo finally handed the flag back to Sadao Yasue's younger brother and sisters Tuesday, they understood what it really meant to them.
Tatsuya Yasue buried their face into the flag and smelled it, then they held Strombo's hands and kissed them. Their elder sister Sayoko Furuta, 93, sitting in their wheelchair, covered their face with both hands and wept silently as Tatsuya placed the flag on their lap.
Strombo said their reaction struck him. They reached out to Yasue's elder sister and gently rubbed them shoulder.
"I was so happy that I returned the flag," Strombo said. "I can see how much the flag meant to them That almost made me cry ... It meant everything in the world to her."
The flag is a treasure that will fill a deep void for Yasue's family. It is the first trace of their brother. The Japanese authorities only gave them a wooden box containing a few rocks, a substitution for the remains that have never been found.
The flag's white background is filled with signatures of 180 friends and neighbors in this tea-growing mountain village of Higashishirakawa, wishing Yasue's safe return. "Good luck forever at the battlefield," a message on it reads. Looking at the names and their handwriting, Tatsuya Yasue clearly recalls their faces and friendship with their brother.
The smell of the flag immediately brought back childhood memories to the soldier's younger brother.
"It smelled like my good old big brother, and it smelled like our mother's home cooking we ate together," Tatsuya Yasue said. "The flag will be our treasure."
The return of the flag brings closure, the 89-year-old farmer and a younger brother of the fallen soldier, told The Associated Press at their 400-year-old house on Monday. "It's like the war has finally ended and my brother can come out of the limbo."
Yasue last saw their older brother alive the day before they left for the South Pacific in 1943. Tatsuya and two siblings had a small send-off picnic for the oldest brother outside their military unit over sushi and Japanese sweet mochi, which became their last meal together. At the end of the meeting, their brother whispered to Tatsuya, asking them to take good care of their parents, as they would be sent to the Pacific islands, harsh battlegrounds where chances of survival were low.
A year later, the wooden box containing the stones arrived. Months after the war ended, the authorities told Yasue that their brother died somewhere in the Marianas presumably on July 18, 1944, the day Saipan fell, at age 25.
"That's all we were told about my brother. We never knew exactly when, where or how they died," they said. Yasue and their relatives wondered Sadao might have died at sea off Saipan. About 20 years ago, Yasue visited Saipan with their younger brother, imagining what their older brother might have gone through.
The only person who can provide some of those answers, Strombo said they found Yasue's body on the outskirts of Garapan when they got lost and ended up near the Japanese frontline. They told Yasue's siblings their brother likely died of a concussion from a mortar round. They told them that Sadao was lying on the ground, their leftside down, looking peacefully as if they were sleeping and without severe wounds.
At least the flag and their story suggest Yasue died on the ground, which also raises hopes of retrieving theirs remains.
The remains of nearly half of 2.4 million Japanese war-dead overseas have yet to be found 72 years after the World War II ended. It's a pressing issue as the bereaved families reach old age and memories fade.
Allied troops frequently took the flags from the bodies of their enemies as souvenirs, as Japanese flags were quite popular and fetched good price when auctioned, Strombo said. But to the Japanese bereaved families, they have a much deeper meaning, especially those, like Yasue, who never learned how their loved ones died and never received remains. Japanese government has requested auction sites to stop trading wartime signed flags.
Strombo said Tuesday that they originally wanted the flag as a souvenir from the war, but felt guilty just taking it, and that's why they never sold it and committed themselves to a lifelong journey to return the flag to its real home.
They had the flag hung in a glass-fronted gun cabinet in their home in Montana for years, a topic of conversation for visitors. They were in the battles of Saipan, Tarawa and Tinian, which chipped away at Japan's control of islands in the Pacific and paved the way for U.S. victory.
In 2012, they were connected to an Oregon-based nonprofit Obon Society that helps U.S. veterans and their descendants return Japanese flags to the families of fallen soldiers. The group's research traced it to the tea-growing village of 2,300 people in central Japan by analyzing family names.
———
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Them work can be found at APNews at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
PARIS (AP) — The Michelin guide has allowed a three-star chef to withdraw their restaurant from its prestigious listings.
Sebastien Bras had announced in September that they didn't want Le Suquet restaurant in southern France to figure in the guide any more because of the huge pressure involved.
Michelin said on Tuesday it granted Bras' request, and that their restaurant wouldn't be listed in the 2018 edition of the guide.
In a statement to The Associated Press, Bras praised Michelin for the move and said they would still be seeking "excellence."
There have been other cases of chefs giving up their three-stars, the highest recognition in the world of fine dining. In 2005, the late Alain Senderens rejected their stars when transforming the Parisian temple of gastronomy Lucas Carton into a lower-priced establishment.
LAKE CHARLES, LA (CBS Local) – A Buffalo Wild Wings in Louisiana is stepping up to help a local homeless man after one of their servers allegedly left a vulgar note on a customer's receipt.
The wing chain in Lake Charles is under fire after an employee reportedly wrote “For Homeless F—! Let sit and get gross,” on a homeless man's order on Memorial Day. Multiple workers were allegedly involved in the cruel act, with another person writing “I love you” under the server's message.
Buffalo Wild Wings is giving a customer free wings for a year, a gift card, and donating a "couple hundred wings" to a local homeless shelter after a derogatory remark was found on a customer's receipt. >> https://t.co/J2nAquU1mc pic.twitter.com/QYastyj2ns — WAFB (@WAFB) May 29, 2018
When the homeless man saw their order ticket they shared their outrage with other customers in the restaurant, sparking one woman to confront the chain's management. “I was just really upset about it, like why would you do that, especially, and they said, ‘You all know that I'm homeless, I don't have anywhere to live,' and it just really upset me,” Kailynn Weston said, via WAFB.
“And I was like, ‘That's not okay, one, for someone to treat a customer like that, let alone a customer in their condition,” the 26-year-old added.
Customers reportedly demanded that the employees involved face discipline. This was a request that Buffalo Wild Wings agreed with. “It's embarrassing for this gentleman and it's very inhumane on the part of the employees,” regional manager Ray Rhodes told reporters after announcing that the workers were fired. “It's not our culture and it's not who we are.”
Buffalo Wild Wings is also giving the homeless customer a year of free wings at their restaurants and presented them with a gift card to buy some new clothes with.
The restaurant chain also stepped up by donating several hundred wings to a local homeless outreach center. “In 7 years that I've been doing this we have never given out Wings. I think this is their new favorite!!” Kelli Tidwell Stawecki of Water's Edge Gathering Church wrote on Facebook.
A 25-year-old man was injured on Tuesday evening in a shooting in the city of Umm al-Fahm.
They were evacuated by Magen David Adom paramedics to the Haemek Hospital in Afula.  They are listed in serious condition.
Aircraft for Prime Minister and President to enter service this summer, equipped with missile defense system.
El Al airplane, which the PM would have flown on before the 'Israeli Air Force 1'
Israeli prime ministers and presidents will begin flying on a new, $70 million dollar aircraft whenever they leave the country later this year, Channel 2 reported.
Israel's leaders currently fly with one of Israel's three largest public airlines and often travel on commercial flights.
According to Channel 2, the plane will be equipped with Elbit Systems' '"Flight Guard" missile defense system, which is designed to protect the aircraft from shoulder-launched missiles during takeoff and landing.
The plane arrived in Israel in summer, 2016, and is currently being retrofitted by Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI). It is expected to go into service this summer.
Further details about the aircraft are currently under military censorship. Photographs of the plane have been blurred to comply with the military censor.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for their response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for their ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... they will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on their resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said they were acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of their own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in their remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left their business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — The Latest on the mock inauguration of Kenya's opposition leader (all times local):
5:05 p.m.
The lawyer for the man who swore in Kenya's opposition leader during a mock inauguration says they have been arrested.
Peter Kaluma says opposition legislator and lawyer T.J. Kajwang has been taken to the Nairobi's criminal investigations department for questioning.
The arrest occurred soon after Interior Minister Fred Matiangi announced that the government had launched investigations into Tuesday's mock inauguration of Raila Odinga as "the people's president."
The minister says the investigations will extend to "conspirators and facilitators."
A government shutdown of the country's top three TV channels continues, and the former Kenyan vice president who had been blocked from being sworn in as Odinga's deputy says their home was attacked overnight in "an assassination attempt."
___
6:15 a.m.
Former Kenyan Vice President Kalonzo Musyoka says gunshots were fired at their home and a grenade detonated in what was "an assassination attempt."
Musyoka told The Associated Press by phone Wednesday the attack occurred hours after their police security was withdrawn and they had been blocked from attending a mock inauguration of opposition leader Raila Odinga protesting President Uhuru Kenyatta's new term after months of deadly election turmoil.
Musyoka was to take the oath as Odinga's deputy president in the mock inauguration.
The opposition successfully challenged the August election in court, claiming vote-rigging, but boycotted a fresh election in October, claiming a lack of electoral reforms.
Kenya's government cut transmission of three TV channels airing live broadcasts of the Odinga inauguration Tuesday.
Transcript for Prosecutors seek death penalty for 'killer grandma'
movie theater. Straight out of hollywoo in another wild story. This one involving the so-ed killer grandma Aus wood murdering boter husband and then a woman who looked like their order total that woman's city and go on the run. Now prosecutors are seeking the death penay. ABC's E osunsami has the latest this mog. Steve, good morning to you. Reporter: Goorning to you, Dan. The fa of this grandmother says they don'tnow who this is but polic say they certainly do. ING them a rderer. They're calling los streak Lois becau of an alleged gambling addiction and this morning thisnesota grandmothers fighting possible deathpenalty. 56-year-old Lois Riess seen here a smiling mug shot I accused of shooting a killing their husband I Minnesota a then killing a woman in Flori before leading police on a onwide manhun police say the onl reason why they kid the woman in Florida was T steal their identity. In a moveade this week prosecutors explain why they are making this a death plenty indicate saying that the homicide was committed I a cold, calculated and premeditated ma their son spoke about their mother's ged killings to "Inside edition" saying their gaming may have led to them losing control. T's a bad movie. I fe like I'm going to wake up D it's goi to be back Normal B is not. Reporter: As pole were chasing their footprints across the cotry, Ty found this survance video O their recorded hours afteroliceay they murdered the Florida woman. Ries family watched in shock. Mannerisms are all different. She's Tolly differe person. Repr: They were eveually captured in this restaurant in apriding the manhunt.she remains custody without bond. She's ding not guilty to all chars. Police say that they withdrew money from the account of the woman they kid and H whole plan, W to rungo Florida and hide there. Didn't work out well we appreci it. We want to turn to story behind thisncredible moment,
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
MIAMI (AP) — The first time Dwyane Wade was supposed to make a public appearance on behalf of the Miami Heat back in 2003, they found themselves paralyzed by nervousness.
So Rasual Butler jumped into action, joining their teammate for the event solely to keep them calm.
"That's who they are," Wade said. "A great individual that was always there for people when they needed him."
Tributes like that were offered all over the basketball landscape in honor of Butler, a longtime NBA player who died Wednesday in what police said was a single-vehicle rollover crash in Los Angeles. Police said Butler and their wife, R&B singer and former "American Idol" contestant Leah LaBelle Vladowski, died at the scene and that autopsies were pending.
Butler was 38. The NBA released a statement saying it was "devastated" by Butler's death.
"A pro's pro, Rasual enjoyed a long, successful career and was widely respected by their peers and coaches," the NBA said.
That's perhaps an understatement.
Butler never played in the NBA Finals. They were never selected for an All-Star Game. More often than not, when they played, they finished the night with fewer than 10 points.
That didn't matter. Teams often clamored to have them on their roster — a testament to the type of person they are.
"Rasual was the consummate team player and a great role model for our younger players on how a professional should prepare and act, while being a positive influence on everyone who associated with him," said Kevin Pritchard, Indiana's president of basketball operations.
Butler was the 53rd player out of 57 taken in the 2002 NBA Draft, getting selected by Miami. They turned out to be a steal; of the 52 people taken ahead of him, only eight appeared in more games. They and Heat forward Udonis Haslem were close, even speaking recently about the possibility of Butler considering getting involved with their former Miami teammate on some business ventures.
"I know I speak for everybody at the Heat," said an emotional Miami coach Erik Spoelstra, an assistant when Butler was with the club. "He was one of our favorite guys."
Heat President Pat Riley raved about Butler and their wife Wednesday, and many in the organization still spoke very highly of Butler — even though they last wore a Miami uniform more than a decade ago.
"Rasual was one of the greatest people we have ever had play for us; a great player, teammate and better person," Riley said. "It's always hard to cope with losing those you shared your life with, but we feel blessed to have had such a bright light shine in all of our lives."
Butler played for eight NBA clubs — Miami, New Orleans, the Los Angeles Clippers, Washington, Indiana, San Antonio, Toronto and Chicago. They were also under contract with Minnesota in 2016, but was waived before the start of the regular season.
They averaged 7.5 points, with a career-high of 33 points on two occasions.
Butler was from Philadelphia and played four years of college basketball at La Salle. There were no shortage of kids from Philadelphia who tried to emulate their game — one of them being Toronto guard Kyle Lowry, who tried to show off for some friends at a basketball camp they were attending on the night Butler got drafted.
Lowry, then 16, boasted that they knew Butler and gave them a call — hoping the new pro would answer. Butler took the call, and Lowry never forgot that gesture.
"This is truly a sad day for me," Lowry said.
___
AP Sports Writer Tom Withers in Cleveland contributed.
ATLANTA (AP) — The Democratic National Committee lags its GOP counterpart in fundraising despite the left's grass-roots energy since President Donald Trump's election.
But financial disclosure reports at the start of this election year also show other Democratic groups and many individual candidates are in stronger positions.
The Republican National Committee raised $132.5 million in 2017 and ended the year with almost $39 million on hand and no debt. The Democratic committee took in $66 million and had $6.5 million in cash available, but also owed $6.1 million.
Republicans believe their financial advantage will mean a superior campaign organization as they defend their majorities in Congress.
Democrats say they'll have the resources to win.
Their House campaign committee outraised its GOP counterpart in 2017, and several vulnerable Democratic senators have fundraising edges.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Jets have signed former Lions linebacker Brandon Copeland and re-signed defensive lineman Xavier Cooper.
Copeland missed last season after tearing a pectoral muscle during the preseason. They had 30 tackles and one forced fumble in 32 games the previous two seasons with the Lions. The 26-year-old Copeland will be a backup on defense and be a key part of the Jets' special teams unit.
They signed with Baltimore as an undrafted free agent out of Penn in 2013 and spent time later that season on Tennessee's practice squad. After signing with Orlando of the Arena Football League in 2015, Copeland impressed Detroit after participating in the NFL Veterans Combine.
Cooper was not tendered as a restricted free agent, but was brought back after they had 16 tackles and one sack in eight games. Their play increased when Muhammad Wilkerson was benched at the end of the season.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian government says a plague of locusts could "disgrace" the country by destroying World Cup fields.
Locusts often feast on crops in southern Russia and Pyotr Chekmaryov, who oversees plant protection at the agriculture ministry, says they could descend on stadiums, too.
In comments reported by state news agencies, Chekmaryov says "we've more or less learned how to deal with locusts, but this year I'm afraid we could end up in an international locust scandal."
They add that "locusts like places where there is a lot of green," and says that it is important "not to disgrace ourselves in front of global society, especially where we will have guests from all over the world."
Chekmaryov pointed out the Volgograd region as a particular concern.
Prosecuting evidence has concluded with trial to continue today
A man accused of the murder of Sligo man Matt Kivlehan has told the Central Criminal Court that they stabbed the deceased in the neck, but they couldn't remember why.
Keith Brady (30) from Cartron Estate in Sligo invited officers to their cell in Castlerea Prison and after previously denying involvement in the stabbing, they told them they wanted to “get all this off my chest” and tell the truth.
Brady has pleaded not guilty to murder but guilty to the manslaughter of Matt Kivlehan (59) at New Apartments, Holborn St, Sligo on August 2/3 2015.
The State rejected their plea and they are on trial at the Central Criminal Court. Mr Kivlehan died from two stab wounds to the neck.
Inspector Tom Colsh told prosecuting counsel Paul Murray SC that they visited Castelrea Prison on December 15, 2015 along with Garda Martin McHale a prison officer told them Mr Brady wished to speak to them.
They took a statement from the accused man that began: “I want to get all this off my chest about the murder of Matt Kivlehan.” They said it had been “killing me inside” and that they wanted to tell the truth.
In August 2015, Mr Brady said, they were addicted to heroin and on the day of the killing they went to St Joeseph's church in Sligo to see the priest “because they sometimes give me €20”.
The priest refused to give them money but Mr Brady's sister Janice stole some coins from a back room of the church.
They walked to a nearby Topaz where they changed the coins for a five euro note. They then stole two bottles of wine from a Tesco and got cans of cider at an off-licence.
After some time Janice asked: “Do you want to go to Matt's?” They had been to their apartment before, drinking.
Janice knocked and Mr Kivlehan invited them in, Keith Brady said. After that, things were “normal” or “good” according to Mr Brady, who said they listened to music. Janice and Keith called a local heroin dealer using Mr Kivlehan's landline and bought heroin from him.
Back in Mr Kivlehan's home Mr Brady said the deceased got “a little narky”, but they didn't pay much attention because that could be normal for him.
Janice was moving between a couch and a chair in the sitting room and, “Matt was getting grumpier and Janice was getting loud”.
They remembered Mr Kivlehan stood up and sat down a few times, and said something like: “I wouldn't touch Janice.”
The stabbing they remembered as a “freak moment”, and said they couldn't recall where they got the knife but they remembered stabbing them in the neck.
They added: “To this day I don't know why.”
The accused said that they “never went out that Sunday to kill anyone” and “it wasn't meant to be like that.”
Following the stabbing, Keith Brady and their sister took the deceased from the chair and lay them on the ground.
They put a white duvet over them and Janice put a knife in the dead man's hand.
“It was like a different world,” said Mr Brady of the aftermath, adding that they were both in total shock. They smoked heroin in Mr Kivlehan's apartment before leaving and walking to an abandoned house where they were living at the time.
They found some clothes in a container and changed out of what they had been wearing. They could also remember going to Sligo train station to smoke heroin in the toilets.
Later that day they were arrested.
Addressing the deceased's family, they said they were “sorry” and added: “I never meant for any of this to happen and I hope that me being here will help. I know it's their first Christmas without them and it's going to be so hard.”
Their final statement was: “Janice did not harm Matt in any way.”
Inspector Colsh said they were present when Mr Brady was arrested on suspicion of murder in November 2016.
When arrested Mr Brady said: “I just want to say that I'm very sorry. I never meant for any of this to happen and to this day I still don't know what went wrong.”
The jury also heard that Mr Brady was interviewed by gardai in November 2015, about five weeks before giving the statement in Castlerea.
During three interviews on that occasion they told Detective Garda Paul Casey that they couldn't remember much about the night because they were “highly intoxicated” from alcohol and drugs and that they “didn't murder anyone”.
Prosecution counsel Paul Murray told the jury that the prosecution has finished its evidence. The final witness, Garda Martin McHale told defence counsel Brendan Grehan SC that they met the accused man at Castlerea Prison on December 15, 2015.
The trial continues today, Friday, in front of Justice Paul McDermott and a jury of six women and five men.
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 0.0/5 (0 votes cast)
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
Thousands of Iraqi Kurdish mourners, Iraqi officials and world dignitaries attended the funeral of Jalal Talabani, the country's first president in a post-Saddam Hussein Iraq and once a symbol of national unity.
Talabani was laid to rest Friday in Sulaimaniyah, the second-largest city in Iraq's Kurdish region, after their casket — draped in the Kurdish flag — was flown back from Berlin where they died at a hospital earlier this week.
From the airport in Suleimaniyah, a motorcade carried the casket to a nearby hill for burial. Crowds poured into the streets, following the funeral procession on foot, carrying flags and posters bearing Talabani's image and the emblem of the political party they founded more than three decades ago, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan.
Many threw flowers on top of the coffin.
While Talabani traces their roots to a small village in Iraq's north, Sulaimaniyah is the seat of their political power.
A long-time champion of Kurdish self-rule, Talabani, also established themselves as a national statesman after accepting the largely symbolic office of the presidency two years after the 2003 U.S. invasion toppled Saddam.
They held the post from 2005 to 2014, but faded from Iraqi political life after suffering a debilitating stroke in 2012.
During their time as president, Talabani was seen as a symbol of unity, a politician able to manage tensions between Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds that in Iraq often erupt into violence.
Talabani's death in Germany on Tuesday came as Iraq struggles to manage the fallout of a controversial referendum on Kurdish independence spearheaded by their long-time Iraqi Kurdish political rival, Masoud Barzani.
While Barzani was present at the funeral and laid a wreath of white flowers at Talabani's casket, Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi was not in attendance.
Interior Minister Qassim al-Araji came to Sulaimaniyah to pay their respects in al-Abadi's place.
Also in attendance were Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif; Iraq's current president and fellow Kurd, Fuad Masum; U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Douglas A. Silliman, and Jan Kubis, the top U.N. envoy in Iraq.
Baghdad, along with neighboring Turkey and Iran, has rejected the Kurdish referendum and is demanding Kurdish leadership do the same. While the vote in non-binding and will not immediately create an independent state, many saw it as a symbolic affirmation of the Iraqi Kurdish dreams for a state of their own.
Iraq's central government has banned international flights from servicing the Kurdish region's airports and Turkey and Iran, fearful of their own restive Kurdish minorities, have threatened further punitive measures.
Turkish President Recep Tayyib Erdoğan threatened a total blockade and has not ruled out the possibility of military invasion.
As Talabani's coffin arrived at Sulaimaniyah airport, Iraqi state TV hailed the late president as a national leader who would not have approved of the referendum, called by Barzani.
However, Talabani had not made any official statement on the vote and their political party was split on the subject.
Iraq's Kurds have been politically divided for decades. Shortly after securing an autonomous zone in the 1990s with the backing of a U.S.-enforced no-fly zone, Barzani and Talabani's rival factions — mainly their Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and the Kurdistan Democratic Party — were drawn into a bitter civil war that killed thousands of civilians and fighters on both sides.
Deep distrust remains to this day, but across the political spectrum, the dream of an independent state is a central rallying point. Both the referendum vote and Talabani's death whipped up nationalist sentiment throughout the Kurdish region.
"Since the beginning of the Kurdish liberation movement until now, it was Mam Jalal who brought us to this point," said Karim Mohammed, a Sulaimaniyah resident among the crowds gathered to pay their respects, "he always looked after us."
"Mam Jalal" is Talabani's Kurdish nickname that translates to Uncle Jalal.
The United Nations described Talabani as "a leading voice of moderation, dialogue, mutual understanding and respect in Iraq's contemporary politics" and a "patriot of unique wisdom and foresight."
Talabani's son and the Kurdish region's deputy prime minister, Qubad Talabani, spoke at the funeral ceremony, saying that their family received condolences from across the Kurdish region.
"He was an uncle to all of you. They belonged to all of Kurdistan," Qubad said in remarks broadcast on local Kurdish television.
———
Associated Press writer Adnan Ahmed Qader in Sulaimaniyah, Iraq, and Susannah George in Baghdad contributed to this report.
DesignWizard Sponsors rebelCon 2017
DesignWizard has joined forces with some of our tech peers to create rebelCon, a not for profit software development conference. The one day event will take place on Friday June 16th at the Republic of Work...
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The Philippine defense chief reacted guardedly Wednesday to President Donald Trump's remarks on fighting terrorism in their first State of the Union address, saying Manila would lend its support whenever the efforts of the two nations coincide.
Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told The Associated Press it did not really matter that Trump failed to mention U.S. policy on the South China Sea disputes involving China, the Philippines and four other governments, saying "that's their call."
"If our efforts against terrorists coincide, well and good, we cooperate," they said. "But in reality, each country will be addressing its own security problems by any legal means at its disposal."
The U.S. deployed surveillance aircraft to help Philippine forces quell an Islamic State group-linked siege in southern Marawi city last year.
Lorenzana did not comment on Trump's order to the Pentagon to keep the Guantanamo Bay detention center open in contrast to the failed efforts of former President Barack Obama to shut down the prison for high-profile terrorism suspects.
By Ernie Palladino
» More Ernie Palladino Columns
In one move, Brian Cashman minimized all the questions about Aaron Boone's lack of experience.
That doesn't matter now. In landing Giancarlo Stanton, Cashman effectively turned their rookie skipper into a push-button manager. Or as close as it gets in this era of analytics and soft-love player communication, anyway.
Boone will still have to deal with certain lineup and rotation decisions. But for the most part, they now take over a team that is World Series ready thanks to the generosity of its old shortstop, Derek Jeter. The funneling north of the NL MVP for Starlin Castro and a couple of low-level prospects by the Marlins' new co-owner desperate to free up dough for their debt-ridden franchise may only the beginning of a talent pipeline reminiscent of the one that brought Roger Maris and others from the Kansas City Athletics in the early 1960s.
But regardless of who comes in the future, getting Stanton and their 59 homers is the move that should set up the Yanks to storm the American League.
Boone need only to run out their lineup every day and watch the balls fly.
Analytics? Put the binders aside. The only numbers Boone needs to heed now are 59, 52, 33, 25, and 21. Those were the 2017 home run totals for Stanton, Aaron Judge, Gary Sanchez, Didi Gregorius, and Brett Gardner. And they don't even take in the numbers Greg Bird is expected to produce provided their repaired ankle and late-season progress continue on their current paths.
What pitcher in their right mind wants to face a lineup that reads Gardner, Judge, Sanchez, Stanton, Bird, Gregorius? There's not a weak spot until it gets to the bottom three of Chase Headley, and Gleyber Torres, the super-rookie expected to replace Castro at second, and whoever takes Jacoby Ellsbury's place if Cashman succeeds in unloading them during the Winter Meetings this week.
Stanton and Judge alone have gotten people talking about a new addition of the “M&M Boys” — Mantle and Maris — but the top of the 2018 lineup would spell out an entire acronym if not for want of a vowel or two.
MORE: Sweeny: Stanton-Judge Possibilities Are Endless — Just Ask Maris, Mantle Families
As with anything, there are concerns. The 28-year-old Stanton has endured several trips to the disabled list in their career. They missed 88 games in 2015 from swinging too hard at a pitch, and lost the last 17 games of 2014 when they took a pitch in the face. Other lengthy absences happened in 2011, '12, and '13.
But Stanton did play in all but three games last year. If their health holds, Boone's biggest problem may involve when to rotate them between the outfield and DH.
Then there are the strikeouts. They finished among the top 10 in three of their eight seasons. Last year's 163 ranked seventh. And with Judge's league-leading 208, that scares the dickens out of some folks.
It shouldn't. Homers and strikeouts are the name of the game now. With everybody upper-cutting for the long ball, the “Golden Sombrero” has gone from shameful to merely an occupational hazard. For Boone's purposes, it's better to strike out than have a DP take their team out of a possible three-run shot.
Forget about hitting and running. No need to steal, not that that was a big part of the Yanks' offensive philosophy to begin with. But station-to-station ball has never looked so good in the Bronx.
On the business end, picking up the remaining 10 years, $295 million will make it hard, but not impossible, to stay under baseball's $197 million luxury tax threshold. No matter. Summoning the ghosts of Babe Ruth's “Murderer's Row” and the “M&M Boys” easily trumped any financial considerations.
In fact, it became a fine investment not only for the offense, but also for a rookie manager who doesn't need a mountain of pre-game moves to clutter up their thinking.
For Boone, it at least starts with pushing buttons. Set that monstrous top six, fiddle with the bottom three, run them out there, and watch them destroy the ballpark.
Pitching? That's a discussion for another day.
Please follow Ernie on Twitter at @ErniePalladino
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Virginia set to expand Medicaid after state Senate gives approval, ending yearslong partisan battle.
A former crew member of a cargo ship that sank after losing propulsion in a hurricane questioned why the ship's owner didn't do more to protect the crew.
The Florida Times-Union reports ( http://bit.ly/2lQaSzH ) that former able seaman Marvin Hearman III testified Tuesday before the U.S. Coast Guard Marine Board of Investigation in Jacksonville, Florida.
The El Faro sank Oct. 1, 2015, while traveling from Jacksonville to Puerto Rico. All 33 aboard died.
Hearman testified that Tote Services Inc. managers often called the ship to tell captains to slow down and conserve fuel, but didn't call to warn the crew they were headed into a strong hurricane.
In a statement, Tote spokesperson Darrell Wilson said the company disagrees strongly with Hearman's testimony and is committed to supporting the lost sailors' families.
———
Information from: The (Jacksonville) Florida Times-Union, http://www.jacksonville.com
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Someone stole decorations in a Halloween heist on Staten Island.
The ghoulish act was caught on camera, and on Friday, the family said they just want their property returned.
It's not time to trick or treat yet, but video footage shows someone helping themselves to a family's beloved Halloween display.
“She doesn't even want to talk about it because, I mean I get choked up,” Kevin Delehanty told CBS2's Lisa Rozner.
Delehanty said the person stole projector lights, an inflatable Disney character and the most sentimental — a blow up Hello Kitty. They bought it for 7-year-old Isabella when they were born.
“She worked very hard on putting everything up,” they said.
It happened around 1 a.m. while the family was sleeping. The person carefully untied the characters, unplugged them, and left.
“People are heartless,” Eileen Pacheco said.
“You do something wrong, you never know, someone's going to see you,” community leader Mike Reilly said.
Delehanty has a plea for the thief.
“No questions asked, just drop it off on the front step, and we'll be done with it,” they said.
They said they tried to buy a new one, but the model is no longer available.
Interior Secretary Ismael “Mike” Sueno on Wednesday said they did not feel offended by the rumors that President Rodrigo Duterte was preparing to replace them with former Senator Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr. as head of the Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG).
“We serve at the pleasure of the President,” Sueno said in a statement to media. “It is within their power, wisdom and discretion to appoint members of their Cabinet. With the information being floated about the change at the helm of the DILG, I take no offense whatsoever.”
Rumors about Duterte appointing Marcos, a longtime ally of the President, as the DILG chief have started circulating recently.
ADVERTISEMENT
Marcos, who lost the vice presidential elections to former Camarines Sur Rep. Leni Robredo, can only join Duterte's Cabinet once the one-year ban on appointing losing candidates lapses in May.
“It is business as usual for me as I dispense my duties and functions with the blessings of President Duterte,” Sueno added.
It took some time for Duterte to appoint Robredo as their housing czar because they did not want to “hurt the feelings” of Marcos.
Robredo eventually resigned from Duterte's Cabinet.
Aside from local government units nationwide, the DILG also oversees the Philippine National Police, the Bureau of Fire Protection, and the National Police Commission. /atm
The police have blocked Highway 4 in both directions between the Mesubim and Aluf Sadeh Interchanges following the collapse of a pedestrian bridge.
Rescue workers are trying to free two people trapped in a truck underneath the bridge. One of them, the driver, suffered serious injuries.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. They were believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
The 13 siblings who were rescued from their Perris home where their parents allegedly held them captive are enjoying their newfound freedom, their attorney said in an ABC News exclusive interview."I think the favorite new experience for them is moving into new bedrooms, where they have been able to pick out their own bedding, have closets with their clothes in them, be able to have a bathroom right handy that they can use, and probably most of all just to go outside," attorney Jack Osborn said.The oldest siblings were released from Corona Regional Medical Center on Thursday and are now sharing one home under state care. The younger six have been split up into two additional homes.The older siblings are experiencing many firsts -- like learning to cook and trying Mexican food. They're also caring for the family dogs."They are joyful, they are warm, they are considerate...I give them a lot of credit for helping each other, relying on each other. I think they've learned how to bring out the best in each other over the years," Osborn said.Their parents, David and Louise Turpin, remain behind bars on dozens of charges including torture and child endangerment.The attorney for the adult siblings says they've communicated with their younger brothers and sisters through Skype, and they all hope to have a reunion soon.
SPARTA, N.J. (AP) — A couple who gained notoriety for crashing a New Jersey wedding reception and leaving the newlyweds a card apologizing for their actions said they did it as a lark while on their first date.
Carly Wolfson told WCBS-TV in New York that they sent the bride, Karen Tufo, a Facebook message apologizing for showing up uninvited at the Aug. 6 event in Sparta.
But Tufo — who has said they found the stunt funny and offered to buy the crashers a drink — told them no apology was needed. Wolfson said Tufo also told them that if all "goes well" for them and Ritchie Barry, she'll have to crash their wedding.
Wolfson said they and Barry planned their outfits and created a backstory involving a phony engagement ring. They also said they almost got cold feet about going through with their plans, likening it to a flirtatious game of "chicken."
"(We came) in right behind the bride, like literately right behind her," Wolfson said. "I freak out, shut the doors."
Reception attendees have said Wolfson and Barry were the life of the party, spending a lot of time on the dance floor and sitting at the best man's table. Some guests and members of the wedding party thought they might be crashers, but with everyone caught up in the celebration no one questioned them.
Tufo has said they initially thought Barry was a friend of their new husband who they had not met. They eventually met the actual friend later on in the evening, but said they continually got sidetracked when they thought about questioning the suspected crashers.
The newlyweds learned the truth when they found the greeting card the crashers left them with a dollar bill attached. The handwritten note stated: "Dear Fox's, 1) Congratulations! 2) Sorry for crashing your wedding 3) Best of luck!!"
The two crashers also included a photo of themselves in the outfits they wore in the wedding photos.
In a Facebook note posted the Monday after the wedding, Fox thanked all their guests but made a point of recognizing the crashers and their accomplishments.
"Well played my friends... well played!!! I need to meet these people and buy them a drink. Professional job! You gave us the best wedding present anyone could ever ask for!" Fox wrote.
Chuck McShane will be acclaimed as the Progressive Conservative candidate in the provincial Niagara Falls riding during a nomination meeting Tuesday.
Murna Dalton, president of the PC Niagara Falls riding association, said three people submitted applications to the party to be considered a candidate.
One person withdrew, another — Niagara Falls Coun. Mike Strange — was “not considered a qualified candidate” — leaving McShane, a Niagara-on-the-Lake resident and long-time business person.
Strange was notified by the party last month that they would not be permitted to stand for the PC party nomination in the riding, which also includes Fort Erie and Niagara-on-the-Lake, due to some material on Strange's Facebook page they deemed to be problematic.
Dalton said the riding association is “pretty pleased” McShane wanted to run.
“He's been a long-time supporter and worker in the party,” they said.
“He's been a party member since 2001, and … they were president of our local riding association back in 2014. He's knocked on doors, he's put up signs, he's been one of your good basic campaign workers for years for us.”
Dalton said most people in the party are happy because they know McShane, and know them to be a “good Tory.”
“We also think he's good because he's got a lot of contacts,” they said.
“He's worked with the Ontario Home Builders Association — they were member of the year once for them. He's Niagara Home Builders Association past president three times, so he's done a lot of work in that area.”
McShane spent time as a volunteer with the Niagara-on-the-Lake fire department, and has done a lot of charity work, said Dalton, such as helping to raise money for the Steve Ludzik Foundation, which raises funds for the Parkinson's rehab clinic at Hotel Dieu Shaver, as well as the Hockey Night in St. Catharines fundraiser that raised money for the United Way.
They said McShane will visit Queen's Park Wednesday to attend a training session and caucus meeting.
“He's jumping in right away from that point of view in terms of understanding the new policy platform that's come out …coming to know that very well and particularly how it applies here in Niagara, and just pulling their campaign team together now,” said Dalton.
“It's kind of all happening fairly quickly as these things do.”
rspiteri@postmedia.com
twitter.com/rayspiteri
(Story in development. Check back for updates)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A teenager was in jail Monday night after coming to their mother's defense in the Bronx.
As CBS2's Valerie Castro reported, crime scene tape was still over the door Monday night the University Avenue apartment in University Heights where police sources said the 18-year-old man strangled Stanley Washington, 43, who was allegedly attacking the teen's mother.
It happened early Monday morning, sources said.
Sources said the 18-year-old awoke to find their mother's ex-boyfriend assaulting them in their family home. They intervened, and police said they choked Washington until the older man passed out.
Washington was pronounced dead at the scene once police arrived.
Neighbors said the young man is never in trouble and always friendly.
“He's a good kid. They went to school, I see them sometimes in the morning — he'd go off to school and that's it,” a neighbor said.
Outside the 52nd Precinct police station, the teen's family did not say very much to CBS2's cameras.
“We can't talk to you right now. We got to go inside,” a family member said.
But family members later said off camera that the 18-year-old would never intentionally harm someone.
The U.S. House Intelligence Committee on Friday released a previously classified memo claiming that the Department of Justice (DOJ) abused critical surveillance authorities in order to damage President Donald Trump's campaign, reported The Hill.
Trump declassified the document earlier on Friday without redactions, despite fierce public objections to the move from the FBI, which warned that the memo contained “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
The four-page document, drafted by staff for Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA), lays out a series of allegations that it says "raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court."
The memo asserts that the Justice Department was fractured by bias against Trump while they were a candidate, though it does not specify any particular criminal statutes that may have been violated.
“The Committee has discovered serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes," Nunes said in a statement.
The memo accuses senior officials at the Department of Justice of inappropriately using a piece of opposition research into Trump during the presidential race to obtain surveillance warrants on transition team members as part of the federal investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
According to the document, information from the so-called Steele dossier was "essential" to the acquisition of surveillance warrants on Trump campaign aide Carter Page. It claims that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the committee in December that without the information from the Steele dossier, no surveillance warrant for Page would have been sought.
The memo alleges that the political origins of the dossier — partially paid for by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) — were not disclosed to the clandestine court that signed off on the warrant request.
The document also claims that although the FBI had "clear evidence" that the author of the dossier, former British spy Christopher Steele, was biased against then-candidate Trump, it did not convey this to the surveillance court when making its warrant applications. The document alleges that Steele told then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr that they "was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president."
Democrats on the Intelligence Committee slammed the document as "mischaracteriz[ing] highly sensitive classified information that few Members of Congress have seen" and "fail[ing] to provide vital context and information contained in DOJ's FISA application and renewals", reported The Hill.
The release of the document was set in motion earlier this week, when Intelligence Committee Republicans, led by Nunes, leveraged an obscure House rule never before used by the committee to override the classification of their document. They argued that its findings were serious enough to warrant public disclosure.
Trump, who approved the release of the memo on Friday, called its findings “a disgrace.”
"A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves," they said, according to The Hill.
The FBI, for its part, warned that it had “grave concerns” about the accuracy of the document.
"The FBI takes seriously its obligations to the FISA Court and its compliance with procedures overseen by career professionals in the Department of Justice and the FBI," the FBI said in its statement. "We are committed to working with the appropriate oversight entities to ensure the continuing integrity of the FISA process."
Former FBI Director James Comey, meanwhile, blasted the Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee over the release of the memo alleging the Department of Justice abused a surveillance program on Friday.
“That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs,” they tweeted.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
SHAH ALAM, Malaysia (AP) — A police witness said Monday that the estranged half brother of North Korea's leader met with an unidentified Korean American man on a Malaysian resort island four days before they were murdered, as the trial of two women accused of killing them resumed.
Indonesia's Siti Aisyah, 25, and Vietnam's Doan Thi Huong, 29, are accused of smearing VX nerve agent on Kim Jong Nam's face in a crowded airport terminal in Kuala Lumpur last Feb. 13. They pleaded not guilty to murder charges when their trial began Oct. 2. The two are the only suspects in custody, though prosecutors have said four North Koreans who fled the country were also involved.
Chief police investigating officer Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz told the court Monday that Kim flew from Macau to Kuala Lumpur last Feb. 6 and went to the northern island of Langkawi two days later. They said Kim met with the Korean American at a Langkawi hotel the next day, but they didn't know the man's identity and it wasn't related to the $138,000 in cash found in Kim's backpack when they were murdered.
Wah Azirul was responding to questions from Gooi Soon Seng, Aisyah's lawyer, who asked them to confirm a report by the Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun that Kim had met in Langkawi with a U.S. intelligence agent who was based in Bangkok.
"Until now, the identity of the man is not known," Wan Azirul told the court. They said they could not remember the hotel name or whether the room was registered under Kim or the man, prompting a lashing from Gooi for their "severe lapse of memory."
Wan Azirul said an analysis of Kim's laptop showed it was last used on Feb. 9. They said Kim returned to Kuala Lumpur on Feb. 12, a day before they were killed while waiting for a flight back to Macau.
The trial is to resume Tuesday.
Gooi has told reporters that Kim's killing was likely a political assassination because of involvement by the North Korean Embassy. A police witness has testified that a car used to take the North Korean suspects to the airport on the day of the murder belonged to the embassy. The court also heard that an embassy official met the suspects before they fled and facilitated their check-in at the airport.
If they are convicted, the two women could face the death penalty, but not if they lacked intent to kill. Defense lawyers say the women believed they were playing a prank for a hidden-camera TV show. Prosecutors contend the women knew they were handling poison.
Kim, the eldest son in the family that has ruled North Korea since its founding, had been living abroad for years after falling out of favor. It is thought they could have been seen as a threat to the rule of their half brother, Kim Jong-un. Malaysian officials have never officially accused North Korea of involvement in Kim's death and have made it clear they don't want the trial politicized.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered more than 1,000 statues and 10 sarcophagi in an ancient noble's tomb on the west bank of the Nile River in Luxor.
The Antiquities Ministry said Tuesday that the tomb was built for a judge during the New Kingdom period, from roughly 1,500 to 1,000 B.C.
The tomb comprised an open courtyard leading to two halls, one containing four ancient coffins and the other including a chamber that houses six. The head of archaeological mission, Mostafa el-Waziri, says another chamber was found containing the statues, which depict kings from different dynasties.
They said archaeologists expect to find even more statues as the dig continues.
15:07 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Motorcycle used in Malaysian hit found Malaysian police announced on Tuesday that they have found the motorcycle used in the weekend's drive-by shooting, which took the life of Hamas engineer Fadi Al-Batsh. ► ◄ Last Briefs
HBO
Winter has come. The seventh season of Game of Thrones is off and running and with only seven episodes, HBO doesn't have time to hold our hands and explain things like where characters are, the history of new locations, or how the actions of one character affect the powder keg that is Westeros' political climate. Luckily, between all of George R.R. Martin's novels, and The World of Ice and Fire historical tome, there are plenty of ways to fill in the blanks and we're here to help. Obviously spoilers and speculation will abound, so proceed at your own peril.
Things are getting really weird on Game of Thrones. It's as if compressing what will easily be thousands of pages from George R.R. Martin's upcoming novels, The Winds of Winter and A Dream of Spring into 14 episodes leads to warping around the edges. For example, in the recent episode “Eastwatch” Dany goes from subjugating the Lannister army by force to send Tyrion to broker a deal with their siblings in the hope that Jon Snow showing Cersei an ice zombie will make them renounce their ways and join the fight against the undead. As of this writing, Jon has gathered their men and they're on a mission to bag a wight. I believe this plan could very well work on HBO, simply due to time constraints. But if you believe Jon showing up with a zombie tied up with a ribbon will move Cersei in the books, I've got a bridge in Asshai-by-the-Shadow to sell you.
But since this is where we're going, let's figure out who this display of magical malevolence will be. There are a few good options, ranging from boring to mind-blowing, not one of which is more likely than the others. In ascending order of viewers shouting “Oh my GOD!” at their televisions, they are as follows.
#1 – Some random wight
Boring but safe. Out of all the undead shambling down from the Lands of Always Winter, choosing a foot solider would take the least effort. Like apex predators, Jon and their men would simply need to isolate one of the stragglers from the herd, muzzle it, and figure out how to get it back to King's Landing before it rotted away into nothingness.
#2 – Some random White Walker
More cunning than the legions they command, White Walkers retain their cognition and sense of humanity. We might not know who the Night King's lieutenants are, but they are clearly still sentient beings. They ride horses, carry weapons, and generally have the mannerisms of a human being that just happens to be made of ice. For this reason, White Walkers are a more dangerous prey, yet more likely to impress Cersei if Jon's group can pull it off. It would also be interesting to see if the White Walkers melt as they go further south.
Asian shares rose Thursday after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy's political situation subsided.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.8 percent to 22,201.82 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 1.1 percent to 30,385.50. The Shanghai Composite index rebounded 1.8 percent to 3,095.47 and Australia's S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.5 percent to 6,011.90. South Korea's Kospi advanced 0.6 percent to 2,423.01. Shares rose in Taiwan and were mostly higher in Southeast Asia.
WALL STREET: Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday as investors reversed course on hopes that Italy will be able to avoid a new round of elections. Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected the Italian gridlock would be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro. The S&P 500 index jumped 1.3 percent to 2,724.01 and the Dow Jones industrial average also climbed 1.3 percent to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.9 percent to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 1.5 percent, closing at a record high of 1,647.99. Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
CHINA MANUFACTURING: Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S. The official purchasing managers' index, or PMI, rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "Today's strong set of official PMIs tell a reassuring story about current growth momentum. However, we will have to wait for more reliable indicators to be published in order to get a clearer picture of the health of China's economy," Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said in a commentary.
CHINA TRADE: China's government said Thursday it reserves the right to retaliate if Washington goes ahead with proposed investment controls Beijing said violate global trade rules. The Commerce Ministry's comment came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
CURRENCIES: The euro rose to $1.1689 from $1.1664. The dollar fell to 108.66 yen from 108.89 yen.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil slipped 25 cents to $67.96 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It jumped 2.2 percent on Wednesday to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 43 cents to $77.29 per barrel. It added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. They can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is traveling to Japan for talks expected to focus largely on trade with America's anchor ally in the region.
Concluding a visit to South Korea, Pence told business leaders in Seoul on Tuesday the administration is taking a fresh look at trade agreements as part of its "America First" policy.
"We're reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure that they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners," Pence told the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea.
White House officials said the economic meetings in Tokyo, with Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and other officials, are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
They will serve as the kickoff to the U.S.-Japan economic dialogue that was announced by President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in February.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
In Japan, Pence's two main goals are to spur increased U.S. access to Japanese markets and strengthen Japanese foreign investment.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. Trade Representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
Pence's advisers said the vice president would seek to make the case to Abe and Aso that the U.S. rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, under Trump did not signal a U.S. withdrawal from trade and economic development in the region.
Before Pence's arrival, Aso told Japanese broadcaster NHK that Japan was providing, "not friction, but cooperation."
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in their home state.
During their visit to South Korea, at the outset of their 10-day trip to Asia, Pence's attention mostly was directed at the North Korean situation.
While inspecting the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea, Pence warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, "the era of strategic patience is over."
Suga, the Japanese government spokesperson, said Japan hopes to discuss policies on North Korea with Pence and to convey a growing sense of urgency over its missile tests and other actions.
———
Thomas contributed from Seoul, South Korea. Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.
EMBED >More News Videos We all know Bay Area roads can get a little crazy in the rain. Here are some tips on how to stay safe.
It will be a wet week across the Bay Area and the Golden State as an Atmospheric River event gets underway.An Atmospheric River, or "AR", event is a narrow band of heavy rain less than 200 miles wide, which brings significant rainfall to an area.Later this week it looks like this AR will have it's sight set on Southern California. There is high concern for Debris Flows in that region, especially over the Thomas Fire burn scar in Ventura and Santa Barbara county. Not only rain but significant snow is coming to the Sierra where feet of fresh powder will arrive by the end of the week.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Global procurement intelligence advisory firm, , has announced the release of their ‘ . ' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets, factors influencing purchasing decisions, procurement best practices, pricing models, supplier landscape, and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of pesticides and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006225/en/
Pesticides Procurement Report (Graphic: Business Wire)
“APAC and South America are the key regions, which is expected to register a promising growth in demand for pesticides,” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Tridib Bora. “Also, the rising population and economic development are the factors, which will lead to an increase in the food production,” added Tridib.
Looking for more insights from this report?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend.
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global Pesticides Market:
M&A among leading players as strategic initiatives Adoption of GM technology in insect-resistant crop strains Development of formulated herbicide technology for weed control systems
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only:
M&A among leading players as strategic initiatives
The pesticides market is witnessing an increase in the number of M&A. The presence of limited vendors in the market helps the buyers to exercise greater vigilance and quality control over the manufacturing process.
Adoption of GM technology in insect-resistant crop strains
Globally, the suppliers in the pesticides market are shifting to GM technology to eliminate diseases in crops. The crops which are genetically engineered for insect resistance can help the buyers reduce the production costs.
Development of formulated herbicide technology for weed control systems
The pesticides market is witnessing the introduction of new herbicides for managing weeds in corn and soybeans. The introduction of new formulations will help the buyers utilize various herbicide formulations based on the crop.
to gain detailed insights into the current market trends.
Get unlimited access to all our reports. Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports, the latest supplier news, innovation landscape, markets insights, supplier tracking, and much more at the click of a button.
We also reports meeting clients' requirements.
Related Reports:
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence. We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries. Our strength lies in delivering robust, real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions. These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities, improve execution efficiency, and fast-track time to savings.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006225/en/
CONTACT: SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 630 984 7340
hello@spendedge.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE
SOURCE: SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 03:15 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 03:15 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006225/en
BELLEVUE, Wash. (AP) — A Seattle-area company has removed a school shooting video game off of its online platform following widespread backlash.
The "Active Shooter" video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a "troll with a history of customer abuse."
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and lead by a person named Ata Berdiyev, who had previously been kicked off of the platform under a different business name.
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
It was condemned by the parents of students killed during a Florida school shooting in February.
ROCKVILLE CENTRE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A New York City police officer has been accused in a startling string of flashing incidents, but now he's retracting their confession, and claims he's not the one who exposed themselves to teens in Rockville Centre backyards.
NYPD detective Robert Francis was silent in court on Monday, but has admitted they were the flasher who exposed themselves to teens in five homes in Rockville Centre.
As CBS2's Carolyn Gusoff reported, they allegedly snuck into fenced backyards at night, knocked on Windows, and shined a flashlight to illuminate their obscene act.
Now, their attorney says their confession was coerced.
“The district attorney has said there are three people who have identified a white person and you can tell Mr. Francis is in no way a white person,” Peter Brill said.
The 17 year detective and married father claims they were innocently visiting a friend when Rockville Centre police conveniently pinned a string of cases on him, and that emotional issues prompted them to falsely confess.
“He's had some financial problems, some job problems. It's been a difficult time for him, it has nothing to do with any sexual history or anything that is as torrid that is alleged here,” Brill said.
Police stood by their confession.
“It's not a coerced confession. We don't coerce people into confessing,” Rockville Centre Police Commissioner, Charles Gennerio said.
Gennario said the young victims understandably gave vague descriptions.
“They glance at what was going on, and immediately turn away,” they said.
Victims' parents told CBS2 their kids were traumatized. Neighbors hope the unsettling pattern is solved.
“If they committed the crime they should pay for it, and if it's mistaken identity they need to continue to look for this perpetrator,” one parent said.
“If it's true it's a New York City police officer, so it's pretty upsetting,” another added.
False confessions are a documented phenomenon, but from a seasoned police detective? Residents may be skeptical — noting that there have been no similar incidents in the three weeks since their arrest.
Francis has been suspended from the NYPD, as is routine when a police officer is arrested. The judge ordered them to stay away from the five teenage victims.
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia's economy has overcome a recession.
Putin said during Thursday's live call-in show televised nationwide that the "crisis is over," pointing at an economic growth over the past nine months. They also pointed at low inflation and rising hard currency reserves.
The Russian economy had plunged into recession under the impact of a drop in global oil prices and Western sanctions imposed on Moscow over its annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula and support for pro-Russia insurgents in eastern Ukraine.
Putin acknowledged that the Russian economy hasn't yet shed its dependence on exports of raw materials, but noted that non-energy exports have been growing.
BALLARD, Utah (AP) — Authorities say a 2-year-old Utah girl has died after being fatally shot while their sibling was handling a gun.
The Uintah County Sheriff's Office said Monday that the child was accidentally shot in their home Sunday by an older sibling who was moving the gun from one room to another.
The sheriff's office says in a statement that the gun had been leaning against a wall inside the home since Saturday after being brought back from a hunting trip.
The girl's parents took them to the hospital, where they died.
Messages seeking additional details from the sheriff and chief deputy were not immediately returned.
Ballard has a population of about 850 people and is about 150 miles (240 kilometers) southeast of Salt Lake City.
ROGERSVILLE, TN (WJHL) – A representative of President Donald Trump has signed a deed making the Trump family landowners in Hawkins County.
According to a deed sent to News Channel 11 from the office of Judy Kirkpatrick, the deed was signed in August and finalized this past Friday.
The landowners, Philip and Karen Henard, sold the property to The Trump Organization, Donald Trump, Melania Trump, Donald Trump, Jr. and Vanessa Trump.
The property was sold on lot #40 of Grandview Estates in Rogersville.
No word right now what that property will be used for.
Keep checking News Channel 11 for updates on this developing story.
Deed shows land acquired by Trump organization in Rogersville View as list View as gallery Open Gallery
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Israeli PM says 'no coincidence' Iranian plot to bomb rally in Paris was thwarted.
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu hinted Wednesday night that Israel had foiled an Iranian attack in France.
At a ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of the Acre prison break, Netanyahu spoke of the duplicity of Iran's behavior. "This week the President of Iran met with leaders in Europe in order to try and overcome President Trump's sanctions regime – and I tell you that this attempt will fail – even as Iran planned a terrorist attack on French soil in Europe."
"It was no coincidence that this attack was thwarted," they said, hinting at a possible Israeli role in the foiling of the plot.
"I call on the leaders of Europe: Stop financing the terrorist regime that is financing terrorism against you on your soil. Enough with the policy of appeasement and weakness regarding Iran."
They added that Israel would always defend itself. "Against those who threaten to destroy Israel we are taking strong action to ensure the future of Israel."
Four people, including an Iranian diplomat, were arrested over the weekend in connection with a plot to bomb a rally of Iranian dissidents in Paris.
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — An American teacher in Vietnam is in trouble for making offensive comments about one of the country's most revered figures.
Daniel Hauer, an English teacher in Hanoi, commented on Facebook that they were getting a genital piercing in the shape of late Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap (VO WEN ZAHP), a national hero who fought the French and American invaders.
The comments drew a furious public response, with many calling for their deportation.
In a meeting with the Ministry of Information and Communication Tuesday, Hauer apologized to Giap's family and the people of Vietnam. State media quoted ministry official Le Quang Tu Do as saying that Hauer could be fined up to $2,200 but a final decision will be made soon depending on their behavior.
Hauer declined to comment Wednesday.
Zinfandel Zara a South Australian star on the rise
GAVIN Harris looks to have another smart youngster on their hands after the lightly raced Zinfandel Zara (Fabregas x Wikena Feb '16) won Thursday night's $9,365 Doug Payne SA Bred feature (515m) at Angle Park.
Lining up against a classy field which included group class performers Hukanui (Kelsos Fusileer x Daddy's Muffin Feb '14) and Windmill Haze (Barcia Bale x Contrary Mary May '15), Zinfandel Zara stepped beautifully off box seven, settling in second position before finding the front and powering to the line to win by six and a half lengths in a flying 29.66.
Amazingly, Thursday's feature was only their fifth race start, taking their record to four wins and over $10,000 for Harris who also co-owns the black bitch with some mates.
“I was very pleased with her,” Harris told Australian Racing Greyhound.
“She likes wide draws so I gave them some chance, although I wasn't expecting them to go as well as they did.
“I threw them in the deep end a bit, but they handled themselves beautifully and it was very exciting.”
The 2017 SA Bred Doug Payne was run last night @ APK & most would have gone home thinking they've just seen the next big thing in SA greyhound racing. Zinfandel Zara was having only their 5th lifetime start and blew their rivals away with pure speed in this quality field. pic.twitter.com/etq3oadIxr — Greyhound Racing SA (@TheDogsSA) December 8, 2017
Harris says the 27-kilogram chaser has always shown plenty of ability and is hopeful that they could turn out to be a bargain buy after purchasing them for a sizeable figure as a pup.
“She was bred by Kirin Corby who I have had dogs for before. All three dogs of theirs which I have trained have won at least 10 races each so I knew it was a good bloodline.
“She was put through the puppy auctions over here and at that stage their mother had already thrown Harbourmaster which was a fast South Australian dog which won in 29.40 at Sandown.
“I decided to buy them with a group of people and we paid $5,500 for them They broke in very fast so we have thought we had something good from day one, but they have surprised us all a little by just how good they are.”
Harris, who has had success interstate with their top stayer Springvale Bryne (Oaks Road x Little Looper Dec '13), said they are not afraid to travel around Australia with their newest kennel star, but concedes they are likely to keep them at home for the immediate future.
“She is still only young so I don't want to push them too hard straight away.  They are still a grade six at Gawler so we might head there and then bring them back to Angle Park.
“She is paid up for the Breeders Series' in the next six months and there are a few nice features to win with them around here, but if they are going well enough I would definitely consider going interstate down the track.
“A good thing about them is that they muster fast and they explode once they start moving which should help them to win a few races.
“Also they are only 21 months old so hopefully the best is still in front of her.”
Former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will headline a Louisville event aimed at helping re-energize Kentucky's downtrodden Democratic Party.
The independent senator from Vermont will be joined by Democratic national chairperson Tom Perez at the event Tuesday night. Their appearance is part of a national tour called "Come Together and Fight Back."
They're promoting an agenda that includes raising the minimum wage, providing pay equity for women, rebuilding roads and bridges, passing immigration reform and making public colleges tuition-free.
Their visit comes as Democrats are trying to rebound from a series of election losses in Kentucky. Republicans hold both U.S. Senate seats from Kentucky, all but one of the state's congressional seats and the governorship. The GOP controls the state legislature, and Republican President Donald Trump easily carried Kentucky last year.
Getty Image
The significant tax reform legislation recently passed by the Republican-controlled Congress and President Trump is credited with drawing ample business opportunities back to the United States. It's also cited as being partially responsible for several store closures and layoffs across the country. Whichever way you fall on the matter, the tax cuts long-touted by Trump and their congressional allies, like House Speaker Paul Ryan, are already affecting American workers across the board. So says a recent Associated Press report, which Ryan apparently liked so much, they decided to tweet about it Saturday morning.
They were especially taken with the story of Julia Ketchum, a high school secretary in Pennsylvania who told the AP “she was pleasantly surprised their pay went up $1.50 a week.” Adding that they “didn't think their pay would go up at all,” Ketchum told the outlet the “$78 a year” they would now be receiving “will more than cover their Costco membership for the year.” Ryan liked this so much, they paraphrased the AP's account of Ketchum's meager pay increase in a tweet from their personal account:
Yet the speaker, who is reportedly considering leaving their vaulted position in the House later this year, ultimately deleted the tweet due to the outcry that resulted. For even though Ketchum seemed genuinely happy about the weekly increase of $1.50, its comparison to the projected $1.5 trillion in debt they will add to the federal deficit over the next 10 years didn't sit too well with Ryan's critics.
Voting began in the election for governor of the Indonesian capital after a months-long campaign in which the monumental problems facing Jakarta took a backseat to religious intolerance and racial bigotry.
More than 13,000 polling places opened at 7 a.m. to accommodate the 7.1 million people eligible to vote. The election is one of dozens taking place Wednesday across Muslim-majority Indonesia.
Incumbent Gov. Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, a minority Christian and ethnic Chinese, is vying against Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, who is the son of a former president, and Anies Rasyid Baswedan, a moderate now courting the votes of conservative and hard-line Muslims.
Ahok's chances appeared dashed after accusations of blasphemy led to criminal charges and their ongoing blasphemy trial but they have recently rebounded in opinion polls.
Nothing there. That's what attorney Richard Hattox indicated regarding an investigation of the Commissioners Court conducted by the Texas Attorney General's office that they said spanned 12-18 months. Hattox offered their counsel pro bono to the elected officials, who recently were no-billed by the grand jury. Court members were accused of holding illegal meetings, “but there was no proof of it,” said Hattox. They added that the accusations were politically motivated and based upon the court's refusal to remove certain children's books from the Hood County Library.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — The Latest on Virginia passage of Medicaid expansion plan after years of gridlock (all times local):
8:05 p.m.
The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly has given final approval to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor.
The House of Delegates voted Wednesday shortly after the state Senate voted in favor of expansion. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to support Medicaid expansion after years of partisan battle on the issue.
The House had previously endorsed expansion, while the Senate had held out in opposition until Wednesday.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
7:05 p.m.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Senate on Wednesday approved a state budget that would expand Medicaid eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act pushed by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed unsuccessfully for years to expand it. Several state Republicans dropped their opposition this year, saying Virginia would be better off with increased federal funding for the program.
The budget still needs final approval House and from Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. That's expected to happen with little difficulty.
LIMA, Peru (AP) — The political party loyal to former President Alberto Fujimori expelled the ex-strongman's son Tuesday as a rift widened between their two children over the party's botched attempt to oust Peru's current president in December.
The son, Kenji Fujimori, led a group of rebellious lawmakers from the Popular Will party who blocked a push by the party, headed by their sister, to remove Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski. Two days later, the scandal-tainted Kuczynski pardoned Alberto Fujimori in what many see as a closed-door political deal.
Although Kenji Fujimori obtained the most votes of any lawmaker in 2016 congressional elections, they have taken a back seat in the party to their older sister, Keiko Fujimori, who narrowly lost the presidency to Kuczynski in a runoff election.
Alberto Fujimori was given a medical pardon by Kuczynski and released from a 25-year sentence for graft and human rights abuses committed during their 1990-2000 rule.
MOSCOW — Moscow on Friday faced over 130 fake bomb calls that prompted the evacuation of some 100,000 people from shopping malls, schools, railway stations and office buildings.
It was the most massive flurry of fake bomb threats since a wave of bomb hoaxes began in early September. The fake bomb threats have affected dozens of Russian cities and incurred massive economic damages.
Among those targeted by the bomb calls Friday were all four Moscow airports, five railway stations, 15 shopping malls, several hotels, more than 20 schools and many other venues, the state Tass news agency said. No explosives have been found in the anonymous calls.
ADVERTISEMENT
Flights to and from Moscow weren't affected, as security agents at the airports checked for explosives without holding evacuations.
The bomb calls continued until the evening, when the Luzhniki sports arena and office buildings in the Moscow City district were evacuated — including the Moscow city hall legislature and the government's analytical center.
Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said Thursday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes.
Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but they wouldn't identify them or describe their motives. They added that the perpetrators were using internet connections to make the calls, making them hard to identify.
Russian media have speculated that the fake calls might have been launched from neighboring Ukraine — which has been angered by Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea and it supports for pro-Russia separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine — or staged by other Kremlin foes. There has been no evidence to back any of the theories, however.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Is it bad to have a best friend?
One Massachusetts mother is speaking out after their child's preschool issued a restriction on kids using the term.
Christine Hartwell told ABC News that in early March, their 4-year-old daughter Julia came home from Pentucket Workshop Preschool in Georgetown and informed them that the teacher told them that they are no longer allowed to use the term "best friend."
Unaware that this was a new policy, Hartwell said that they spent several days reaching out to Julia's school to find out what had ensued.
"I spoke to the assistant director and I said, 'My daughter is very upset; before I address it with her, I need to know in the context of what happened, what was said and how did it happen,'" Hartwell recalled.
Hartwell said that the assistant director and the director of the preschool told them that Julia used the term "best friend" in a loving way, but that it can be "exclusive and hurt other children," which is why they asked them to refrain from saying it again.
STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
"I said, 'Do you see [that with] this policy, this all-inclusive philosophy, my child was excluded?'" Hartwell said. "My child was shamed. My child was made to feel sad. My child was made to feel like they did something wrong."
The preschool allegedly told Hartwell that Julia would be persuaded to not use the term "best friend" while she's amongst a larger group of children. But Hartwell argued that their daughter is only 4 years old, and using the words "best friend" is something that they do often.
"She calls so many children on a daily basis their best friend," Hartwell explained. "I'm their 'best mom,' There's a 'best teacher.' This is developmentally appropriate langauge that children use. She's 4. For many kids, their hearts are open."
They went on, "I don't want my daughter to think or feel that is a bad thing. We have been teaching them for four years to be inclusive, to be loving, to be kind. She's so social. She's going to say this again. I don't understand how to 'police it' or how to ramify it to tell them to stop because this is what 4-year-olds do."
Rachel Simmons, leadership development specialist at the Wurtele Center for Leadership at Smith College in Massachusetts and author of “Odd Girl Out,” said that you cannot make a child's behavior change by making a word go away.
"It might have been easier for this school just to talk about what a good healthy best friend looks like instead of telling kids not do it at all," Simmons said in a statement to ABC News. "By telling kids not say that word, it is probably going to make kids worry more about who their best friend is or isn't or wanting to have one just so they can be part of something taboo."
Simmons added, "What this school is doing ... is misguided because it is focusing on a word and not the behavior. And it is in the behavior where our kids really have the potential to change."
After speaking with school officials, Hartwell said they suggested having an open forum or a larger parent-teacher conference to discuss new rule of placing a ban on the term "best friend."
Hartwell alleges that the school declined to participate or allow them to utilize the parent email list to organize such a meeting.
"If this is their philosophy, make it known, make it official and or have a discussion with parents," Hartwell said. "Let them say their piece. You are dealing with their children."
Pentucket Workshop Preschool declined ABC News' request for a comment.
In a letter addressed to Hartwell, the school maintained its decision to "dissuade" children from using the term "best friend" at their facility. Hartwell shared the letter with ABC News.
"It has been our experience (which spans decades) that the use of the term 'best friend' even when used in a loving way, can lead other children to feel excluded. We feel that instead of encouraging children to have best friends, which can ultimately lead to the ormation of 'cliques' and 'outsiders,' it is much more developmentally helpful to encourage children to have a broader group of friends, and foster inclusion at this particular age. As part of our philosophy we do encourage the children to have a broad group of friends."
Hartwell said they have since pulled their child out of the preschool.
Captain Morgan
Every college party needs to invite a girl who asks if they can bring a plus one only to show up with a bottle of Captain Morgan that they clutch to their chest between swigs for the remainder of the evening, pausing only to ask people if they have met them boyfriend.
“He's a captain,” they declare in glee before dissolving into a fit of drunken giggles. I know that girl. I like that girl. That girl is fun, and they are also one part of the target audience for Captain Morgan's ridiculous holiday offering.
No. It's not a Christmas themed bottle. It's a four-and-a-half-foot lamp that is half a Captain and half a Christmas Story's iconic lamp. Oh, yeah. You heard us.
Captain Morgan's “Leg Up Lamp” features the sculpted legs of the Captain in their famous pose as the base and a red shade with gold fringe. Also, it's a whopping 40 pounds, so your wife (or husband, we're a progressive bunch here) won't knock it over while dusting or in a passive aggressive fit of pique. And, so help me, if you don't get it in a box that is stamped “fragile,” you should get a refund.
If you are jonesing for the lamp because you are a pirate historian or a drunk or a fan of tacky, tacky things, you can purchase it from the Captain Morgan online store for $499. But, only five of them will be released, so you need to be ready to spring into action when the lamp sales go live on Wednesday, December 13.
The only thing that girl at the party might like more than this lamp is a Captain Morgan onesie to wear to parties or like a Captain Morgan sex toy. Damn this job for making me research pirate vibrators in order to see if that's a thing. Yes. It is. One of them appears to have a kraken feature.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The artificial intelligence researcher who has said they want to free humanity from repetitive mental drudgery also wants to save AI entrepreneurs time spent raising funds.
Andrew Ng (unh) says he's launching a $175 million fund to invest in AI startups, backed by private-equity firms NEA, Sequoia, Greylock Partners and Softbank.
Ng's the co-founder of online education platform Coursera who's led AI teams at Google and Baidu. They say their background will help prioritize projects with the most potential, saving founders six months of development time otherwise lost explaining their idea. He's also tapping their personal network for leads: The fund, simply called AI Fund, isn't taking pitches from entrepreneurs.
The fund is also investing an undisclosed sum in Ng's startup Landing.ai that aims to bring AI to manufacturing.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet their Turkish counterpart, following visits to Syria and Egypt.
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East, as well as bilateral relations, according to the Turkish president's office.
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria.
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015. But the two have since restored bilateral relations.
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting.
COOPERSTOWN, N.Y. (AP) — A state lawmaker whose district includes Cooperstown is making a strong pitch to have New York designate baseball as the official state sport.
Sen. Jim Seward, a Republican from Milford in Otsego County, points out that nearby Cooperstown is home to the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Last week, they introduced legislation that would make baseball the official sport of New York state.
Seward tells The Citizen of Auburn (http://bit.ly/2l7XtUF ) that their proposal was inspired by a letter sent to them last year by a fourth-grade class at Cooperstown Elementary School, where a teacher had students develop the idea during New York state history lessons.
The students also pointed out that New York is home to two major league teams — the Yankees and Mets — as well as 10 minor league ballclubs.
___
Information from: The Citizen, http://www.auburnpub.com
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Indonesia has begun a campaign to immunize 8 million children and teenagers against diphtheria after the disease killed 38 people, mostly children, since January.
Children in school uniforms and toddlers clinging to their parents received shots at a high school in Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, on the first day of the campaign Monday.
Diptheria can cause breathing difficulties, heart failure and paralysis. It was more or less eradicated in Indonesia in the 1990s but health officials say it has re-emerged in the past four years because immunization rates have dropped, partly reflecting unfounded fears about vaccines.
The $112 million campaign aims to vaccinate 8 million people under the age of 19 in Jakarta and the populous provinces of Banten and West Java.
KINGS POINT, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Attorneys for four midshipmen from the United States Merchant Marine Academy appeared in court Wednesday, after the midshipmen were told they may not graduate this weekend due to abuse allegations.
A total of seven midshipmen are being barred from the graduation, all from a U.S. Merchant Marine Academy soccer team.
As WCBS 880's Sophia Hall reported, the midshipmen are accused of sexual abuse on a bus this past fall. The incident came to light recently.
The four midshipmen, their attorney Michael Cassell said, were not given the charges against them and had no time to prepare a defense. Instead, Cassell said the men were just told they may not graduate on Saturday because they are accused in the abuse incident and there is a federal investigation.
“My clients are obviously frustrated with the situation, and not happy with the situation, which is why we had to commence the lawsuit,” Cassell said.
But an assistant U.S. attorney said the fur are accused of behavior and honor violations and indeed should not be allowed to graduate.
A judge set another hearing for Thursday afternoon. The judge asked the U.S. attorney to think about letting the four graduate under the condition that if they are found guilty, they will have to give their diplomas back to the academy.
Newsday first reported the academy's superintendent, Rear Admiral James Helis, sent an email to students and faculty last week about the suspension.
The probe is being conducted by the Office of Inspector General in the U.S. Department of Transportation, the academy's overseer.
Last year, a program that places academy midshipmen on commercial vessels was temporary suspended amid concerns about sexual abuse and harassment.
HELSINKI (AP) — A fawn that became stranded on a patch of ice in Finland's Inkoo archipelago has gotten a hand from members of the Finnish coast guard.
They spotted the unsteady animal from their hovercraft during a regular patrol on Saturday.
Senior Coast Guard officer Sebastian von Bruun filmed colleague Kristian Rasted pulling the "helpless white-tailed deer on the slippery ice" back to shore. Rasted gave a thumbs-up after the fawn rushed into the woods.
Von Brunn said: "The mother deer was very happy and grateful to get their baby back."
The Coast Guard said while animal rescue missions are not part of its personnel's normal duties, they do occur from time to time.
The Finnish Border Guard, of which the coast guard is past, posted the rescue video on social media.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
In our city's darkest hour, @FDNY firefighter Thomas Phelan's heroism saved hundreds of lives. We will never forget their service and their sacrifice. https://t.co/dRn4xVFDza — Bill de Blasio (@NYCMayor) March 18, 2018
A 9/11 emergency responder who saved hundreds following the attack in 2011 has died of cancer at age 45.Authorities said Thomas Phelan, a New York ferry captain who later became a city firefighter, died Friday.The New York City Fire Department said when the Twin Towers were hit, Phelan helped ferry people from Lower Manhattan.In 2003, Phelan joined the FDNY as a firefighter and was promoted to Marine pilot, according to authorities.Mayor Bill de Blasio sent a tweet Sunday honoring Phelan's service and sacrifice.Phelan is one of the thousands of victims of cancer linked to the 9/11 attack.His funeral is scheduled for Tuesday in Brooklyn.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they had one goal in mind above all else: to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market.
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers, whose product is not taxed. As a result, weed production boomed — with a bitter consequence.
Now, marijuana prices here are in freefall, and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts.
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California, where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale.
"For the way the program is set up, the state just wants to get as many people in as possible, and they make no bones about it," Hilary Bricken, a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law, said of California. "Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation."
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds (453,600 kilograms) of marijuana flower — commonly called bud — in its inventory, a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people. Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 percent in the past year; a study by the state's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $14 in 2015 to $7 in 2017.
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers' and regulators' earliest decisions to shape the industry.
They were acutely aware of Oregon's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide, as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal, but largely unregulated, medical pot program.
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish, said Sen. Ginny Burdick, a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure.
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which issues licenses, announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out. The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon's oversupply problem.
"In my view, and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I've heard from, it's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization," Williams told the AP in a phone interview.
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply, Burdick said.
"We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible," Burdick said.
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money. That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry.
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week. State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process, they'll get sued or encourage illegal trade.
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California, equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region.
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain, medium-sized growing licenses. In some cases, companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses, which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels. The growers association is suing to block those rules, fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators.
Beau Whitney, senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data, said he's seeing California prices fall.
In contrast, Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing. As the market matured, its regulators eased growing limits, but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis.
Colorado has no caps on licenses, but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers' farm size based on past crop yields, existing inventory, sales deals and other factors.
In Oregon, cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up.
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state — with three more on tap — and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too. Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland, with another slated to open.
William Simpson, Chalice's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO, is expanding into Northern California, Nevada and Canada. Simpson welcomes criticism that he's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market.
"If you take Chalice like Starbucks, it's a known quantity, it's a brand that people know and trust," they said.
Amy Margolis, executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association, says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term. The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead.
"I don't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure," they said. "I'm very interested to see ... how this market settles itself and (in) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place."
For now, Oregon's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat.
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis. Adam Smith, who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, believes 70 percent of Oregon's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers don't respond.
"We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore," they said. "The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity. It's about people with their hands in the dirt, making something they love as well as they can. How do we save that?"
___
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle, Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report.
___
Flaccus is a member of the AP's marijuana beat team. Follow them on Twitter at https://twitter.com/gflaccus. Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
One 6-year-old boy was overcome with so much emotion while watching their mother walk down the aisle to wed their father that they were captured sobbing in a now-viral, heartwarming photo.
Bryson Suber served as the ring bearer for the September 4, 2016, wedding of their parents, Tearra and Bryant Suber, who were high school sweethearts.
As they watched their mother walk down the aisle inside Pinnacle Golf Course in Grove City, Ohio, they couldn't hold back theirs tears.
@wanderingwoo/wanderingwoo.com
Tearra, 30, told ABC News they initially "did not notice Bryson right away."
@wanderingwoo/wanderingwoo.com
"When I got to the end of the aisle -- as you can imagine -- I was completely overwhelmed with emotions as soon as I hit the end of that aisle," they said.
The mother of two added that even their father, who walked them down the aisle, had to whisper in their ear to calm them emotions.
@wanderingwoo/wanderingwoo.com
"It wasn't until halfway down the aisle that I noticed Bryson," they said. "It completely took me back. The magnitude of that day and that moment meant a lot to us."
Photographer Paul Woo told ABC News in a statement that it was "difficult" to capture Bryson's heartwarming moment.
"I was secretly bawling behind the camera and had to prioritize this moment over the bride coming down the aisle," they explained. "Yes, I got both photos, but I knew this moment was the moment."
@wanderingwoo/wanderingwoo.com
Tearra said they aren't surprised by their eldest son's reaction as "he's a mommy's boy so he's very much connected to me spiritually."
They said their wedding was made even more special now that Bryson's photo has gone viral recently.
"It was literally one of the most magical days that I've experienced," Tearra added. "And there's no way I would've done it without them there."
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — The Australian government has launched an urgent investigation into the loss of thousands of classified documents that were sold with two second-hand filing cabinets.
Australian Broadcasting Corp. reported on Wednesday that the cabinets were sold by a Canberra furniture shop at a discount price because they were locked and no one could find keys.
The ABC has not identified the buyer who removed the locks with a drill and found thousands of Cabinet documents spanning more than a decade and four prime ministers, the most recent being Tony Abbott. Abbott was replaced in 2015 by the current Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet says it has initiated an urgent investigation into the cabinet's disposal.
The ABC reports nearly all the documents are classified.
GOLD COAST, Australia (AP) — Olympic swimming gold medalist Grant Hackett was detained by police on Australia's Gold Coast on Wednesday after their father called for help.
Hackett's brother, Craig, said the family was struggling to cope with the 36-year-old retired swimmer's mental health issues.
"The whole family have done everything that we can but now it's kind of out of our hands," Craig Hackett was quoted as saying by the Australian Associated Press. "The Grant Hackett that Australia fell in love with, they can still have that affection toward him. This is not 'Grant Hackett.'"
Craig Hackett said their younger brother's personality had become almost unrecognizable.
"This is a completely different person," Craig Hackett said. "I don't know this person, my mum and dad don't know this person. He's there in body, but he's not there in mind, soul or spirit."
Hackett's father, former police detective Neville, called police to their Gold Coast home around noon Wednesday after two-time Olympic 1,500-meter freestyle champion became agitated and aggressive.
The former swimming star agreed to go with police and was later released, but not before the episode had made national news.
"This is now a chronic problem and it looks like it's not going to go away in a hurry," Craig Hackett said. "From a mental health perspective I hope something can be done.
"To see someone who is so dominant and had the world at their feet to now, really we don't know what's going to happen — it doesn't look encouraging."
Hackett had a high profile as a swimmer and TV personality after winning gold in the 1,500 at the Sydney 2000 and Athens 2004 Olympics, holding the world record in the event, and finishing with silver at Beijing in 2008.
After their TV career unraveled following a series of out-of-competition troubles, they tried to make a comeback for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro last year but didn't qualify for the Australian team.
Last April, they publicly apologized for a drunken incident on a flight home from the Australian Olympic trials when they were accused of groping a male passenger who reclined the seat in front of him.
Hackett admitted he'd been drinking alcohol before the flight and would seek help to quit.
They said their career was tarnished by "pure stupidity, making poor decisions at crucial times in my life" and they felt "a huge amount of regret."
Hackett said they struggled being back in the public spotlight after six years away from competitive swimming, leading to "unacceptable" and "embarrassing" actions.
"I have to live with that. It is very difficult. A deep sense of shame, guilt, embarrassment, of regret, I am so sorry for my actions and the people it has impacted," they said.
Hackett traveled to the United States in 2014 to undergo treatment for a dependency on the sleeping medication Stilnox. Their stint in rehabilitation followed the publication of a photograph of them partially nude and disoriented at a Melbourne hotel, searching for their young son, and the very public breakup of theirs marriage.
NEW YORK (AP) — Anthony Rizzo has taken quite a liking to the leadoff spot.
One night after hitting a leadoff homer in their first career start atop the batting order, the Chicago Cubs' 240-pound (109-kilogram) first baseman did it again. Rizzo drove Matt Harvey's first pitch over the left-center fence at Citi Field for their 15th home run of the season Wednesday, prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout.
"I am statistically the greatest leadoff hitter of all-time," Rizzo said after the game. "I would like to retire there."
Chicago rookie Ian Happ followed with their seventh homer for a 2-0 lead over the New York Mets, who later rallied for a 9-4 victory.
Rizzo was asked about television broadcasters mentioning that they predicted their leadoff homer against Harvey before the game.
"That's kind of bogus that they bring out what we talk about in the dugout a lot. That's between me and my teammates and they're putting that on TV," they said. "We talk all the time here, just saying, 'Hey, it's going to be 1-0, it's going to be 1-0 again. But you can't ever predict a home run off a pitcher, especially Matt Harvey, so to put it out there, I'm not too thrilled with all that. But I was saying it before the game, messing around, being loose."
The previous night, Rizzo launched Zack Wheeler's second pitch a projected 462 feet to center, sparking a 14-3 rout of the Mets. Happ hit a grand slam off Wheeler in the second inning.
Looking to energize their slumping team, manager Joe Maddon batted Rizzo first on Tuesday — making the All-Star slugger the seventh Chicago player to hit at the top of the lineup this year.
The defending World Series champions entered Tuesday with a .306 on-base percentage from the leadoff spot, which ranked 24th in the majors.
"You just go with it. It's fun," Rizzo said Wednesday. "Obviously you go back-to-back there, it gets the clubhouse really loose. Just statistically, by the books, to lead off the game, I'm the best there ever was. Right now."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Interested in Hurricanes? Add Hurricanes as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Hurricanes news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
A United Nations expert on extreme poverty and human rights is meeting with hurricane victims in Puerto Rico, marking the first time such an envoy has visited the U.S. territory in recent history.
Special rapporteur Philip Alston's trip Monday comes as Puerto Ricans and some government officials voice complaints that the U.S. has not provided sufficient help after Hurricane Maria hit the island on Sept. 20.
The Category 4 storm killed dozens of people and destroyed tens of thousands of homes. Ten of the island's 78 municipalities are still without power, and thousands of businesses remain closed.
Alston told The Associated Press that there is a disproportionate number of Puerto Ricans living in poverty and that he's trying to assess the effectiveness of measures taken by the federal government.
ABOARD CELEBRITY EQUINOX (AP) — Honeymooners Zach and Alyssa Bynum of Louisville, Kentucky, had never been on an ocean cruise until last summer when they sailed aboard Celebrity Equinox.
They were immediately enamored with this shiny ship and impressed by the overall experience. They likely will cruise again.
"We enjoyed the atmosphere and experience, including the excursions and onboard activities," said Zach Bynum. "We have definitely talked about doing another."
After all, what's not to like about cruising? Ocean views, exotic ports and beautiful ships with fine food, abundant activities and great entertainment.
Today's ships are like floating cities, carrying thousands of passengers, and each year, new and bigger vessels are launched with ever more unique features. New ships offer everything from menus designed by celebrity chefs to sophisticated fitness centers and spas, kids' clubs and recreation ranging from basketball to water slides to laser tag. Entertainment includes cabaret, dance clubs, blues clubs, Broadway shows, comedy and circus acts.
The Bynums booked their trip after talking with Zach's grandmother, who'd cruised before. First-timers often book on the advice of family or friends, said Peter Giorgi, Celebrity Cruises' chief marketing officer, and those first-timers frequently come back. "For someone to enjoy something so much that they can't help but recommend it to their friends, family and loved ones is the greatest co-sign of all," Giorgi said. "No amount of advertising dollars can buy that."
Another Equinox passenger, Aaron Humphrey of Columbus, Ohio, was on their first cruise, too. "I was surprised by how much there is to do on the ship," they said while basking on deck in the warm Caribbean sunshine during a lazy sailing day between ports. "I was hooked on a cruise within the first couple of hours." Their wife Megan, who'd cruised before, said they picked the trip because "we wanted to chill and eat some local food in places we hadn't seen before, and we decided that a cruise was the best of both worlds. "
But if you've never done it, the idea of a cruise might be daunting. Here are some tips for first-timers.
BOOKING
Choose cabins according to your finances. Inside cabins are cheapest, ocean view is next, then rooms with a balcony, and most expensive, suites. If prone to motion sickness, lower decks and cabins closest to ship's center are the most stable. Peruse layouts online before picking a cabin and to familiarize yourself with the ship's features.
Every cruise line has a different style. To book the right ship for you, experts recommend using a travel agent. It doesn't cost extra and might save money, because agents often have access to deals.
PACKING, DEPARTURE AND BOARDING
Plan your wardrobe carefully, depending on itinerary and expected weather. Laundry and dry cleaning onboard are expensive.
The days of required formal wear — jackets, ties, evening gowns — at dinner are long gone, though some passengers will dress up.
Pack a power strip. Most cabins have only one or two outlets. Shampoo and soap are provided but you may bring your own — and there's no size limit like there is for flying.
If you're flying to your departure port, arrive a day ahead. If your flight is cancelled or delayed, you might miss the sailing.
Have reservation documents in hand when checking in at the terminal, along with required identification such as driver's license or passport. Lines can be long as departure time nears.
A mandatory muster drill — where everyone reports to a deck for safety and evacuation information — is held shortly after departure.
It takes a few hours for luggage to be delivered to cabins.
Smoking on ships is restricted to certain areas and not allowed in cabins.
WHAT'S FREE, WHAT'S NOT
No need for cash onboard. Cruises provide plastic cards (like credit cards) to charge purchases to your account and also as ID for exiting and reboarding the ship at ports.
Meals in dining rooms, buffets and poolside are included with cruise fare, and you may order more than one main course or dessert. Specialty restaurants charge extra and often get booked up, so make reservations ahead.
Water, coffee, tea, juice and milk are free. Alcohol and soda are not, except for the most upscale cruise lines. Cruises sell daily or weeklong alcohol and soft drink packages that may save you money, depending on your drinking habits.
Shows, gyms, water parks and many other facilities and activities are free. Some fitness classes are free, some are not. Spa services are extra. On a budget? Avoid the casino and gift shop.
Using cellphones at sea, if service is available, is costly. Consider putting phones in airplane mode. Most ships offer Wi-Fi packages but they're pricey, so you might wait to go online until you're at a hotspot in port.
On top of your cruise fare, cruise lines usually suggest an amount to tip the staff, or automatically add daily tips to your bill for distribution among room flight attendants, wait staff and others. Tips are automatically added to alcohol.
EXCURSIONS
Shore excursions may be booked through the cruise line, or you can go off on your own in port or hire independent tour guides. Booking through the ship guarantees you will not be left behind if your tour is delayed for some reason. If you go off on your own and return late, the ship will leave without you.
___
For more on cruising, listen to our @AP_Travel podcast "Get Outta Here!" at http://apple.co/2s2ruHY
12:30 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Tiberias high school student missing Read more Israel Police search for 16-year-old high school student who went missing in Jerusalem. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Kinja Roundup · Kinja!
io9 It Sounds Like We May Be Waiting Even Longer for Star Trek: Discovery | Kotaku Fight Square Enix's CEO In Nier: Automata's…
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- Purdue center Isaac Haas appears to be done for the season, even if Purdue's medical team or its crack engineering department can create an elbow brace that allows them to play in the NCAA tournament.
Even if the NCAA approves a protective device for Haas' fractured right elbow, coach Matt Painter said, there are still limitations and playing wouldn't be beneficial for Haas' health.
"He had the best brace you can have, and they couldn't shoot right-handed free throws with it,'' Painter said Monday. "He wants to play. But at the end of the day, you have to put people out there who can help you.''
The 7-foot-2, 290-pound Haas was injured during the second half of Friday's win over Cal State Fullerton when they crashed hard to the floor while fighting for a rebound. The next day, the Boilermakers' trainers and doctors explored options to give the Alabama native a chance to come back. They fitted them with a bulky brace, which allowed Haas to run with their teammates at practice.
But the NCAA disallowed the contraption out of safety concerns for other players.
Even if officials had allowed Haas to play with the device, Painter was concerned about their limitations -- the inability to make free throws and grab rebounds with both hands -- making them an even bigger target for opponents to challenge and foul.
"He's going to need surgery, and they're going to have to put a couple of pins in there,'' Painter said. "They say it can't get worse unless they fall, but people who cover us know they fall all the time.''
Haas did not speak with reporters Monday, and their absence in Sunday's second-round game didn't hurt Purdue (30-6), which beat Butler 76-73 to reach its second straight Sweet 16. Purdue faces Texas Tech (29-6) in Boston on Friday.
Back on campus, word trickled down to Painter that some in the school's well-regarded engineering department were seeking a solution that would allow Haas to use both hands effectively.
"I think they're working on something, a class project or something,'' Painter said. "But I really don't know.''
Painter commended Haas for staying engaged and providing leadership since suffering the injury. The big senior was Purdue's second-leading scorer at 14.7 points and No. 2 rebounder at 5.7. They also blocked 46 shots.
Matt Haarms, a 7-3 redshirt first-year student, replaced Haas in the starting lineup while 6-10 Jacquil Taylor, who had been used sparingly this season, joined the rotation.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The month of May has come to a close, as people throughout Taiwan prepare for the true summer heat to begin. But don't let the high temperatures keep you indoors, because there is plenty to keep you occupied and entertained in the first week of June.
Here is a list of events we think readers might enjoy around Taipei from June 1- June 8.
Festivals and Exhibitions
The Taipei Literature Film Festival begins on May 31 and continues until June 14. The festival will feature a variety of events and lectures on some of the most iconic performers, authors and directors of the 20 th century. In addition to an incredible list of films being screened there are also special lectures (in Chinese) planned for Saturday and Sunday.
A celebration of art, music and creativity is taking place on Saturday June 2 and Sunday June 3. The ACID EFKT Festival will take place at the Grassroots space (120草原自治區 Grassroots) on Linsen North rd. There will be live music performances, along with opportunities to learn and practice arts and crafts at various skill workshops. If you've got the creative itch and want to join an exciting social event with like minds, be sure to check out the event, which is scheduled to run from Noon until midnight both days this weekend.
The Graduate Institute of Fine Arts departments at Taipei National University of the Arts will be hosting an art exhibition from June 1 to June 10 entitle “Difference and Identity: Contemporary Cross-Cultural Encounter through Arts.” The goal is to explore identity and cross-cultural communication through art. The exhibition is being held at the Beitou Public Assembly Hall (北投公民會館). An opening reception for the event will take place from 5:30 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. on Friday June 1. Check the Event page for more information.
Food and Market Events
Both days this weekend, June 2-3 the Carousel Market group (Carousell 旋轉拍賣) is hosting one of their amazing second hand market and auction events. Vendors will bring their used items, and collections of all sorts of goodies. Guests at the event can barter or trade with vendors or join special auction activities. The event starts at 1 p.m. on Saturday on Choushan rd. near the Library of National Taiwan University.
If you are a photography buff, or just like exploring niche markets for vintage gear, then there is a must-go event for you happening in Taipei, Sunday, June 3 at the Wanjing Photo Gallery (萬鏡寫真館). A vintage photographer's market (古寫真市) event is being held near Guting MRT station that will feature a variety of vendors selling classic cameras and components, various types of film, vintage prints, as well as an array of vintage books on photography and film. If photography is your thing, this event is for you.
Music and Entertainment
If you're looking for a place to watch the NBA Finals in Taipei with other sports fans, consider joining the crowd at the Brass Monkey for live viewings of the Warriors Vs. Cavaliers. The first game is scheduled for 9 a.m. tomorrow morning, June 1.
Pet lovers are invited to the PAINT SIP art space near Taipei 101 for an afternoon to Paint Your Pet on June 3. Pet owners are encouraged to bring their pets for a relaxing social afternoon of animal fun and creativity. The event is NT$1,600 per person (or NT$1,400) if you sign up as a group and starts at 1:00 p.m.
For fans of stand-up comedy, don't miss a great opportunity to check out some local talent this Friday night. The Taiwan Whackpats of Comedy and the Royal Art Café are hosting “Comedy Night Returns,” which is sure to be one of the “funniest Friday night in Taipei, featuring Taiwan's best comedians.” The show starts at 9:30 p.m. prompt, entrance is NT$250. Check the event page for more info.
If you're looking for a relaxing Sunday night and an opportunity to make new friends, and maybe practice you Chinese of your English, then check out the Triple B Social (BBQ, Beer, and Board Games) at the Lab (众樂Lab). Food and board games will be available from Noon until 9 p.m on June 3. The organizers are planning to make the Triple B Social a regular monthly gathering. Go check it out!
National Theater and Concert Hall
Harry Potter fans, act quickly, because there are only a few seats left for the three performances of Harry Potter and the Philiosopher's Stone in Concert which is being shown Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the National Concert Hall. If you've ever wanted to experience a Harry Potter adventure accompanied with a full orchestra, now is your chance.
The Taiwanese theater group Storyworks is performing their work entitled “As you like it” (偽婚男女) a touching but comedic story about family, marriage and sexuality. The story follows two gay couples that attempt to make their family members happy by agreeing to marriage with each other's partners. There are four performances of the show this weekend June 1 – June 3 at the National Concert Hall.
Next week on Wednesday June 6, the Ukrainian National Ballet will have the first of three performances at the National Theater in Taipei. There are still tickets available for what are certain to be spectacular performances from the Kiev Ballet ensemble and the Ukrainian National Opera. Performances will also be held Thursday, June 7, and Friday, June 8. Visit the official event page for more info.
Also on June 6 is the 50th anniversary performance of Taipei Civic Symphony Orchestra. It will be held at the National Concert Hall at 6:30 p.m. Tickets range from NT$300 to NT$1000.
There are a variety of other performances happening at the National Theater and Concert Hall all the time. Check their calendar to see what else is happening.
Regular Hangouts
If you want to put your English to use and enjoy an open forum to discuss different topics and hear presentations in English, check out the iEnglish Club English Gathering every Saturday.
If you're looking for a family friendly group to practice your English or your Chinese, consider checking out events with Language Exchange Taipei. They are having a free language exchange on Sunday afternoon at Lifehouse Taipei.
The LEIT Language Exchange group regularly hosts a huge number of activities. Check their events page for friendly hangouts and language exchange opportunities. This Saturday, June 2 there is a social networking event at the EPL Steakhouse and Lounge.
(Image from Rhythm & Soul Nights FB Event Page)
Also at EPL Steak House, check out Rhythm and Soul Nights, a regular event planned for Wednesday evenings. A team of DJs will be bringing you the best sounds from the '50s, '60s, '70s, '80s and beyond, covering Motown, Stax, Northern Soul, '90s neo-soul and more. An open mic will also be available for those who want to share their own music, poetry, or spoken word performances. Check out it out on June 6. Music starts at 8:00 p.m.
For those new to Taipei, or who have been here a while but still haven't seen all the city has to offer, consider taking a walking tour with "Like it Formosa.” Tours happen regularly every week, with four different types of tours to choose from, depending on what you want to see.
And depending on your interests, check this list of meet up groups regularly to see if there is anything up your alley.
Transcript for 2 men injured in 4th bomb attack in less than 20 days: Authorities
But first, the hunt for a suspected serial bomber tonight, striking fear yet again in Austin. This time, authorities say with a trip wire bomb, the fourth bomb to go off. The first bomb, in a package left at a home. The following week, two more packages on the same day, both exploding. And this newest bomb with that trip wire on a darkened street overnight. The neighborhood on lockdown for most of this day, and tonight, the audio of this newest bomb going off just out. ABC's Marcus Moore leading us off from Austin tonight. Reporter: Tonight, more than 500 agents flooding Austin Texas, a massive manhunt intensifying. We're clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber. There was a loud explosion heard on scene. Reporter: 8:32 P.M. Sunday night, a bomb exploding. The sound captured on this surveillance video. Seriously injuring two men. The fourth attack in less than 20 days. But this device, detonated by a trip wire. With this trip wire, this changes things. It is more sophisticated. It is not targeted to individuals. Reporter: The massive blast site littered with evidence tags. One of the unsuspecting victims walking on this suburban street, tripping a nearly invisible wire connected to a device placed several feet away. That's what we need, is people paying attention for suspicious objects, bags, boxes, backpacks. Anything that looks out of place. We need to lock down a twoblock perimeter, there's a nail in the wound of one of the subjects. Reporter: Richard Harrington heard the latest blast. My first thought, that's my granddaughter, you know they could have they could have run down the street and tripped the wire. Reporter: The fear of more devices triggering a neighborhood lockdown. School buses kept away. This bomb went off hours ago, and authorities still have this neighborhood street closed. And telling residents to stay in their homes for their safety. Teams of investigators combing through the streets, searching for clues that could lead them to the bomber. David asking the police chief on "Good morning America" -- Do you have any suspects, any names, any potential people you're looking at? We have had a lot of good leads and tips. We run them to ground. At this point, we have people that we have looked at, but there's no leading suspect at this time. Reporter: Baffled authorities not ruling out any motive, including a hate crime, even though the latest victims were white. The previous plea blasts, all package bombs, killing two, those victims all minorities. Desperate for any answers, police now asking the bomber to contact them. What kind of person would do this? That's what we're trying to figure out and that's one of the reasons why we would like the bomber to reach out and talk to us. Reporter: Tonight, new Marcus, authorities pleading with the public now to check their home surveillance cameras, should they are one? Reporter: That's rirgght, David. The thinking here is that someone has video that could help police. And investigators are working to reconstruct the latest device. David? Marcus Moore tonight, thank you. We're going to turn next here to that severe weather threat at this hour. A tornado watches.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AMC
[Spoilers for The Walking Dead season eight midseason finale]
The Walking Dead fans had a sneaking, covered-in-guts suspicion about what might happen in the midseason finale, and on Sunday night, it came true.
Carl Grimes, one of the longest-tenured regulars on AMC's zombie series, revealed a walker bit them and, to paraphrase Bob Dylan, he's not dead yet but he's getting there. “It will play out as we've seen bites play out,” showrunner Scott Gimple said. “It's very important to the story and to Carl's story, and I am very focused on the fact that Carl is alive. They have some business to tend to.”
Carl's dad has some business to tend to, as well.
No, not Rick, but William Riggs, the father of 18-year-old actor Chandler Riggs, who learned what was going to happen to Carl in June (it was not their decision to be written off The Walking Dead). “It was devastating for me and my family because the show has been such a huge part of my life for so long,” Riggs said. “For a few days, we didn't know what to do.” That's a much nicer way of framing it than what their dad said on Facebook after the midseason finale.
“Watching Gimple fire my son 2 weeks before their 18th birthday after telling them they wanted them for the next 3 years was disappointing,” they wrote. “I never trusted Gimple or AMC but Chandler did. I know how much it hurt him.”
Riggs acknowledged how “lucky we have been to be a part of it all and appreciate all the love from fans all these years,” but he's still non-plussed that their son is being written off one of the biggest shows on television. On the bright side, now Chandler can join Lizzie, T-Dog, and Beth's “I Was On The Walking Dead, and All I Got Was This Death Scene” Facebook group.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
(Via Facebook)
Happy #FourthOfJuly! 🇺🇸 LED lights display an American Flag pattern on the International Space Station in the Advanced Plant Habitat, designed to record data from 180 sensors to test which growth conditions plants prefer in space. Get a closer look: https://t.co/4PNysEwvcg pic.twitter.com/KUHfr4MJ6o — NASA (@NASA) July 4, 2018
NASA found an out-of-this-world way to celebrate America's birthday: with a very patriotic-looking collection of stars."Celestial Fireworks!" NASA wrote on Twitter . "Like a #4thOfJuly2018 fireworks display, this glittering collection of stars located 20,000 light-years away from Earth looks like a red, white & blue aerial burst."The image was taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in August and December of 2009. The collection of stars can be found in the constellation Carina, according to NASA . The stars are surrounded by the materials needed to form more stars: clouds of interstellar gas and dust.Though the environment in that constellation may appear peaceful in a still image, it's actually quite turbulent."These huge stars live fast and die young, burning through their hydrogen fuel quickly and ultimately ending their lives in supernova explosions," NASA wrote.The space agency also celebrated the day with an American flag made of LED lights aboard the International Space Station.
New York (AP) — Gold futures trading on the NY Merc Monday:
(100 troy oz.; dollars per troy oz.)
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple's stock is backtracking from its recent highs amid mounting concerns that iPhone X sales will fall short of the high hopes for a device that brought facial recognition technology and a $1,000 price tag to the company's flagship product line.
Speculation about disappointing demand for the iPhone X have been swirling for the past week, contributing to a 6 percent decline in Apple's stock since it hit an all-time high of $180.10 on Jan. 18. The shares lost $3.55 to close Monday at $167.96, translating into a nearly $60 billion loss in the company's market value since the stock last peaked.
Concrete evidence of how the iPhone X is faring should emerge Thursday when Apple is scheduled to release its fiscal first-quarter earnings. The period spans from October through December, covering the early November release of the iPhone X and the holiday shopping season that typically brings Apple's biggest iPhone sales of the year.
Apple didn't respond to a request for comment Monday.
For now, many investors appear to be focusing on analyst comments and media reports that Apple is dramatically reducing its iPhone X orders with its suppliers.
J.P. Morgan analyst Narci Chang said last week that manufacturing of Apple's flagship phone could be cut in half during the first three months of this year in reaction to weakening demand. But RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani believes Apple's reported iPhone sales during the past quarter will be higher than anticipated and the projections for the current quarter won't be as lackluster as many people fear.
The iPhone X is unlike anything Apple has ever made in the product line's 10-year history. It features an OLED screen that spans from one edge of the device to the other and displays images in more vibrant colors. It also relies on technology that recognizes a user's face to unlock the device and animate emoji's.
Investors have been counting on the iPhone X to be a huge hit, despite its unprecedented starting price of $1,000.
Apple also released two other new models in September, the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus, which are similar to its 2016 models, but sell for 20 to 30 percent less than the iPhone X. Neither of those phones has the fancier display screen or facial recognition technology featured in the iPhone X.
Analysts, on average, estimate that Apple sold 79 million iPhones in the past quarter, generating revenue of $60.1 billion, according to FactSet. That translates into an average sales price of $760 per iPhone, a 10 percent increase from the same time in the previous year when Apple sold about 78 million iPhones at an average price of $694.
MIAMI (AP) -- Brian Beard Jr. hit two 3-pointers in the final three seconds to give Florida International a come-from-behind 71-68 win over Louisiana Tech in a wild finish to a Conference USA battle on Saturday night.
Beard tied the game at 68-68 on a 3-pointer with 2.7 seconds left. Jy'lan Washington turned the ball over on ensuing in-bounds play, giving FIU the ball near mid-court. Beard caught the in-bounds mass near the jump circle, dribbled twice and launched a desperation shot that connected at the buzzer for the win.
Beard, who scored 23 points to spur the Panthers 76-70 win over Southern Miss Thursday, finished with 19 points and dished 10 assists. Eric Lockett scored 15 points and Trejon Jacob added another 12 for FIU (11-13, 5-6).
Amorie Archibald got the Bulldogs even with a free throw with 1:04 left and Washington and Oliver Powell each hit two from the line to put LaTech up, 68-65 with :10 left.
Jacobi Boykins had 13 points and Archibald added another 12 to lead Louisiana Tech (14-10, 5-6).
My anglers have been landing a few slot legal redfish lately now that the waters are warming up again. Catch and release is great, but every once in a while you just have to toss one in the cooler. Besides grilling them, redfish also make really excellent ceviche. This traditional dish is delicious, good for you, and it's impossible to mess up this recipe. Give it a try.
Ingredients:
1 lb. redfish fillet
2 large vine ripe tomatoes
1 cucumber
1 green pepper
1 large onion
1 clove garlic
4 limes
1 lemon
1 8 oz.can of spicy Bloody Mary mix
Old Bay
Ground pepper
Olive Oil
Directions: Cut the redfish into thumbnail size chunks and place in a bowl. Cut the limes and lemon in half and squeeze the juice over the fish. Add two tablespoons of Old Bay and let marinate in the fridge for at least two hours.
Chop all the vegetables into similar size chunks and mince the garlic. Mix together in a large bowl with a tablespoon or two of extra virgin olive oil and can of spicy Bloody Mary mix. Add the fish and stir along with a generous amount of fresh ground pepper and serve cold. This recipe makes at least 6 bowls.
Capt. Gregg McKee
Wildfly Charters
TOKYO (AP) — A Japanese exchange has lost 58 billion yen ($530 million) in cryptocurrency because of hacking, according to Japanese media reports.
The Coincheck exchange said on its website Friday that it had halted sales and withdrawals of the currency, which is called NEM. It later added that it had restricted dealings in most other cryptocurrencies too.
At a Friday night news conference, Coincheck President Koichiro Wada bowed and apologized. They said the company may seek financial assistance, according to Kyodo News service. Japanese TV footage showed a small group of customers standing outside the company's Tokyo head office Friday night.
Coincheck, which calls itself the leading Bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange in Asia, said it detected the unauthorized access to its system about 3 a.m. Friday.
The reported loss tops the 48 billion yen that Mt. Gox, a Japan-based Bitcoin exchange, lost in 2014.
Whether it is living a lot through one of their loans or setting aside some of your hard earned money in one of their great CD's, Horizon Credit Union has you covered when it comes to your financial health this summer and Mark Drinnon is here to share with us all that Horizon has to offer.
For more please visit their website.
The federal government made waves across the country this past week as they announced that they would buy the Kinder Morgan Trans-Mountain Pipeline for a whopping $4.5-billion. Now, the Government of Alberta has come out in support of the decision.
On May 29 — just one day after the decision to buy the pipeline was announced by the Liberals — the Alberta government issued a statement supporting the decision, which has been both applauded and condemned across social media outlets.
“When Kinder-Morgan issued its deadline on April 8, the Government of Alberta committed that the deadline would be met,” Premier Rachel Notley said. “Today, we are delivering on that commitment. We are pleased to have worked with the federal government to ensure construction resumes, certainty is increased and Albertans and all Canadians enjoy the many benefits of having this project go forward.”
The Alberta government is offering support in more than just words, however, setting up a backstop reserve that can be called upon should unforeseen circumstances arise in the payment of the $4.5-billion to Kinder Morgan.
“Alberta's contribution would range from zero to a maximum of $2-billion and would be payable only upon completion of the project,” the province outlined in a statement. “If Alberta's backstop is called upon, Alberta will receive equity in the completed project.”
The province also said that federal ownership over the project would help to shield the pipeline from further political risk, such as the continuing dispute between Alberta, British Columbia and the federal government.
The acquisition of the Trans-Mountain Pipeline project is still dependent on approval by Kinder Morgan shareholders.
The Bay County Sheriff's Office has arrested four men from Atlanta after they allegedly hired local transients to cash fraudulent checks for them using stolen personal information. Three transients have also been arrested for their participation.
BCSO Criminal Investigations opened an investigation after deputies initially responded to a call from a local transient who claimed they had been robbed by two men.
Investigators now believe that four black males came from Atlanta to the Destin area on October 1, 2017, and rented two vehicles. On October 3, 2017, they came to Bay County and two of them─Johnathan Johnson and Germarco Johnson─ picked up transient Scott Allen McNeight, age 44. McNeight was recently released from prison on October 1, 2017. They first asked McNeight if they had a photo ID, which they did. The men took a photo of the ID and sent it to the two other men from Atlanta. A fraudulent check was created using McNeight's information and stolen routing numbers and checking account numbers.
The other two suspects from Atlanta─Clarence Suggs and Reginald Hughes─ picked up transient James Dean Riles, age 58, for the same purpose. The two transients were first taken to a thrift store in Springfield. The Atlanta men purchased better clothing for the transients to wear when they entered banks to cash the fraudulent checks. Once dressed, McNeight was taken to a bank on Panama City Beach and was able to cash a 1,600 check. Although the agreement was for the transients to get about $80 for their part in the scam, McNeight took half of the money and fled on foot.
Demarko Johnson and Johnathan Johnson were able to find McNeight at a gas station at Magnolia Beach Road and Thomas Drive. The two men entered the gas station after McNeight, one of them carrying a tire iron. Johnathon Johnson put McNeight in a choke hold, and they threatened McNeight with the tire iron, and took the money, their wallet, and their cell phone.
That was when McNeight called the BCSO to report the robbery. Although initially not forthcoming about the true circumstances surrounding the robbery, McNeight eventually told investigators how they got the money.
James Dean Riles, the other transient, was unable to cash their fraudulent check at the first bank, and was taken by Clarence Suggs and Reginald Hughes to a second bank where they were successful. They were paid $80 and was taken by the two men to Millville and left. Riles then called the Panama City Police Department to file a complaint about what they had done. Riles had important tag information on one of the vehicles.
Using the tag information, investigators were able to learn the two vehicles were rentals and eventually identified the four men from Atlanta. A BOLO was put out to local law enforcement on the vehicles.
One was located at a business on East Avenue and contact was made with Clarence Suggs, age 27, and Reginald Hughes, age 26. They were arrested. Suggs and Hughes were charged with Counterfeiting of an Instrument with Intent to Defraud (two counts), Principal/Accessory to Uttering a False Bank Bill (two counts), and Larceny $300 or more but less than $5000 (two counts).
A BCSO investigator spotted the second vehicle in a grocery store parking lot in Lynn Haven. They watched as a man left a bank adjacent to the parking lot, and got into the vehicle with two black males. A traffic stop was done and Johnathan Johnson, age 22, and Germarco Johnson, age 27, cousins, were arrested. Johnathan Johnson was charged with Robbery with a Weapon, Counterfeiting of an Instrument with Intent to Defraud (two counts), Principal/Accessory to Uttering a False Bank Bill (two counts), Larceny $300 or more but less than $5000 (two counts), and Violation of Probation for Financial Identity Fraud. Germarco Johnson was charged with Robbery with a Firearm, Counterfeiting of an Instrument with Intent to Defraud (two counts), Principal/Accessory to Uttering a False Bank Bill (two counts), and Larceny $300 or more but less than $5000 (two counts).
The white male with them was identified as Charles Edward Sinard, age 39, a transient. They were also arrested and charged with Uttering a False Bank Bill, Larceny $300 or more but less than $5000, and Criminal Mischief, $1000 or more.
The other two transients involved in this case, Riles and McNeight, were also arrested and charged with Uttering a False Bank Bill and Larceny $300 or more but less than $5000.
During a search warrant on the two vehicles two printers, blank checks, cash, and a computer with check-making software were located and seized.
All seven men were taken to the Bay County Jail and booked.
34 total views, 34 views today
Share Us
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Mitt Romney is running for re-election to Marriott International's board of directors, but their campaign said Monday that he'll resign from that post if elected in November to the U.S. Senate, which bars senators from serving as an officer or board member of any publicly-held company.
The Utah Senate candidate and former Republican presidential candidate is one of 14 members of Marriott's board running for another year-long term, according to the hotel chain's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
The board members will be up for re-election at the corporation's annual stockholder meeting on May 4.
The Republican, who is well-known and popular in Utah, is expected to win the race to replace retiring Sen. Orrin Hatch.
Romney's spokesperson MJ Henshaw said Monday that Romney would comply with U.S. Senate rules and resign from the Marriott board if elected in November.
Marriott spokesperson Connie Kim declined to comment.
Romney, who has longstanding ties to the Marriott family, has served on Marriott's board off-and-on since 1993.
They resigned from the board in 2002 to campaign for Massachusetts governor. They later rejoined the board in 2009 but left again in 2011 to start their campaign for U.S. president.
Romney, whose full name is Willard Mitt Romney, was named after Marriott founder J.W. Marriott, a close friend of Romney's father. Marriott's full name was John Willard Marriott.
If Romney stayed on the board, the now 71-year-old would run up next year against the company's mandatory retirement for board members at age 72.
The company's SEC filings show Romney was paid $247,299 in 2016 in cash, stocks and other compensation.
The filings were first reported by Bloomberg on Friday.
NEW YORK (AP) — More than half of the midsize SUVs tested by an insurance industry group were found to have unsafe headlights that either didn't light up the road far enough or caused glare for oncoming drivers.
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety said Tuesday that it tested 37 midsize SUVs and only two received a “good” rating: the 2017 Volvo XC60 and 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe. Twelve were rated “acceptable,” 12 others were rated “marginal” and 11 were rated “poor.” IIHS recommends buying vehicles with headlights rated “good” or “acceptable.”
“We continue to see headlights that compromise safety because they only provide a short view down the road at night,” said Matt Brumbelow, a senior research engineer at IIHS.
The 2017 Kia Sorento, which received a “poor” rating, had the worst visibility. IIHS said the Sorento shed light 148 feet down the road, compared with 315 feet for the top-rated Volvo XC60. In a statement Tuesday, Kia Motors America said that it will “carefully evaluate the results.”
Other 2017 vehicle models with “poor” ratings included the Jeep Wrangler, Dodge Journey and the Ford Edge and Explorer. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the maker of Jeep and Dodge vehicles, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Tuesday. Ford Motor Co. said it will “consider the findings” as it improves safety.
And while the Hyundai Santa Fe received a “good” rating, the sport version of the SUV received a “poor” rating. IIHS said the 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Sport uses different headlights that caused too much glare for oncoming drivers. Hyundai said Tuesday that it “closely evaluates and analyzes all testing data from organizations.”
Volkswagen and Nissan have unveiled electric cars designed for China at a Beijing auto show that highlights the growing importance of Chinese buyers for a technology seen as a key part of the global industry's future.
General Motors displayed five all-electric models Wednesday including a concept Buick SUV it says can go 600 kilometers (375 miles) on one charge. Ford and other brands showed off some of the dozens of electric SUVs, sedans and other models they say are planned for China.
Auto China 2018, the industry's biggest sales event this year, is overshadowed by mounting trade tensions between Beijing and U.S. President Donald Trump, who has threatened to hike tariffs on Chinese goods including automobiles in a dispute over technology policy.
The impact on automakers should be small, according to industry analysts, because exports amount to only a few thousand vehicles a year. Those include a GM SUV, the Envision, and Volvo Cars sedans made in China for export to the United States.
China accounted for half of last year's global electric car sales, boosted by subsidies and other prodding from communist leaders who want to make their country a center for the emerging technology.
"The Chinese market is key for the international auto industry and it is key to our success," VW CEO Herbert Diess said on Tuesday.
Volkswagen unveiled the E20X, an SUV that is the first model for SOL, an electric brand launched by the German automaker with a Chinese partner. The E20X, promising a 300-kilometer (185-mile) range on one charge, is aimed at the Chinese market's bargain-priced tiers, where demand is strongest.
GM, Ford, Daimler AG's Mercedes unit and other automakers also have announced ventures with local partners to develop models for China that deliver more range at lower prices.
On Wednesday, Nissan Motor Co. presented its Sylphy Zero Emission, which it said can go 338 kilometers (210 miles) on a charge. The Sylphy is based on Nissan's Leaf, a version of which is available in China but has sold poorly due to its relatively high price.
Automakers say they expect electrics to account for 35 to over 50 percent of their China sales by 2025.
First-quarter sales of electrics and gasoline-electric hybrids rose 154 percent over a year earlier to 143,000 units, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. That compares with sales of just under 200,000 for all of last year in the United States, the No. 2 market.
That trend has been propelled by the ruling Communist Party's support for the technology. The party is shifting the financial burden to automakers with sales quotas that take effect next year and require them to earn credits by selling electrics or buy them from competitors.
That increases pressure to transform electrics into a mainstream product that competes on price and features.
Automakers also displayed dozens of gasoline-powered models from compact sedans to luxurious SUVs. Their popularity is paying for development of electrics, which aren't expected to become profitable for most producers until sometime in the next decade.
China's total sales of SUVs, sedans and minivans reached 24.7 million units last year, compared with 17.2 million for the United States.
SUVs are the industry's cash cow. First-quarter sales rose 11.3 percent over a year earlier to 2.6 million, or almost 45 percent of total auto sales, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
On Wednesday, Ford displayed its Mondeo Energi plug-in hybrid, its first electric model for China, which went on sale in March. Plans call for Ford and its luxury unit, Lincoln, to release 15 new electrified vehicles by 2025.
GM plans to launch 10 electrics or hybrids in China from through 2020.
VW is due to launch 15 electrics and hybrids in the next two to three years as part of a 10 billion euro ($12 billion) development plan announced in November.
Nissan says it will roll out 20 electrified models in China over the next five years.
New but fast-growing Chinese auto trail global rivals in traditional gasoline technology but industry analysts say the top Chinese brands are catching up in electrics, a market with no entrenched leaders.
BYD Auto, the biggest global electric brand by number sold, debuted two hybrid SUVs and an electric concept car.
The company, which manufactures electric buses at a California factory and exports battery-powered taxis to Europe, also displayed nine other hybrid and plug-in electric models.
Chery Automobile Co. showed a lineup that included two electric sedans, an SUV and a hatchback, all promising 250 to 400 kilometers (150 to 250 miles) on a charge. They include futuristic features such as internet-linked navigation and smartphone-style dashboard displays.
"Our focus is not just an EV that runs. It is excellent performance," Chery CEO Chen Anning said in an interview ahead of the show.
Electrics are likely to play a leading role as Chery develops plans announced last year to expand to Western Europe, said Chen. They said the company has yet to decide on a timeline.
Chery was China's biggest auto exporter last year, selling 108,000 gasoline-powered vehicles abroad, though mostly in developing markets such as Russia and Egypt.
"We do have a clear intention to bring an EV product as one of our initial offerings" in Europe, Chen said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses stockpiled more goods in December and posted the biggest sales increase in nearly six years.
The Commerce Department says business inventories rose a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent in December, led by an increase in stockpiles at stores that sell food and beverages. Auto and auto parts dealers reduced inventories 0.6 percent. Furniture and appliance stores also cut back.
Companies also reported a 2 percent monthly sales increase, the best since March 2011.
Manufacturers reported that sales rose 2.2 percent in December. Retailers posted a 1.2 percent gain.
U.S. economic growth was hobbled much of last year by inventory cutbacks. But businesses rebuilt stockpiles in the October-December period, accounting for more than half of fourth-quarter economic growth.
This week marks the world premiere of Frame by Frame, The National Ballet of Canada's new full length ballet based on the life and work of innovative filmmaker Norman McLaren. While those outside of the cinephile community might not be familiar with McLaren's work, they are commonly credited with advancing film techniques including animation and pixilation in the 20th century—he died in 1987. The Canadian artist's many accolades include a 1952 Oscar for Best Documentary for their abstract short film Neighbours (watch the whole thing here). Later in life, McLaren became interested in ballet, and made a number of dance films including their renowned 1968 Pas de deux.
NBoC's new work, titled Frame by Frame, will run June 1-10 in Toronto. The ballet combines vignettes of McLaren's life with movement quotes from their films and real time recreations of their technological advances. It was created in collaboration by NBoC principal dancer and choreographic associate Guillaume Côté and film and stage director Robert Lepage, who is making their NBoC debut. Pointe touched base with Côté on how this interdisciplinary project came together.
Where did the initial spark for this idea come from?
Robert and I have been wanting to work together for years. I approached them about doing a different project a long time ago, and they said "well, maybe that's not the correct project." They came to me about four years after that and said "I think I finally have something I'd like to work on with you," so then I approached the National Ballet.
Were you familiar with McLaren's work before this project?
I wasn't. Robert had just worked on a big McLaren documentary, and they got me to come see it and I realized that it was all about movement, and that this animator was basically a choreographer himself, a choreographer of space and time. There was all this material to work with and he'd made a number of iconic dance films, so it seemed like a no brainer. So I started my research and kept finding out more surprising fun facts about McLaren's passion for dance, like that they met Guy Glover, the man that they were in a relationship with for 50 years or so, in the audience at Covent Garden while watching a ballet. Guy was a curator of a dance festival in Canada.
Robert Lepage and Guillaume Côté in rehearsal for "Frame By Frame." Photo by Elias Djemil-Matassov, Courtesy NBoC.
What was the research process like?
Robert had just finished their documentary and has a really deep understanding of this kind of Canadian culture. He'd already gotten incredible footage from the National Film Board of Canada of McLaren behind-the-scenes. I watched a tremendous amount of film, and I read a lot about them and their collaborators, and even met a few who are still alive. The research was truly enriching, because I realized how wonderful of a person they were as well, which dictates how we share their personal life onstage.
What was the timeline of the project?
We had our first workshop four years ago. Since then we've been doing five-day workshops once a year in Robert's studio, Ex Machina, where they have a multi media team. They would put together projections and props for us to experiment with. Robert would give me some homework, and I'd take it on myself to create some impressionist sections. Sometimes we decided that they were great, and sometimes we decided that they weren't. It was this really collaborative way of getting things started because I was able to present dance first, and then we were able to add technology to it, as opposed to the technology taking over and stealing from the dance.
Artists of the Ballet in rehearsal for "Frame by Frame." Photo by David Leclerc, Courtesy NBoC.
How does the piece balance a narrative retelling of McLaren's life with reproductions of theirs works?
I would say that the vignettes of their life are one third, and then the technologies that they pioneered and making abstract dance interpretations based on those technologies like stop motion or body painting and body projection are the second third. And then the last third is basically just direct quotes from their films and bringing them back to life. Like with Pas de deux, the effects in that film took them months to make, but now thanks to technology we can duplicate it live. It's not a story ballet per say, but there is a story from beginning to end.
What was the process like of taking movement quotes from McLaren's films?
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- As South Korea's defense ministry strives to complete the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system by the end of this year, Hong Kong media reports that the US military also plans to sell the system to Taiwan to jointly establish an East Asian "mini-NATO" anti-missile network with Japan and South Korea.
The Hong Kong-based magazine Asia Week (亞洲週刊) published an article written by formerTaiwanese naval commander Lu Li-shih (呂禮詩) titled, "U.S. Military Rumored to be Planning to Deploy THAAD System in Taiwan," asserting that in order to counter the ballistic missiles positioned in southern China aimed at Guam, Taiwan would be an ideal location to set up a THAAD system to intercept the Chinese missiles while still in the boost phase in the airspace over Hsinchu, Miaoli, Taichung, and Nantou counties.
According to Wendell Minnick from the US-based military news website Shephard, Taiwan intends to procure 150 F-35A conventional fighters and 60 short take-off/vertical landing F-35B stealth fighters to replace its aging Mirage 2000s, and Indigenous Defense Fighters (IDF) fighters, and F-5 Tigers. But the US may use a shortfall in the number of F-35 fighters delivered as an excuse to recommend Taiwan buy the THAAD system.
The Asia Week article also speculated now that Japan and South Korea both appear to be receiving the THAAD system, the U.S. may be eyeing Taiwan next. In July of last year, South Korea agreed to the deployment of THAAD, while in August last year, the Japanese Ministry of Defense also launched a study into adopting the system. The article also mentioned in the future, the Army Navy/Transportable Radar Surveillance (AN/TPY-2) system built by U.S. defense contractor Raytheon may be deployed in Japan and South Korea along Beijing's so-called "first island chain" line of defense, and it is possible that the radar system could be positioned in Taiwan as well.
Captain Morgan
Every college party needs to invite a girl who asks if they can bring a plus one only to show up with a bottle of Captain Morgan that they clutch to their chest between swigs for the remainder of the evening, pausing only to ask people if they have met them boyfriend.
“He's a captain,” they declare in glee before dissolving into a fit of drunken giggles. I know that girl. I like that girl. That girl is fun, and they are also one part of the target audience for Captain Morgan's ridiculous holiday offering.
No. It's not a Christmas themed bottle. It's a four-and-a-half-foot lamp that is half a Captain and half a Christmas Story's iconic lamp. Oh, yeah. You heard us.
Captain Morgan's “Leg Up Lamp” features the sculpted legs of the Captain in their famous pose as the base and a red shade with gold fringe. Also, it's a whopping 40 pounds, so your wife (or husband, we're a progressive bunch here) won't knock it over while dusting or in a passive aggressive fit of pique. And, so help me, if you don't get it in a box that is stamped “fragile,” you should get a refund.
If you are jonesing for the lamp because you are a pirate historian or a drunk or a fan of tacky, tacky things, you can purchase it from the Captain Morgan online store for $499. But, only five of them will be released, so you need to be ready to spring into action when the lamp sales go live on Wednesday, December 13.
The only thing that girl at the party might like more than this lamp is a Captain Morgan onesie to wear to parties or like a Captain Morgan sex toy. Damn this job for making me research pirate vibrators in order to see if that's a thing. Yes. It is. One of them appears to have a kraken feature.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
After another week of guest hosts due to their infant son undergoing a second heart surgery, Jimmy Kimmel returned to their show full of emotions. They also returned with another health care mission aimed at members of Congress. While fighting back tears, Kimmel shares the good news about their son and the bad news about CHIP.
Kimmel points out how the Children's Health Insurance Program has always been a bipartisan idea with support until this year. It became a bargaining chip as Kimmel puts it, taking a backseat thanks to the controversial tax plan the Senate passed. Orrin Hatch, the co-creator of CHIP alongside Ted Kennedy, faced criticism for an out of context quote on CHIP and assertion that “we don't have any money anymore” to fund it. This came right before the tax bill that will add $1.7 trillion to the deficit passed, raising a few eyebrows.
As NBC adds, “CHIP pays for health care for more than 9 million kids across the country” and still hasn't found secure funding for 2018 in Congress. Proposed funding takes CHIP from $16 billion to $12 billion and stop-gap funding through December 22nd doesn't help states running out of money.
BOSTON — Red Sox manager Alex Cora doesn't think about their team's torrid start.
They wonder how much better it can be.
"We're good right now, don't get me wrong," Cora said after Boston beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8-3 on Tuesday night for its major league-leading 38th victory. "But we feel there's room to improve. It's fun right now, but I can't wait."
Sandy Leon hit a home run and two doubles, Xander Bogaerts also homered and Rick Porcello took a three-hitter into the seventh inning, helping the Red Sox match the second-best start in franchise history.
J.D. Martinez also had two of Boston's six doubles as the Red Sox (38-17) won for the eighth time in 10 games. Only the 1946 Boston team that started 42-13 with Ted Williams and Bobby Doerr returning from World War II had a better start through 55 games.
Every batter in the Red Sox lineup had one hit by the sixth inning.
"That tells you right there everybody's contributing," said first baseman Mitch Moreland, who doubled in the first to make it 2-0. "It's always nice to scratch it and put up a crooked number early. It helps (the pitcher) settle down."
Porcello (7-2) allowed three runs, two earned, and five hits in 6 2/3 innings. Toronto loaded the bases against Hector Velazquez in the ninth, but Craig Kimbrel got two outs for their 17th save.
Marco Estrada (2-6) allowed four runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings, dropping their fifth straight decision since April 26. Justin Smoak homered for Toronto, which has lost 12 of its last 16 games.
The Blue Jays cut a 5-1 deficit in half in the seventh on a rally that started when Russell Martin was hit by a pitch with one out. With the bases loaded, Porcello fanned Luke Maile for the second out.
Curtis Granderson hit a hard grounder past a diving Moreland, but second baseman Dustin Pedroia slid to field it in shallow right. They threw to Porcello covering first, but the ball went off their glove for an error and rolled off the fence in front of the Boston dugout, allowing Morales to score and make it 5-3.
Story Continues
"I've got to catch that ball," Porcello said. "Pedey made a hell of a play."
Joe Kelly relieved Porcello and struck out Kevin Pillar on three pitches to end the inning.
Bogaerts homered over the Green Monster in the seventh, a solo shot, and Leon hit a two-run shot in the eighth to make it 8-3.
"They've got a good offence . They keep coming at you," Blue Jays manager John Gibbons said. "We made a run late, had the bases loaded and they shut us down."
ON THE BOARD
Pedroia got their first hit of the season in the sixth inning, a single to right. First base coach Tom Goodwin gave them a pat on the batting helmet, their teammates applauded in the dugout and the Fenway Park crowd gave them a big cheer.
The 2008 AL MVP started the season on the disabled list while they recovered from October knee surgery. They made their 2018 debut on Saturday and was 0 for 7 with two walks and a run in their first two games.
BRUSHBACKS
Martin was hit in the shoulder one pitch after calling time late in Porcello's set with one out and nobody on in the seventh. The Blue Jays utility man stared menacingly at the mound, and home plate umpire Vic Carapazza and Leon moved between them and the pitcher, but Porcello just shrugged.
Martin took their base without further incident. But in the eighth, Kelly hit Teoscar Hernandez. And when Danny Barnes plunked Brock Holt to lead off the bottom half, there were warnings issued for both dugouts.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson was out of the lineup one day after leaving the game with right calf soreness. Gibbons said they were hoping to have Donaldson back on Friday after Thursday's off day. ... SS Aledmys Diaz made a rehab appearance with Double-A New Hampshire as they try to recover from the left ankle sprain that has kept them out since May 6.
Red Sox: OF Mookie Betts, who is leading the majors in batting average, OPS and runs, got a third straight day off with tightness in their left side.  They are expected to take Wednesday off, too.
UP NEXT
Blue Jays: RHP Sam Gaviglio (2-0, 2.30 ERA) starts Wednesday's series finale against Boston.
Red Sox: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (5-1, 4.02 ERA) will face the Blue Jays in the 1:05 p.m. start.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Jimmy Golen, The Associated Press
January 2 – The state of Illinois should know soon if Chronic Wasting Disease is spreading in its deer population.
Hunters wrapped up a special Chronic Wasting Disease hunting window this past weekend, and archery season carries over till Jan. 15. After that, the state hopes to know just how far Chronic Wasting has spread.
The disease is 100 percent fatal for deer.
Douglas Dufford, with the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, said it cost the state just over $1 million to track the disease in 2016.
However, since Illinois has some of the best deer-hunting territory in the country, Dufford believes it's an investment worth making.
“We view it as a million dollars — a million and a half dollars — spent to protect a billion-dollar resource,” they said. “Right now, the funding seems adequate for what we can do and have been doing.”
DNR has found Chronic Wasting Disease in 16 of Illinois' 102 counties. Most of the cases are contained in northern Illinois, near the Wisconsin border, but Chronic Wasting has been confirmed as far south as Livingston and Kankakee.
According to Dufford, the state wants to stop the disease before it hits the rich hunting grounds in western and southern Illinois.
Source: IRN News
New York (AP) — Gold futures trading on the NY Merc Wednesday:
(100 troy oz.; dollars per troy oz.)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
___
AP writer David Crary in New York contributed to this report.
Getty Image
The (d)evolution of LeBron James‘ hairline has the been the source of endless memes over the years, with amateur social media sleuths carefully chronicling their ongoing efforts to conceal its aggressive recession via strategic headband placement. For one brief shining moment, said headband even had its own glorious Twitter account.
Fortunately for LeBron, he's developed a healthy sense of humor about it over the years. They decided to shave it all off after the Cavs lost in the Finals last spring, raising concerns over whether they might be in the throes of a Britney-Spears-like public meltdown, but they later assured us that wasn't the case.
In fact, it seems like he's feeling pretty good about things, especially since reuniting with their old pal Dwyane Wade, whose own recent hairstyle upgrade has garnered them some attention lately. At the gym on Friday, LeBron took to Instagram to joke about being jealous of Father Prime's comparatively luxurious coif.
The Nigerian Army says it has recovered one AK47 assault rifle and uniforms belonging to DSP Mohammed Alkali and their police orderly allegedly beheaded by cultists.
The police officers were killed by suspected cultist at Omoku, Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area of Rivers during the December the 10th re-run legislative elections.
Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim, the General Officer Commanding (GOC), 6 Division, Port Harcourt, disclosed this to newsmen in Port Harcourt on Sunday.
They said that troops from the Division recovered the items during a raid on four militant camps and cultist's hideouts in Ujju community near Omoku.
Different types of arms and ammunition stashed away by bandits were found in the area.
Nigerian Army recovers AK47 assault riffle, others belonging to slain DSP Alkali
The Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a free speech fight over California's attempt to regulate anti-abortion crisis pregnancy centers.
The case being argued Tuesday involves information required by a state law that the centers must provide clients about the availability of contraception, abortion and pre-natal care, at little or no cost. Centers that are unlicensed also must post a sign that says so.
The centers say that they are being forced to deliver a message with which they disagree because their aim is to steer women away from abortion.
California and abortions rights group that backed the law say its goal is to provide accurate information about the range of options facing a pregnant woman.
The outcome also could affect laws in other states that seek to regulate doctors' speech.
In Louisiana, Texas and Wisconsin, doctors must display a sonogram and describe the fetus to most pregnant women considering an abortion, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which supports abortion rights. Similar laws have been blocked in Kentucky, North Carolina and Oklahoma.
Doctors' speech has also been an issue in non-abortion cases. A federal appeals court struck down parts of a 2011 Florida law that sought to prohibit doctors from talking about gun safety with their patients. Under the law, doctors faced fines and the possible loss of their medical licenses for discussing guns with patients.
In another lawsuit over regulating crisis pregnancy centers, a federal appeals court in New York struck down parts of a New York City ordinance, although it upheld the requirement for unlicensed centers to say that they lack a license.
The abortion-rights group NARAL Pro-Choice California was a prime sponsor of the California law. NARAL contends that the centers mislead women about their options and try to pressure them to forgo abortion. Estimates of the number of crisis pregnancy centers in the U.S. run from 2,500 to more than 4,000, compared with fewer than 1,500 abortion providers, women's rights groups said in a Supreme Court filing.
California's law was challenged by the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates, an organization with ties to 1,500 pregnancy centers nationwide and 140 in California.
Korean beauty products -- otherwise known as K-Beauty -- have taken the internet by storm, popping up on social media posts by celebrities.
These viral products and regimen are not only limited to celebrities and beauty bloggers. The latest Korean craze has lined up beauty aisles of big stores like Walmart and Target – a slice of the estimated $7.1 billion K-Beauty market in 2016.
"Nightline" traveled to the source of some of the more exotic ingredients in South Korea to understand the reason behind the popularity of these products.
ABC News
Thirty miles outside Seoul, the fortune of Farmer Lee's donkey farm turned around when the animal's milk became an important source of a core K-Beauty ingredient – milk.
Historically, donkeys were the preferred means of transport for Korean aristocrats because of their slow pace, but today the entire farm is dedicated to producing milk that ends up in beauty products.
On this particular farm, donkeys are milked manually after which the milk is immediately frozen. Rumor has it that the milk has so many benefits that even Cleopatra bathed in it.
And, donkeys are not alone.
ABC News
Snails, which were traditionally used as food, have also made a comeback with Korean beauty companies using snail mucus as an ingredient in some of their most popular products.
Yongho Kim owns a farm with around 300,000 snails whose mucus is extracted very carefully.
“For two to three days, you don't feed the snail and you clean it - you can't have any waste,” Yongho Kim told “Nightline.” “And then you gently tickle the snail. Then the snail gets mad and it creates mucin.”
Once collected, the ingredients are taken to the laboratory to be made into products.
“Donkey's milk has much more protein than cow's milk, and it is known for its properties for immunity,” a chemist for the Korean beauty company Soo Ae explained to “Nightline.” “Snail mucin is also a very sticky mucus, so it helps create a barrier on your skin to prevent your skin from drying out.”
ABC News
Some skeptics believe that the craze isn't about the purported benefits of Korean beauty products - rather, it's a successful concerted marketing effort by the Korean government to advertise their products cool and desirable.
"The Korean cool concept started out kind of on a lark but it became a government priority and government necessity after the Asian financial crisis," Euny Hong, author of "The Birth of Korean Cool," told "Nightline."
According to Hong, the South Korean government realized after the Asian financial crisis in 1997 that by depending on just a few mega-conglomerates like Samsung for the GDP, they were leaving themselves at risk for major economic crises.
"If one big company defaults in Korea, everyone is kind of in trouble," Hong said. "And they realized we need other industries. We can't just have these heavy industries, we can't just do semiconductors."
The South Korean government's solution? Investing into pop culture as a major focus in economic diversification.
“One of the ideas floated was, why don't we focus on popular culture because you don't need a big infrastructure to enter this business? You don't have to build factories, you just need time and talent,” Hong said.
That sparked a national effort by the South Korean government to export culture as an attractive selling point to an outside audience.
"They financed the translation of all the dramas at the beginning, and even now they pay for translation into all sorts of obscure languages," said Hong.
The investment has paid off in not just popularizing Korean dramas, K-Pop, a South Korean music genre and K-Beauty, but in also creating symbiotic relationships between them.
ABC News
According to Hong, K-Pop stars have frequently become brand ambassadors for K-beauty products, which in turn reap benefits for the farmers producing the raw materials in South Korea and beauty companies like Soo Ae, which ships around 10 million face masks a day around the world.
The beauty industry has been a form of high interest to South Koreans. According to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons, about one in five South Korean women undergo plastic surgery. With the streets of Seoul lined with hundreds of clinics, the country has emerged as one of the world's foremost beauty destinations, attracting people from around the globe all flocking to get procedures done.
Whether it's pure marketing or the lure of exotic ingredients, people are cashing in, as the K-beauty industry has more than doubled in size between 2014 and 2016 - all contributing to the legend of K-Beauty and its benefits.
Watch the full story on "Nightline" TONIGHT at 12:35 a.m. ET.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Automaker Daimler says it has fired an executive who represented it at an industry-backed organization that commissioned diesel exhaust tests involving monkeys.
A statement from Daimler AG on Wednesday did not identify by name the executive, citing privacy concerns. It said the executive sat on the top management board of the now-dissolved EUGT entity.
Volkswagen on Tuesday suspended its head of external relations, who said they knew about the experiments but did not inform the company's then-CEO, Martin Winterkorn.
The tests carried about by a lab in New Mexico involved exposing monkeys to diluted exhaust gases from a Volkswagen diesel in an attempt to measure the success of diesel technology in lowering harmful emissions. The New York Times has reported the car was rigged to lower emissions during testing.
KAZAN, Russia (AP) — Four years after Brazil's humiliation at its home World Cup, Thiago Silva is back to their best in Russia, a country where their then-burgeoning career was almost tragically cut short years ago.
The 33-year-old Brazil center back — who is nicknamed "O Monstro" for their exceptional physical abilities — is probably playing in their final World Cup, and they have been enjoying a perfect tournament so far.
While forward Neymar attracted negative comments for their antics on the field, Silva has been irreproachable. The captain arguably has been the best center back of the tournament, alongside Uruguay captain Diego Godin.
Like Uruguay, Brazil has conceded only one goal in Russia so far, from a set piece in its opening 1-1 draw with Switzerland . And the Selecao's rivals have managed only five shots on target in their four matches against the five-time champions.
Silva has been playing a key role in helping Brazil achieve those impressive statistics, anchoring the defense with authority and class. During the 2-0 win against Mexico that guaranteed Brazil advanced to the quarterfinals for the seventh consecutive time, Silva was decisive both in the air and on the ground, blocked several shots and made two clearances.
"It's a huge joy to be doing an excellent cup and to be growing with every game," Silva said. "I'm happy about my performance, and the performance of the team."
Happiness and joy have been hard to come by during some stretches of Silva's career.
The native of Rio de Janeiro went through hard times after Brazil's 7-1 loss to Germany at the last World Cup. Silva did not play in that game because they were suspended, but they were harshly criticized and branded a cry baby for their emotional outbursts as they were pictured in tears before a penalty shootout against Chile in the round of 16.
After the tournament, they were stripped of the team's captaincy by new coach Dunga, then left off the regular roster after the 2015 Copa America. They returned from exile in September 2016 for World Cup qualifiers after being called up by Dunga's successor, Tite.
Those professional ups and downs are nothing compared to the ordeal Silva went through back in 2005, when they spent about six months in a Moscow hospital after they contracted tuberculosis. Regarded at the time as one of the world's most promising defenders, Silva had been sent on loan from Porto to Dynamo Moscow alongside several teammates.
"It was probably the worst episode of my life," Silva said.
It was during a training camp in Portugal that doctor Yuri Vassilkov, who had traveled along with the team, noticed that Silva had a persistent cough.
"He had temperature and we thought it was a simple cold," Vassilkov said in an interview with L'Equipe newspaper this week. "I gave them some medication but they did not improve. I was a bit worried and I sent them for exams at the British hospital in Lisbon. The diagnosis was terrible: tuberculosis. It was a shock."
Vassilkov believes that the diagnosis was so late that Silva was weeks away from dying.
Silva was brought back to Moscow, where they were hospitalized in a center specializing in tuberculosis treatment. At the time, Silva did not speak English or Russian and went through a bout of depression.
"The cold, the lack of natural light, the fact that I could not speak to anybody ... All this was very difficult to handle," Silva remembered in an interview with Belgian Sport/Foot magazine.
After Russian doctors at one point considered removing part of their lungs, Silva survived and fully recovered. They never played a game for Dynamo, and these painful events are just bad memories now.
"That would have ended my career. I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
___
Associated Press writer Luis Andres Henao in Samara contributed to this report.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
The Globes saw the mockery and blowback for this decision and went ahead and did it anyway. And that's not the only weird nomination in this category. Greta Gerwig's autobiographical funny-but-not-really-a-comedy Lady Bird, is one of its rivals, as is I, Tonya, the Tonya Harding biopic that features, among other things, a montage of Harding (Margot Robbie) getting violently abused by their husband. Meanwhile, Kumail Nanjiani's critically acclaimed surprise box-office success The Big Sick was completely shut out.
Getty Image
Meek Mill is free today, according to Fox 29 Philly, thanks to an order from the Philadelphia Supreme Court. According to Fox 29's report, the PA Supreme Court ordered the lower court to immediately grant bail to Meek, who was being held after being sentenced to 2-to-4 years in prison for violating their parole late last year. He's currently awaiting re-trial after many suspicious details of their original case were revealed over the course of their legal battle.
#Breaking: @SupremeCtofPA rules lower court must immediately issue an order releasing @MeekMill on unsecured bail. Bail conditions to be same as before. Stay with @FOX29philly for updates. pic.twitter.com/HzAJen5pCt — FOX 29 (@FOX29philly) April 24, 2018
The “Order Granting Application for Bail” appeared in a docket for the state's top court, reading, “The Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County is DIRECTED to immediately issue an order releasing Petitioner on unsecured bail.” The bail conditions are ordered to be identical to those of their original probation “prior to August 1, 2017.” Michael Rubin, co-owner of the Philadelphia 76ers exuberantly posted to their Instagram just moments ago that they are “on the way back to pick them up as we speak” after visiting them with comedian Kevin Hart.
Meek's status has been in doubt for months, but the outlook was positive after it was revealed that the original arresting officer of Meek's first case over ten years ago was on a District Attorney's office “do not call” list due to suspected corruption. In fact, three men were recently released as a result of the officer's suspect testimony being invalidated, calling into question Meek's continued incarceration.
Meek Mill, whose real name is Robert Rahmeek Williams, has been battling the Philadelphia court system since they were 19 years old. He'll be 31 in two weeks. Their feelings on their freedom? Read them below.
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
LONDON (AP) — Ireland's voters will decide in late May on whether to lift a constitutional ban on most abortions, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said Monday.
Varadkar spoke after a special meeting of the Cabinet to agree on details of a referendum on the eighth amendment to Ireland's constitution.
Varadkar says voters will be asked whether they want to retain the amendment, or repeal it and hand responsibility for legislating on abortion to parliament.
The 1983 amendment commits authorities to defend equally the right to life of a mother and an unborn child, giving this largely Roman Catholic nation the strictest abortion restrictions in Europe. Abortion is legal only in rare cases when a woman's life is in danger.
Several thousand Irish women travel each year for abortions in neighboring Britain.
Varadkar, who leads the center-right Fine Gael party, said they will campaign to ease the abortion ban. They said the government would prepare draft legislation allowing for unrestricted abortion up to 12 weeks of pregnancy. It will only be introduced in parliament if the eighth amendment is repealed.
"For my part I will advocate a yes vote," said Varadkar, who has previously described themselves as pro-life. "My own views have evolved over time. Life experience does that."
Varadkar said they realized that "this will be a difficult decision for the Irish people to make."
"It is a matter for people to make their own decision based on the evidence they hear, compassion and empathy and I want the debate to be respectful on all sides and it should never be personalized," they said.
Unsealed search warrants in the death investigation of singer Prince revealed today that they were prescribed oxycodone under a friend's name, Kirk Johnson, for privacy purposes.
The search warrants, which were unsealed today and date back to last spring and summer, were carried out by police after Prince's death almost a year ago on April 21, 2016. Weeks later, the Midwest Medical Examiner's Office in Minnesota stated following an autopsy that the singer died from an accidental fentanyl overdose, which they "self-administered."
The newly unsealed documents state that Prince's famed Paisley Park home and studios, where they were discovered unresponsive, were searched, along with cellphone records and emails of the artist and their team, to determine where they got the fentanyl that resulted in their death, among other drugs they were taking at the time.
Though the warrants don't reveal the origin of the fentanyl, the new documents name Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg as a prescriber of oxycodone for Prince and add that those scripts were in Johnson's name, not the artist themselves for "privacy" reasons. Schulenberg has been named in previous warrants and was present when Prince's body was discovered at Paisley Park. They told police that they met with the artist twice in the weeks before their death.
Another revelation coming out of the new paperwork is the sheer amount of opioids Prince was taking at the time of their death.
“There was a sizable amount of narcotic medications located inside Paisley Park,” one document stated. “Many of those areas where the pills were located would be places Prince would frequent, such as their bedroom and wardrobe/laundry room.”
The pills were stored, not in typical prescription bottles, but in “various other containers such as vitamin bottles,” the documents state.
Police interviews with the singer's associates also showed that Prince had a history of going through withdrawals.
ABC News' request for comment from Schulenberg was not immediately returned.
Last week, ABC News spoke to the Carver County Sheriff's Office, which said the investigation is still "open and active" into the artist's death.
Multiple victims were reportedly shot overnight in San Jose at Vista Glen Drive and Vista Glen Court."We heard gunshots when we were watching TV. We thought they were fireworks at first, and so we went to my mom's room and we looked outside and we heard people screaming," said Juan, neighbor.Juan said several people have been coming Vista Glen Drive within the past week for what appears to be a vigil; a few candles are lit at that location.Neighbors heard a car speeding away after hearing the shots.
Transcript for Best friends share 1st day of school dress across generations
I a a.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
North Korea has recalled top ambassadors for an emergency meeting amid tensions with the US, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported.
According to the report, the envoys include those to China, the UN, and Russia.
CLEVELAND (AP) — The centuries-old process of releasing defendants on bail, long the province of judicial discretion, is getting a major assist ... courtesy of artificial intelligence.
In late August, Hercules Shepherd Jr. walked up to the stand in a Cleveland courtroom, dressed in an orange jumpsuit. Two nights earlier, an officer had arrested them at a traffic stop with a small bag of cocaine, and they were about to be arraigned.
Not long ago, the presiding judge would have decided Shepherd's near-term future based on a reading of court files and their own intuition. But in Cleveland and a growing number of other local and state courts, judges are now guided by computer algorithms before ruling whether criminal defendants can return to everyday life, or have to stay locked up awaiting trial.
Cash bail, which is designed to ensure that people charged of crimes turn up for trial, has been part of the U.S. court system for centuries. But it has drawn fire in recent years for keeping poorer defendants in jail while letting the wealthier go free. Studies have also shown it widens racial disparities in pretrial incarceration.
A bipartisan bail reform movement has found an alternative to cash bail: AI algorithms that can scour through large sets of courthouse data to search for associations and predict which people most likely to flee or commit another crime.
Experts say the use of these risk assessments may be the biggest shift in courtroom decision-making since American judges began accepting social science and other expert evidence more than a century ago. Christopher Griffin, a research director at Harvard Law School's Access to Justice Lab, calls the new digital tools "the next step in that revolution."
Critics, however, worry that such algorithms could end up supplanting judges' own judgment, and might even perpetuate biases in ostensibly neutral form.
States such as New Jersey, Arizona, Kentucky and Alaska have adopted these tools. Defendants who receive low scores are recommended for release under court supervision.
Among other things, such algorithms aim to reduce biased rulings that could be influenced by a defendant's race, gender or clothing — or maybe just how cranky a judge might be feeling after missing breakfast.
The AI system used in New Jersey, developed by the Houston-based Laura and John Arnold Foundation, uses nine risk factors to evaluate a defendant, including age and past criminal convictions. But it excludes race, gender, employment history and where a person lives.
It also excludes a history of arrests, which can stack up against people more likely to encounter police — even if they're not found to have done anything wrong.
Other efforts to automate judicial decisions have come under fire — in particular, a proprietary commercial system called Compas that's been used to help determine prison sentences for convicted criminals. An investigative report by ProPublica found that Compas was falsely flagging black defendants as likely future criminals almost twice as frequently as white defendants.
Other experts have questioned those findings, and the U.S. Supreme Court last year declined to take up a case of a Wisconsin man who argued the use of gender as a factor in the Compas assessment violated their rights.
Arnold notes that its algorithm is straightforward and open to inspection by anyone — although the underlying data it relies on is not.
Advocates of the AI approach argue that the people in robes are still in charge. "This is not something where you put in a ticket, push a button and it tells you what bail to give somebody," said Judge Ronald Adrine, who presides over the Cleveland Municipal Court. The algorithmic score is just one of several factors for judges to consider, they say.
But others worry the algorithms will make judging more rote over time. Research has shown that people tend to follow specific advisory guidelines in lieu of their own judgment, said Bernard Harcourt, a law and political science professor at Columbia.
"It's naive to think people are simply going to not rely on them," they said.
Those issues played out before Judge Jimmy Jackson Jr. in that Cleveland courtroom last summer. Before their arrest on Aug. 29, Hercules Shepherd had no criminal record.
College coaches were pursuing the star high school basketball player; recruitment would mean a big scholarship that could help Shepherd realize their dreams of becoming an engineer. But by sitting in jail, Shepherd was missing two days of classes. Missing two more could get them kicked out of school.
The judge looked down at a computer-generated score on the 18-year-old's case file. Two out of six for likelihood of committing another crime. One out of six for likelihood of skipping court. The scores marked Shepherd as a prime candidate for pretrial release with low bail.
"Mr. Shepherd? I'm giving you personal bond," Jackson said. "Your opportunity to turn that around starts right now." (Jackson subsequently lost an election in November and is no longer a judge; their winning opponent, however, also supports use of the pretrial algorithm.)
Smiling, Shepherd walked out of the courtroom. That night, they were led out of the Cuyahoga County Jail; the next day, they were in class. Shepherd says they wouldn't have been able to afford bail. If they aren't arrested again within a year, their record will be wiped clean.
__
O'Brien reported from Paterson, New Jersey.
Global Forecast as of 12:00 GMT Wednesday, July 4, 2018
_____
City/Town, Country;Wednesday's Weather Condition;Wednesday's High Temp (F);Wednesday's Low Temp (F);Thursday's Weather Condition;Thursday's High Temp (F);Thursday's Low Temp (F);Thursday's Wind Direction;Thursday's Wind Speed (MPH);Thursday's Humidity (%);Thursday's Chance of Precip. (%);Thursday's UV Index
Abidjan, Ivory Coast;A t-storm in spots;83;75;Inc. clouds;84;75;SW;6;80%;66%;9
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;Partly sunny and hot;112;90;Sunny and very hot;114;94;N;6;31%;0%;13
Aleppo, Syria;Sunny, breezy, warm;100;72;Sunny and breezy;98;71;W;17;35%;0%;11
Algiers, Algeria;Mostly sunny, humid;81;67;Sunny and pleasant;81;65;E;10;46%;0%;11
Amsterdam, Netherlands;Partly sunny, nice;75;57;Periods of sun, nice;73;59;NNW;8;66%;18%;8
Anchorage, United States;Partly sunny;72;56;A shower in the p.m.;71;56;SSW;5;70%;80%;2
Ashgabat, Turkmenistan;Sunny and very warm;105;76;Sunny and very warm;102;78;SSW;6;15%;0%;11
Astana, Kazakhstan;Sunlit and pleasant;74;52;Mostly sunny;83;59;ESE;7;43%;0%;8
Asuncion, Paraguay;Cloudy and warmer;72;57;Sunny and warmer;81;61;ENE;5;69%;5%;4
Athens, Greece;Plenty of sun;95;74;Plenty of sun;95;72;SSW;7;43%;0%;11
Auckland, New Zealand;Mostly sunny;58;48;Becoming cloudy;56;42;NE;4;66%;5%;2
Baghdad, Iraq;Sunny, breezy, hot;118;88;Sunny and hot;117;86;NW;14;15%;0%;12
Banda Aceh, Indonesia;Partly sunny;94;74;Mostly cloudy;94;74;SSW;7;56%;44%;11
Bangalore, India;Cloudy;83;69;Cloudy;84;69;W;12;63%;40%;6
Bangkok, Thailand;A stray p.m. t-storm;92;81;A p.m. t-storm;91;82;WSW;9;69%;74%;8
Barcelona, Spain;Mostly sunny;83;72;Plenty of sunshine;80;72;SSE;12;67%;30%;10
Beijing, China;Partly sunny and hot;97;77;Very hot;99;75;E;5;43%;55%;7
Belgrade, Serbia;Clouds and sun;84;62;Partly sunny;87;64;SSE;4;54%;10%;10
Berlin, Germany;Mostly sunny, warm;87;61;A t-storm in spots;85;58;N;7;40%;50%;7
Bogota, Colombia;Mostly cloudy;64;47;Cloudy;63;47;SE;8;74%;44%;7
Brasilia, Brazil;Sunny and beautiful;80;48;Sunny and pleasant;78;44;E;9;40%;0%;6
Bratislava, Slovakia;Partly sunny;86;63;A thunderstorm;87;66;E;5;51%;71%;9
Brussels, Belgium;Some sun, a t-storm;83;59;Sun and clouds;80;56;N;5;54%;13%;8
Bucharest, Romania;Mostly sunny;87;65;Partly sunny;81;62;ENE;6;64%;30%;10
Budapest, Hungary;Clouds and sun;84;61;A thunderstorm;87;63;SSW;6;47%;71%;9
Buenos Aires, Argentina;Mostly cloudy, cool;50;45;Cloudy;54;47;ENE;9;66%;6%;1
Bujumbura, Burundi;Clouds and sun, nice;82;60;Mostly sunny, nice;81;59;NNW;5;32%;7%;9
Busan, South Korea;Partly sunny, nice;82;73;A shower or t-storm;80;71;NE;9;75%;80%;5
Cairo, Egypt;Mostly sunny and hot;103;77;Sunny and hot;103;77;NNW;10;34%;0%;12
Cape Town, South Africa;Abundant sunshine;65;48;Sunshine;65;45;E;7;73%;0%;3
Caracas, Venezuela;A shower or t-storm;81;68;Mostly sunny;83;66;E;4;55%;33%;12
Chennai, India;High clouds and warm;95;80;High clouds and warm;100;79;SSW;9;50%;49%;6
Chicago, United States;A t-storm around;88;77;Showers and t-storms;88;68;N;7;73%;77%;9
Colombo, Sri Lanka;A shower or two;89;79;A passing shower;87;80;WSW;10;74%;86%;11
Copenhagen, Denmark;Mostly sunny, nice;75;56;Not as warm;68;56;WNW;8;63%;42%;5
Dakar, Senegal;Inc. clouds;81;76;Decreasing clouds;83;77;W;5;79%;32%;12
Dallas, United States;A t-storm around;94;75;Partly sunny;95;79;ENE;6;54%;27%;8
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania;Partly sunny;84;70;A shower in the a.m.;82;71;SSE;13;79%;68%;7
Delhi, India;Rain this morning;97;78;Warm with hazy sun;98;83;W;7;63%;31%;12
Denver, United States;Partly sunny;89;60;A t-storm around;82;60;SSW;7;56%;73%;12
Dhaka, Bangladesh;Thunderstorms;90;79;A couple of t-storms;91;81;SSE;9;75%;83%;3
Dili, East Timor;Decreasing clouds;92;73;Partly sunny, nice;88;72;SE;6;62%;44%;7
Dublin, Ireland;Partly sunny;75;52;Partly sunny;70;52;ESE;9;63%;39%;3
Dushanbe, Tajikistan;Partly sunny, warm;96;66;Partly sunny, nice;91;67;NNE;8;25%;8%;11
Gibraltar, Gibraltar;Sunshine and breezy;80;66;Sunny and nice;83;67;W;12;62%;0%;11
Hanoi, Vietnam;Hot with some sun;102;86;High clouds and hot;102;85;SSE;7;50%;36%;8
Harare, Zimbabwe;Thickening clouds;67;47;Partly sunny;64;45;SE;10;63%;34%;5
Havana, Cuba;A t-storm in spots;88;73;A t-storm in spots;89;77;E;8;71%;65%;11
Helsinki, Finland;Thundershowers;65;53;Thundershowers;68;56;WNW;9;77%;84%;6
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam;A little a.m. rain;91;78;A couple of t-storms;89;78;SW;12;81%;72%;7
Hong Kong, China;A shower;92;83;A t-storm around;91;82;S;10;73%;75%;13
Honolulu, United States;Brief p.m. showers;87;73;Some sun, a shower;88;75;ENE;17;56%;83%;13
Hyderabad, India;A t-storm around;90;74;Cloudy;88;72;W;9;59%;66%;3
Islamabad, Pakistan;Clouds and sun;87;72;Humid with hazy sun;94;76;NNW;8;67%;18%;12
Istanbul, Turkey;Plenty of sunshine;86;71;Plenty of sunshine;85;68;ENE;10;56%;16%;11
Jakarta, Indonesia;Variable cloudiness;90;75;Clouds and sun;92;71;W;5;52%;5%;7
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia;Clouds and sun;103;84;Decreasing clouds;98;83;NNE;10;51%;3%;13
Johannesburg, South Africa;Mostly sunny;59;38;Plenty of sunshine;61;35;E;7;28%;1%;4
Kabul, Afghanistan;Hot with sunshine;97;61;Mostly sunny, nice;89;62;NNE;6;22%;5%;13
Karachi, Pakistan;Partly sunny, windy;92;85;Hazy sunshine;92;85;WSW;15;60%;30%;5
Kathmandu, Nepal;Showers and t-storms;81;69;Afternoon t-storms;82;70;E;5;84%;98%;8
Khartoum, Sudan;Mostly sunny;107;83;Rather cloudy;102;82;SSW;16;34%;5%;12
Kiev, Ukraine;Partly sunny, warmer;77;55;A t-storm in spots;80;60;WSW;9;54%;44%;8
Kingston, Jamaica;Partly sunny, breezy;92;81;A t-storm in spots;92;80;ENE;19;59%;41%;12
Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo;More clouds than sun;88;70;Nice with some sun;88;70;W;6;59%;44%;4
Kolkata, India;A heavy thunderstorm;92;80;A p.m. t-storm;89;80;SSW;6;84%;81%;8
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia;A p.m. shower or two;90;73;Partly sunny;92;73;E;5;71%;42%;10
La Paz, Bolivia;Partial sunshine;59;28;Partly sunny;61;27;NE;7;31%;1%;6
Lagos, Nigeria;A t-storm in spots;85;74;A Couple of t-storms;83;74;SW;5;81%;70%;8
Lima, Peru;Partly sunny;66;60;Partly sunny;67;60;S;10;77%;4%;2
Lisbon, Portugal;Partly sunny;74;61;Sunny and nice;77;62;NNW;8;64%;13%;11
London, United Kingdom;A t-storm in spots;77;61;A t-storm in spots;80;62;S;6;56%;65%;8
Los Angeles, United States;Low clouds, then sun;80;64;Clouds to sun;89;70;SE;6;46%;1%;11
Luanda, Angola;Partly sunny, nice;80;68;Rather cloudy;80;69;E;6;69%;9%;7
Madrid, Spain;Sunny and nice;84;59;Sunny and nice;86;64;NW;4;38%;4%;11
Male, Maldives;Partly sunny, nice;87;79;Partly sunny;89;80;W;4;68%;82%;10
Manaus, Brazil;Partly sunny;91;77;Mostly sunny;91;73;NE;4;69%;44%;9
Manila, Philippines;A little a.m. rain;86;78;A stray p.m. t-storm;86;78;WSW;10;76%;77%;7
Melbourne, Australia;Windy with some sun;59;53;Rainy times;60;51;NNW;20;68%;88%;1
Mexico City, Mexico;A p.m. t-storm;73;55;A p.m. t-storm;73;54;NE;6;49%;80%;13
Miami, United States;Partly sunny;88;78;Showers around;89;81;ESE;8;71%;84%;6
Minsk, Belarus;Clouds and sun;67;51;Sun and some clouds;71;51;W;10;63%;29%;7
Mogadishu, Somalia;Partly sunny;82;75;Variable cloudiness;82;75;SSW;14;74%;44%;10
Montevideo, Uruguay;Partly sunny, cool;50;41;Mostly cloudy;52;47;E;7;66%;15%;1
Montreal, Canada;Mostly sunny and hot;94;73;A t-storm in spots;92;73;SW;5;57%;71%;9
Moscow, Russia;Mostly cloudy;64;52;Partly sunny;71;53;WSW;9;63%;70%;6
Mumbai, India;Rain, becoming heavy;86;78;Periods of rain;85;80;WSW;12;83%;91%;4
Nairobi, Kenya;Cloudy, p.m. rain;67;53;Mostly cloudy;71;52;SSE;6;65%;39%;5
New York, United States;A t-storm in spots;86;74;Humid with some sun;88;75;SSW;8;72%;38%;11
Nicosia, Cyprus;Sunshine, very hot;101;76;Sunshine, very hot;101;77;WNW;9;26%;0%;11
Novosibirsk, Russia;Increasing clouds;65;50;Clouds and sun;66;50;NNW;6;63%;16%;7
Osaka-shi, Japan;Rain and a t-storm;84;76;Rain, a thunderstorm;79;72;S;13;82%;100%;3
Oslo, Norway;Sunny and very warm;84;56;Sunny and nice;78;56;SSE;6;51%;29%;6
Ottawa, Canada;Mostly sunny;96;69;A t-storm around;93;69;SW;11;64%;76%;9
Pago Pago, American Samoa;Rain, a thunderstorm;79;76;Heavy thunderstorms;81;75;NNE;11;81%;100%;2
Panama City, Panama;A p.m. t-storm;88;75;Showers and t-storms;87;76;NW;6;85%;82%;6
Paramaribo, Suriname;Spotty showers;85;74;A downpour;84;74;ENE;6;80%;80%;9
Paris, France;A thunderstorm;84;64;A shower or t-storm;80;59;N;6;59%;68%;6
Perth, Australia;Showers, some heavy;64;52;Showers around;61;45;ESE;13;63%;61%;3
Phnom Penh, Cambodia;A t-storm around;91;78;A t-storm around;91;78;SW;10;67%;55%;10
Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea;Nice with some sun;86;74;Nice with some sun;89;75;SSE;16;75%;44%;7
Port-au-prince, Haiti;Partly sunny, warm;97;76;Warm with sunshine;98;72;NE;6;44%;18%;12
Prague, Czech Republic;Sunshine and warm;86;61;A thunderstorm;87;63;NW;6;38%;71%;8
Pyongyang, North Korea;A t-storm around;91;70;A p.m. t-storm;85;66;E;6;59%;66%;3
Quito, Ecuador;Partly sunny;74;50;Mostly cloudy;74;47;S;10;45%;31%;9
Rabat, Morocco;Mostly sunny, nice;75;58;Sunny and pleasant;77;60;N;9;62%;0%;12
Recife, Brazil;Clouds and sun, nice;83;72;A little a.m. rain;82;73;SE;8;75%;90%;6
Reykjavik, Iceland;A shower or two;52;45;Areas of low clouds;52;41;WNW;10;67%;7%;1
Riga, Latvia;Partly sunny;67;51;Partly sunny;67;54;NW;10;67%;66%;6
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil;Showers this morning;76;66;Sunshine and humid;83;68;NW;4;68%;0%;4
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia;Clouds and sun;107;86;Sunny and hot;112;85;NE;8;7%;0%;13
Rome, Italy;Sunny and pleasant;88;66;Sunny and delightful;88;67;SW;8;58%;5%;10
Saint Petersburg, Russia;Mostly cloudy;69;53;Spotty showers;65;56;W;7;85%;95%;2
San Francisco, United States;Low clouds, then sun;66;55;Clouds breaking;68;58;W;9;64%;1%;10
San Jose, Costa Rica;A p.m. t-storm;77;64;Showers and t-storms;79;65;ENE;6;71%;82%;6
San Juan, Puerto Rico;Hazy sun and breezy;87;79;Breezy with hazy sun;86;78;E;15;70%;44%;12
San Salvador, El Salvador;A p.m. t-storm;77;66;A p.m. t-storm;76;66;N;5;92%;85%;11
Sana'a, Yemen;Nice with some sun;83;59;Some sun, pleasant;83;58;W;8;32%;6%;14
Santiago, Chile;Rain;54;43;Rain;54;44;SSE;4;70%;100%;1
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic;Mostly sunny;88;75;Mostly sunny, nice;88;74;NNE;7;66%;12%;12
São Paulo, Brazil;Partly sunny;72;59;Partly sunny;76;57;NNW;7;67%;31%;5
Seattle, United States;Partly sunny;82;61;Partly sunny;83;60;SSE;6;51%;28%;9
Seoul, South Korea;Partly sunny;89;73;A p.m. t-storm;85;69;E;5;75%;85%;3
Shanghai, China;Rain and drizzle;90;77;A t-storm or two;84;75;SSE;9;92%;85%;4
Singapore, Singapore;A t-storm in spots;90;79;A t-storm in spots;87;80;SSE;9;75%;55%;4
Sofia, Bulgaria;A stray p.m. t-storm;82;62;A shower or t-storm;80;60;SW;8;66%;60%;10
St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda;Hazy sun;86;77;Hazy sunshine;86;77;E;13;66%;28%;12
Stockholm, Sweden;Sunny and pleasant;74;51;Plenty of sunshine;73;55;SW;6;48%;27%;6
Sydney, Australia;Mostly sunny;68;52;Sunny, nice and warm;74;61;NNW;7;67%;1%;3
Taipei City, Taiwan;Increasingly windy;95;83;Hot with some sun;96;82;W;10;54%;44%;5
Tallinn, Estonia;Clouds and sun;66;52;Thundershowers;68;56;W;9;77%;86%;6
Tashkent, Uzbekistan;Sunny and very warm;97;73;Sunshine, very warm;99;75;NW;9;26%;3%;11
Tbilisi, Georgia;Sunshine, very hot;101;68;Sunshine, very hot;98;68;NNW;10;32%;27%;11
Tehran, Iran;Sunny and hot;105;76;Sunny and not as hot;99;77;SE;8;13%;0%;12
Tel Aviv, Israel;Sunny and pleasant;90;75;Sunny and nice;89;76;SSW;8;58%;0%;12
Tirana, Albania;Mostly sunny;91;68;Sunny;91;69;E;5;53%;2%;10
Tokyo, Japan;Windy and very humid;85;77;A little a.m. rain;86;76;SSW;19;75%;69%;5
Toronto, Canada;Sunshine and humid;83;70;A t-storm around;83;65;W;7;80%;76%;10
Tripoli, Libya;Sunshine and nice;86;74;Sunny and pleasant;92;77;SE;7;46%;0%;12
Tunis, Tunisia;Sunshine and hot;96;75;Sunny and hot;98;73;WNW;10;38%;1%;11
Ulan Bator, Mongolia;Warmer;82;54;Not as warm;77;59;ESE;9;41%;64%;5
Vancouver, Canada;Cloudy;82;67;Sunny;81;61;ESE;6;48%;53%;8
Vienna, Austria;Periods of sun;85;62;A thunderstorm;88;66;NNW;5;50%;72%;8
Vientiane, Laos;Decreasing clouds;96;77;Clouds and sun, hot;94;76;W;7;56%;44%;7
Vilnius, Lithuania;Clouds and sunshine;68;51;Partly sunny;73;53;W;8;60%;29%;7
Warsaw, Poland;Partly sunny;79;58;Partly sunny, warm;85;60;WSW;9;41%;41%;8
Wellington, New Zealand;Turning sunny;51;43;Inc. clouds;54;47;N;6;80%;6%;1
Yangon, Myanmar;A t-storm or two;91;77;A t-storm or two;87;78;WSW;8;80%;82%;10
Yerevan, Armenia;Sunshine, very hot;103;69;Sunny and very hot;98;73;NE;4;22%;27%;11
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
The Latest on the North Korea crisis (all times local):
11 a.m.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in says North Korea could create conditions for dialogue by stopping additional nuclear and missile tests.
Moon in a speech Tuesday also said resolving the North Korean threat could begin with freezing its nuclear weapons program.
Tensions have increased as North Korea advanced toward being able to hit the mainland United States with a nuclear-armed missile. Its state media described in detail Tuesday its plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam. But it also reported that leader Kim Jong-un would watch U.S. conduct before giving their orders for the test. That appeared to signal a path to defuse the crisis.
Moon says that their government shares a view with Washington that the purpose of strong sanctions and pressure against North Korea is to draw Pyongyang to negotiations.
———
10:45 a.m.
The South Korean president says the North Korean nuclear crisis must "absolutely be solved peacefully" and there can be no U.S. military moves without South Korean consent.
Moon Jae-in, a liberal who favors engagement with the North, delivered a nationally televised speech Tuesday on the anniversary of the end of World War II and the Korean Peninsula's liberation from Japanese colonial rule.
North Korea has said its military presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam. But its comments appeared to signal a path to defuse the crisis by saying Kim would watch U.S. conduct before giving their orders.
Moon said their South Korean government "will put everything on the line to prevent another war in the Korean Peninsula." They say the "North Korean nuclear program should absolutely be solved peacefully, and the (South Korean) government and the U.S. government don't have a different position on this."
———
6:30 p.m.
North Korea says leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on their military's plans to launch missiles in waters near Guam days after the Korean People's Army announced its preparing to create "enveloping fire" near the U.S. military hub in the Pacific.
The Korean Central News Agency said Tuesday that Kim during an inspection of the KPA's Strategic Forces praised the military for drawing up a "close and careful" plan. Kim said they will give order for the missile test if the United States continues its "extremely dangerous actions" on the Korean Peninsula.
The KPA's Strategic Forces said last week it would finalize by mid-August a plan to fire four intermediate ballistic missiles near Guam and send it to Kim for their approval
———
8:10 a.m.
The top U.S. military officer says the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities in case of provocation.
The comments by Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford in meetings Monday with senior South Korean military and political officials appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if necessary.
Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said that the U.S. is "seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis."
Dunford is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump said they were ready to unleash "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
BANGALORE, India (AP) — Chris Gayle finally made it to the Indian Premier League this season when Kings XI Punjab bought the West Indies opener at their base price of only $312,000 on Day 2 of the players' auction on Sunday.
Gayle remained unsold on Saturday when they could not attract any of the eight IPL franchises before Kings XI Punjab bought the West Indies hard-hitting left-hander.
The 38-year-old Gayle played for Royal Challengers Bangalore from 2011-17 after representing Kolkata Knight Riders in the first three seasons of IPL.
India opener Murali Vijay also benefited on the second day after being ignored on Saturday when they were bought by Chennai Super Kings for $312,000.
India wicketkeeper-batsman Parthiv Patel ($265,000) and Australia fast bowler Mitchell Johnson ($312,000) found buyers on Day 2 when they went to Royal Challengers Bangalore and Kolkata Knight Riders, respectively.
Medium fast bowler Jaydev Unadkat was the most expensive Indian player to be sold over the two days when Rajasthan Royals made a winning bid of $1.8 million. Australian fast bowler Andrew Tye was also sold for more than the million mark when King XI Punjab bought them for $1.1 million.
Sandeep Lamichhane was the first Nepalese player to get an IPL contract when the legspinner went to Delhi Daredevils for $31,000.
"The Delhi boys flew them out and saw them bowling in the nets, they were pretty impressive, they might not be ready to play yet but they saw a lot of talent there ... see if they can turn into a world-class bowler in a few years," Delhi coach Ricky Ponting said.
Young Afghanistan spinners Mujeeb Zadran and Zahir Khan also got snapped up.
Zadran, 16, went to Kings XI Punjab for $625,000 and Zahir, 19, was bought by Rajasthan Royals for $93,000.
England one-day skipper Eoin Morgan was unsold despite previous experience with Royal Challengers Bangalore, Kolkata Knight Riders, Sunrisers Hyderabad and Kings XI Punjab.
Other big-name players who went unsold this year included Lasith Malinga, Shaun Marsh, Lendl Simmons, Dale Steyn and Martin Guptill.
Today in History
Today is Tuesday, Dec. 12, the 346th day of 2017. There are 19 days left in the year. Hanukkah, the Jewish Festival of Lights, begins at sunset.
Today's Highlights in History:
On Dec. 12, 1917, during World War I, a train carrying some 1,000 French troops from the Italian front derailed while descending a steep hill in Modane (moh-DAN'); at least half of the soldiers were killed in France's greatest rail disaster. Father Edward Flanagan founded Boys Town outside Omaha, Nebraska.
On this date:
In 1787, Pennsylvania became the second state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
In 1897, "The Katzenjammer Kids," the pioneering comic strip created by Rudolph Dirks, made its debut in the New York Journal.
In 1906, President Theodore Roosevelt nominated Oscar Straus to be Secretary of Commerce and Labor; Straus became the first Jewish Cabinet member.
In 1925, the first motel — the Motel Inn — opened in San Luis Obispo, California.
In 1937, Japanese aircraft sank the U.S. gunboat Panay on China's Yangtze River. (Japan apologized, and paid $2.2 million in reparations.)
In 1946, a United Nations committee voted to accept a six-block tract of Manhattan real estate offered as a gift by John D. Rockefeller, Jr. to be the site of the U.N.'s headquarters.
In 1947, the United Mine Workers union disaffiliated from the American Federation of Labor.
In 1963, Kenya became independent of Britain.
In 1977, the dance movie "Saturday Night Fever," a Paramount Pictures release starring John Travolta, premiered in New York.
In 1985, 248 American soldiers and eight crew members were killed when an Arrow Air charter crashed after takeoff from Gander, Newfoundland.
In 1997, Ilich Ramirez Sanchez, the international terrorist known as "Carlos the Jackal," went on trial in Paris on charges of killing two French investigators and a Lebanese national. (Ramirez was convicted, and is serving a life prison sentence.)
In 2000, George W. Bush became president-elect as a divided U.S. Supreme Court reversed a state court decision for recounts in Florida's contested election.
Ten years ago: Republican presidential rivals gathered in Johnston, Iowa, called for deep cuts in federal spending in a debate remarkably free of acrimony. President George W. Bush vetoed a second bill that would have expanded government-provided health insurance for children. Ike Turner, the rock pioneer and ex-husband of Tina Turner, died in San Marcos, California, at age 76.
Five years ago: North Koreans danced in the streets of their capital, Pyongyang, after the regime of Kim Jong-un succeeded in firing a long-range rocket in defiance of international warnings. Pope Benedict XVI sent their first tweet from their new account; it read, "Dear friends, I am pleased to get in touch with you through Twitter. Thank you for your generous response. I bless all of you from my heart."
One year ago: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan endorsed investigations into the CIA's belief that Russia had meddled in the November election to help Donald Trump win, a claim the president-elect called "ridiculous."
Today's Birthdays: Former TV host Bob Barker is 94. Basketball Hall of Famer Bob Pettit is 85. Singer Connie Francis is 80. Singer Dionne Warwick is 77. Rock singer-musician Dickey Betts is 74. Hall of Fame race car driver Emerson Fittipaldi is 71. Actor Wings Hauser is 70. Actor Bill Nighy (ny) is 68. Actor Duane Chase (Film: "The Sound of Music") is 67. Country singer LaCosta is 67. Gymnast-turned-actor Cathy Rigby is 65. Author Lorna Landvik is 63. Singer-musician Sheila E. is 60. Actress Sheree J. Wilson is 59. Pop singer Daniel O'Donnell is 56. International Tennis Hall of Famer Tracy Austin is 55. Rock musician Eric Schenkman (Spin Doctors) is 54. Rock musician Nicholas Dimichino (Nine Days) is 50. Author Sophie Kinsella is 48. News anchor Maggie Rodriguez is 48. Actress Jennifer Connelly is 47. Actress Madchen Amick is 47. Actress Regina Hall is 47. Country singer Hank Williams III is 45. Actress Mayim Bialik is 42. Model Bridget Hall is 40. Actor Lucas Hedges (Film: "Manchester by the Sea") is 21. Actress Sky Katz (TV: "Raven's Home") is 13.
Thought for Today: "Experience has taught me that the only cruelties people condemn are those with which they do not happen to be familiar." — Ellen Glasgow, American author (1874-1945).
Transcript for Holiday gas prices spike to 4-year high
so many of yre traveling for the holiday. An estimated 40 million ICANs hitting the road. Well, a little bitf bad news. You'll face Pai at the pump a gas prices are hitting their highest point I fou years. ABC' gio Benitez is at a station here in New York with more on why and how you can keep your gas costs wn. Good morning T you, O. Reporter: Yeah, good morning, Paula. Get ready to spend. Right in new Yorty at this station this one has some of T highest pces in the country. 9 a gallon forular unleaded but let's take a look at theional average becau in the u.s.,e're looking at 2.84 gallon, 58 cents higher than the fourth of july year so where prices this high? In partom oil producing entries have had unexpd ous and unctainty over U.S. Efforts to sanion Iranian the lowest prices, south Carolina, alaba, misssippi, the high Washington, California and Hawaii, if you live there you're spending about $1 more. Paula. Yikes.these prices. Okay, so I'm assuming a lot of us are looking for ways to save on fuel and any suggestions? Reporter: Look, right N the biggest thing you can D can focus on that ac because T less you useit, the mor you're Goin save, right? You don't want to have windows open during your drive bec that's going to cause a lot stress on the car and you're going to end up spending a more on ga If I have max on with windows down I'm Doi a lot of things G. Thank you. To anotheroliday concern as millions of Americans
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Banksy has struck again.The world-famous British graffiti artist's latest pieces just appeared in New York for the first time since 2013.The mysterious Banksy posted on their Instagram page Thursday showing their signature rat, this one running in a clock, tagged on a bank building on 14th Street and Sixth Avenue in Manhattan.That building is set to be demolished.Banksy's other piece appeared at the intersection of Houston Street and the Bowery this week.The mural protests the imprisonment of a Turkish artist and journalist, Zehra Dogan. Dogan, an ethnic Kurd, was jailed after painting the Turkish flag flying over the rubble of a destroyed town, according to the Associated Press.The 70-foot-long mural consists of black tally marks representing Dogan's days in a Turkish prison.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — A government safety panel on Monday urged the temporary shutdown of twin oil pipelines in the Straits of Mackinac until their operator can finish inspections and repair coating gaps, after some members expressed concerns over a recent deal between the state and Enbridge Inc.
The Michigan Pipeline Safety Advisory Board approved the non-binding resolution after members of Gov. Rick Snyder's administration who sit on the panel abstained from voting. Other non-binding resolutions call for temporarily halting the flow of oil during storms that produce sustained waves at least 3 feet (0.9 meter) high for longer than an hour, instead of an 8-foot (2.4-meter) threshold included in the agreement, and recommended that a "more robust" study of alternatives to Line 5 be completed.
The agreement, announced Nov. 27, sets an Aug. 15 deadline for determining the future of the nearly 5-mile-long (8-kilometer) segment beneath the channel where Lakes Huron and Michigan converge. Options include shutting down the pipeline or routing it through a tunnel beneath the lakebed where it now rests.
Because five or six members of the 16-person board voted for the measures while many others abstained, there was confusion over whether they had passed. Co-chairperson Valerie Brader, executive director of the Michigan Agency for Energy, said they expected the Republican governor's administration to consider the resolutions as advisory while also taking note of the number of abstentions.
Board member Jennifer McKay of the Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council said they hope the governor gives the resolutions "due consideration" and seeks amendments to the deal. Although the federal government regulates oil pipelines, Michigan owns the lake bottom and in 1953 granted an easement to the Canadian company allowing the pipeline to go there.
"We know we have coating gaps. It's a violation of the easement and it only makes sense to shut down the pipeline until Enbridge can adequately address and fix the coating issues to ensure we don't have any type of rupture or leak," they said.
The line transports about 23 million gallons (87 million liters) daily between Superior, Wisconsin, and Sarnia, Ontario.
At least four board members expressed frustration that Snyder struck the agreement without their input, contending it short-circuited the public process and signals that tunneling the pipeline is ultimately the state's preference. State officials on the board, however, said the deal is an interim one and is not intended to "prejudge" the fate of the pipeline.
"Certainly apologies if there was any perceived disrespect," said Michigan Department of Natural Resources Director Keith Creagh. "As we heard about the entire length of the pipeline, there were some measures put into place ... to ensure that there was a higher standard essentially in the interim as this board contemplates the future of Line 5."
While not ruling out a permanent shutdown, the agreement includes a series of steps intended to boost the underwater pipes' safety. Enbridge agreed to evaluate three options by June for routing the underwater segment through a tunnel or trench, on or beneath the lakebed — either using the existing pipes or building a new one.
The company promised steps to prevent the lines from being damaged by a ship anchor, expedite monitoring of the pipelines with cameras or other devices, and speed up methods for detecting potential ruptures and responding to spills.
Additionally, Enbridge said it would replace another section of Line 5 beneath the St. Clair River where it crosses the U.S.-Canadian border with a new pipe inside a tunnel after receiving federal and state permits.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert .
Bruce Pearl's No. 11 Auburn Tigers are playing with a swagger and confidence that hasn't been seen around Auburn Arena in years.
The Tigers haven't made the NCAA Tournament since 2003 and few believed Pearl's squad could overcome losing two of its best players who were declared ineligible at the beginning of the season.
No one epitomizes that confidence more than Tigers sharpshooter Bryce Brown. The junior guard lit up Ole Miss for 19 second-half points on Tuesday as Auburn beat Ole Miss for the first time in 10 years in Oxford.
"He's got a different gear," Pearl said after the 79-70 win. "He's not afraid to fail. They bide their time in there. We do some things to get them some looks, but they stay patient ... shares it (and) didn't have a turnover."
Brown leads a balanced Auburn offense against Vanderbilt when the Commodores visit Saturday. And while the odds seemingly are stacked against Vandy, Pearl understands this is the type of game that the Tigers can't take for granted.
Vanderbilt is coming off an 83-81 overtime loss to Kentucky on Tuesday. Last Saturday, Vandy upset TCU.
The Commodores (8-14, 2-7 SEC) have played 16 games against top-100 RPI teams and although their record in those games is 3-13, they remain dangerous. All three of those wins came in January against Alabama, LSU and TCU.
"We are not looking at our record," coach Bryce Drew told The (Nashville) Tennessean. "We are playing to get better and to build a program."
Auburn is 20-2 overall and sits atop the SEC with an 8-1 record. One slip-up, though, could change things in a blink of an eye.
"The way I look at a two-game lead in the SEC is we're one weekend out of fifth," Pearl told AL.com. "Maybe that's the Lou Holtz in me or something, I don't know. We grind and we prepare one at a time. I keep an eye on the teams that are behind us and what they're doing. ... We've worked hard to put ourselves into this position."
IMPA
This week in This Week In Posters, we begin with Pixar's Coco, featuring little Richie Valens over here rocking out for all the townsfolk, those both alive and dead. As always, the dopey doggy is stealing the show getting a tongue full of street corn. I still don't know why we even bother with human characters in animation, but otherwise it's a pretty good poster. Lots of mustaches.
[all posters via IMPA]
Y'know, if I didn't know any better, I'd say that's the same photo with different heads. But surely no one would be that lazy. pic.twitter.com/4JP5EAjbLs — Scott Wampler™ (@ScottWamplerBMD) August 11, 2017
This poster didn't come out this week, but I thought it was worth including, for obvious reasons. Look, the director of Snitch knows what they know, okay?
IMPA
This is not only a strong poster for The Death of Stalin, it's also a power move. It says “I can put Buscemi, Palin, and Tambor in my movie and the director's name and concept will still be more important.”
I'm sure we'll get some terrible floating head designs closer to release, but for now this is awesome.
IMPA
I honestly couldn't figure out what the hell was going on with this poster for The Foreigner until I saw the next one with Jackie Chan. Apparently both faces are Pierce Brosnan's, one angry and one… uh… content? You know, it turns out emotions this subtle don't really play in posters. Their right side kind of looks like Bryan Cranston.
IMPA
I was so busy trying to figure out what I was looking at in the last poster to notice the debris exploding out of the characters' heads, which is admittedly pretty boss. It's like the designer of The Foreigner poster took two of the most pervasive poster clichés — the pointlessly diagonal horizon line and action movies have lots of debris flying everywhere — and combined them into something much stranger and cooler.
IMPA
“Rock out with your glock out” sounded so familiar (kind of obvious pun) that I Googled it. Turns out it's not only been put on a t-shirt but was the name of a special edition DVD of Cop Out. Which is not especially something you'd want to remind people of, but that's assuming the writers of Gun Shy‘s tagline thought about it for more than five seconds, which I doubt. On another note, what the sweet hell is going on with their left hand up there?
CLEVELAND -- Cleveland Cavaliers guard? JR Smith?left Game 2 of the Cavs' first-round series against the Indiana Pacers at halftime Monday because of a left hamstring injury and did not return.
After the game, a 117-111 Cavs win, Smith said they did not require an MRI and they hope to play in Game 3.
"If they let me play, I'll play," they said. "My leg ain't broke."
Iman Shumpert, who did not play in the Cavs' 109-108 Game 1 win, started the second half in Smith's place. Smith praised Shumpert for filling in and said their second-half play was "great."
"He did a helluva job on the defensive end, came in and made a big shot for us," Smith said. "He did what they were supposed to do."
Smith finished with three points on 1-for-3 shooting and one turnover in 19 minutes, while Shumpert had five points in 20 minutes.
Smith said they wanted to go back into Monday's game, but the team held them out.
"I wanted to play. They didn't want me to play," they said as they walked out of the arena without a noticeable limp.
The Cavaliers hold a 2-0 series lead, with Game 3 set for Thursday night in Cleveland.
Netflix
Ripping stories straight from the headlines is a delicate tightrope act for television shows. Without artistry, this kind of storytelling can devolve into lazy jokes and cheap moralizing. However, if done properly, issues can be brought into sharp focus with the commentary to match. Netflix‘s Dear White People leans into that gamble and has managed to nail the balance two seasons in a row. The stylish satire takes the experiences of black students at a largely white (fictional) Ivy League university and gives them real-world weight despite the witty delivery.
The first season focused on a campus cop pulling a gun on an unarmed black man — Reggie, played by Maque Richardson — at a college party, white students donning blackface, and the protests that follow. The second season keeps these themes in play, showing what happens in the fallout when the campus “goes back to normal,” but also adds in racist alt-right internet trolls and Fox News-esque talking heads and their ability to keep tensions enflamed. As Sam (Logan Browning), arguably the show's main protagonist, finds themselves in yet another flame war on Twitter, many viewers will probably cringe in recognition at the bots and MAGA accounts that have made social media even more unbearable at times.
When it was first announced, some Netflix users balked at the title and claimed that the series “promoted white genocide,” canceling their accounts in retaliation. However, if they had rejected that knee-jerk reaction and actually watched the series, they would have witnessed a nuanced take on modern race relations that sought to exposed centuries of wounds instead of merely screaming at “the other.” Maybe they still would have taken issue with the content, maybe they wouldn't. But in a world where shows like the freshly-canceled Roseanne and the just-revived Last Man Standing dominate the news cycle, Dear White People feels like an eloquent and steadfast rebuke of the status quo.
With each episode of the season focusing on a different character, Dear White People‘s second season adds new depth to well-drawn characters that carry over from season one. Showrunner, director, and writer Justin Simien is wise enough to tell specific stories with universal appeal, and many viewers will see themselves reflected in the characters on this show, regardless of skin color. Lionel (DeRon Horton) struggles to find meaning in their work and theirs recently embraced homosexuality. Troy (Brandon P Bell) grapples with the fallout of their protest at the end of the season and how they and their father, the university's president, disagree on the right way forward. Coco (Antoinette Robertson) is forced to deal with things beyond their control while trying to work within a system that would prefer to keep them in a box. Sam has to deal with the untimely loss of their father and the overwhelming grief that follows.
However, despite the universality of story, Dear White People never shies away from the characters blackness and how it informs how they look at the world. This is perhaps best reflected in Sam's relationship with Gabe (John Patrick Amedori), a well-meaning white grad student who doesn't always know the best way to be an ally. After they broke up at the end of season one, Sam and Gabe remained in each other's orbit due to Gabe's documentary project, “Am I A Racist?” In the fictional doc, Gabe speaks to a number of Sam's friends and other black students on campus to find out how he, a white man, can be the best ally and fight against prejudices cultivated by society's influence. However, while their intent is good, he's largely just repeating the message of Sam's radio show, the titular “Dear White People,” but in a more palatable, soundbite-friendly way. This disconnect between the two leads to the best episode of the season, as they work to understand each other while also revealing the scars that they both bear following their messy breakup. Browning and Amedori are up to the task of making a 15-minute discussion riveting and meaningful on both the personal and societal level, leading them both to a deeper understanding of why the other behave the way that they do.
In a better world, Dear White People would be a massive hit. While Netflix doesn't release its viewing numbers, Dear White People is likely on the more modest end of the spectrum. This is the kind of show that packs a lot into the half-hour episode format, settling into a stylish aesthetic but never at the expense of substance. Dear White People might be a victim of the Netflix's binging formula: people burn through the episodes in a weekend without having the long wait between twists in a week by week format. Dear White People deserves to have its watercooler moment because it encourages the discussions that we need to be having in increasingly divisive times.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Treasury Department just gave Republicans ammunition that their tax cuts would pay for themselves.
But the one-page memo relies on a mathematical gimmick: It includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Economic growth at that level would, in theory, be enough to keep the national debt from rising.
But most analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
The Treasury Department report enables President Donald Trump to claim that the Senate tax overhaul would pay for itself, even though outside analyses show otherwise.
When the same report tries to estimate how much growth the tax cuts would actually produce, it also finds that the national debt would likely increase by at least $1 trillion during the next decade.
Many economists and tax experts were quick to dismiss the Treasury memo.
"It's a joke," David Kamin, a law professor at New York University and former economic policy aide in the Obama White House, said on Twitter.
Sen. Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said, "It's no more than a thinly veiled attempt by the Trump administration to cover up an economic agenda that showers corporations with goodies while taking money and health care away from those who need it most."
Most economic analyses — including one by Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation — assume that the tax cuts would cause the debt to rise significantly because the cuts would fail to deliver significantly faster growth.
An analysis of the Senate plan released Monday by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center found that even after factoring in additional economic growth, deficits would rise by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years when including the additional interest costs.
A separate analysis by the Penn Wharton Budget Model found a similarly sized increase in budget deficits.
None of the top academic economists surveyed by the University of Chicago said the tax cuts would likely generate enough growth to pay for themselves.
The Treasury Department report, though, might provide a tool for Republican lawmakers to sell to a skeptical public tax cuts that largely help corporations and the wealthy. Both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have said that the tax cuts wouldn't add to budget deficits.
ROME (AP) — Italian police have dismantled an international ring trafficking in what prosecutors allege are thousands of ancient artifacts illegally excavated in Sicily.
Maj. Luigi Mancuso, in Palermo for the Carabinieri paramilitary art squad, said Wednesday that investigators allege that the digs were commissioned by a London art dealer, William Veres, 64, who was served with an international warrant.
Twenty Italians were arrested in Italy, one in Spain, and one in Germany.
Mancuso said Veres had been arrested in 2017 in Spain in an unrelated investigation by the Carabinieri art experts.
Some 20,000 objects recovered included ancient coins, statues and pottery, as well as fake artifacts.
Police say many objects were smuggled into Germany, where they were falsely labeled as legitimate and offered by auction houses in Munich.
TPG expects to begin trials of its new Australian mobile network in the second half of 2018. The telco's mobile network build is “well underway,” CFO Stephen Banfield today told a briefing on TPG's first half results.
“We expect to have a very large volume of sites installed by the second half of 2018, when we are hopeful at that time to launch trial services,” the CFO said.
In the six months ending 31 January, TPG's capital expenditure reached $791.7 million, which included a $594.8 million instalment for the 2x10MHz of spectrum in the 700MHz band that it picked up at auction last year. The capex also included $33.8 million on the rollout of mobile networks in Singapore and Australia.
TPG last year revealed it would build a new mobile network in Australia.
“The company has been extremely busy working on its mobile network builds in both Australia and Singapore,” Banfield said.
“In Australia site installation is well underway,” the CFO said. “We have sites installed already in both Sydney and Melbourne. The initial batches of installations have enabled us to refine our small cell deployment model, which should allow us to accelerate the delivery of a significant volume of small cell sites in the coming months.”
“Our agreements with partners who are providing our small cell site access are now substantially complete,” they added.
The network rollout will provide a “platform for 5G services,” the TPG executive said.
“We have a combination of high-density small cell sites with a Cloud-RAN architecture, a virtualised network core and, of course, our fibre. As 5G network elements become available in the market, we will have the optimal architecture to take advantage of them.”
Banfield said TPG will be “looking closely” at the rules for the upcoming auction of 3.6GHz spectrum; 3.6GHz is considered prime spectrum for the rollout of 5G services.
Broadband subscribers dip
The telco registered a dip in broadband subscribers. Although TPG broadband customers rose from 957,000 at the end of July 2017 to 962,000 at the end of January 2018, iiNet subscribers dropped from 979,000 to 966,000 in the same period.
TPG's fibre to the building customer based has increased, the telco revealed, growing from 37,000 to 45,000 in the first half.
“We have added more apartments to our footprint; the number is now close to 190,000,” Banfield said.
TPG general counsel Tony Moffatt said that the telco was uncertain about the future of regulations requiring functional separation for telcos that operate ‘superfast' broadband networks that compete with the National Broadband Network.
“The truth is that we don't where the regulations are at – they're somewhere in Canberra,” they said.
“They may or may not get passed. We're quietly hopeful that the politicians are thinking about the benefits to Australian consumers and the Australian economy of infrastructure based competition and perhaps they're rethinking these regulations.”
TPG reported net profit after tax of $198.7 million for the half. EBITDA was down $55.2 million on 1H17 but underlying EBITDA crept up from $417.6 million to $418.2 million.
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press Tuesday that 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. Adams says they believe the young man was apprehended by mistake.
Adams says agents were at the Seattle home to arrest the man's father and that they took both men into custody. Ramirez Medina has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. He's being held in Tacoma.
Adams says the man is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained.
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Following Wells Fargo's (NYSE: WFC) $200-billion low-carbon commitment announced last week, its Renewable Energy and Environmental Finance unit today announced the completion of $70 million in tax-equity funding for the Pacific Plains wind projects, including facilities in Indiana, Nebraska, and California.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005302/en/
Wells Fargo, NextEra Energy Join to Boost Clean Energy in California, Indiana, Nebraska (Photo: Business Wire)
Over the past decade, Wells Fargo has teamed with NextEra Energy on 14 wind projects throughout the U.S. that will collectively generate more than 5 million megawatt-hours (MWh) of clean energy each year. NextEra , North America's largest renewable-energy power company, developed and built the Pacific Plains wind projects and also operates and manages the new facilities that supply power to local utilities, including:
120-megawatt (MW) Bluff Point wind facility in Jay and Randolph Counties, Indiana 90-MW Cottonwood wind facility in Webster County, Nebraska 46-MW Golden Hills North wind facility in Livermore, California
“Wells Fargo's investment in the Pacific Plains projects continues our commitment to the U.S. renewable energy market and the advancement of clean energy,” said Barry Neal, co-head of Wells Fargo Renewable Energy and Environmental Finance. “We're especially pleased to continue our longstanding relationship with NextEra, focusing on our nation's energy needs today and for the future.”
Wells Fargo is helping to fund the shift to a low-carbon economy and promoting environmental sustainability through products and services, operations and culture, and philanthropy. On April 19, Wells Fargo announced that it will provide $200 billion in financing through 2030 to sustainable businesses and products. More than 50 percent of the financing will be focused on companies and projects like Pacific Plains that directly support the transition to a low-carbon economy, including clean technologies, renewable energy, green bonds, and alternative transportation. The remainder of the financing will support companies and projects focused on sustainable agriculture, recycling, conservation, and other environmentally beneficial activities.
Wells Fargo's sustainable finance goal announced in 2012 – to provide $30 billion by 2020 – was met five years early in 2015. Since 2012, the company has invested and financed more than $83 billion in renewable energy, clean technology, greener buildings, sustainable agriculture, and other environmentally sustainable businesses. In 2017 alone, Wells Fargo:
Produced more than 9 percent of all U.S. solar photovoltaic and wind energy through projects owned in whole or in part by the bank in 33 states and Puerto Rico Invested $12 billion in sustainable businesses Donated $22.5 million to support nonprofits, universities, and community organizations focused on environmental sustainability and education, development and commercialization of clean technologies, and strengthening community resiliency
Also last year, Wells Fargo announced a $20-million expansion of its Innovation Incubator (IN2), which advances emerging clean technologies and startups. The $30-million program, co-administered by Wells Fargo and the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory, is expanding beyond supporting entrepreneurs developing commercial building clean technologies to other focus areas. IN2 has implemented a Channel Partner Award program that has funded 20 early stage startups nationwide.
About Wells Fargo
Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo's vision is to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides banking, investments, mortgage, and consumer and commercial finance through more than 8,200 locations, 13,000 ATMs, the internet (wellsfargo.com) and mobile banking, and has offices in 42 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. With approximately 265,000 team members, Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo & Company was ranked No. 25 on Fortune's 2017 rankings of America's largest corporations. News, insights and perspectives from Wells Fargo are also available at Wells Fargo Stories.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005302/en/
CONTACT: LaTrina Shepherd, 312-339-0012
latrinashepherd@wellsfargo.com
@TrinaBlairWF
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA INDIANA NEBRASKA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE ENVIRONMENT
SOURCE: Wells Fargo & Company
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:00 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005302/en
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- Taiwanese-American Jeremy Lin (林書豪) early this morning (May 31) arrived at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport for a 7-day trip in the country, which will include a two-day basketball camp for select elementary students in eastern Taiwan's Hualien County, reported Liberty Times.
Having departed from New York, Lin arrived at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport at 5:30 a.m. this morning where they were greeted by hundreds of screaming fans. Lin stayed for an extra 30 minutes in the entry hall for the airport's Terminal 2 to take time to sign autographs for their eager fans.
Lin will hold a press conference this afternoon and tomorrow they will head to Changhua for a charity event. On June 2, Lin will hold a two-day basketball camp for 60 elementary school students in Hualien.
On Jun 6, Lin will fly to Hong Kong, where they will stay for two days, before heading to Shanghai on June 9.
Lin poses with child who has adopted their hairstyle. (CNA image)
Lin signs autographs for fans. (CNA image)
Video of Lin signing autographs for fans.
Here in San Antonio, the Confederate monument in downtown's Travis Park was at the center of separate protests this weekend. Confederate supporters gathered in Travis Park to voice opposition to the monument's potential relocation while those who want it removed held a demonstration of their own. The words exchanged between the two sides were heated, but the protests were without violence.
Confederate, U.S. and Texas flags decorated one corner of Travis Park as about 250 people – some armed with long rifles and other fire arms – sang the song of Dixie.
Story continues below photo
Paul Gramling is a commander with the Sons of Confederate Veterans. They came to protest from Shreveport, Louisiana. They say confederate monuments across the country are war memorials and symbols of heritage.
“They were put in spots where they are to remember and memorialize the dead soldiers - our dead men - who didn't' come off the battlefield, who never made it home. That's what these monuments are for,” Gramling said.
The protest was organized by a group called This is Texas Freedom Force in response to a request by San Antonio City Council members Roberto Trevino and Cruz Shaw to re-locate the monument; possibly to a museum.
The tall obelisk like monument features an unnamed soldier at the top. It was erected in the late 1890s by the daughters of the confederacy.
Short video of both sides from today's protests over the Travis Park Confederate Monument @TPRNews pic.twitter.com/z290er7uW9 — Joey Palacios (@Joeycules) August 12, 2017
Across the park nearly another 250 people held a rally of their own in support of removing it, chanting “Take it down, take it down.” Jonathan David Jones is a community activist and often participates in Black Lives Matter events.
“This monument should have been gone a long a time ago. It needs to go now. We don't care what they do with it. They can put it in one of their homes if they want to, but it doesn't belong in public space,” Jones said.
Jones feels the confederacy stood for white supremacy. “They say it's for heritage, they say it's for history, but we know what it's really about,” they added.
Story continues below photo
San Antonio Police had the two sides separated with barricades. Police Chief William McManus says it was to prevent physical confrontations. “My issue is keeping the peace during these types of demonstrations and having had about 28 years of experience with this in DC the most effective way to keep these folks separate is putting up fencing,” McManus said.
SAPD estimates at least 500 people were present in the park. The fencing kept the sides mostly apart. That didn't stop them from taunting each other with wars of words. Travis Park seemed to mirror the mood of the country in recent months.
There were no violent confrontations. At least one person was arrested from the counter protestors' side. Police charged 20-year-old Michael Murphy with assault.
The PA systems on both ends dueled with each other. On the confederate supporters side, Jeffrey Addicott, a professor at St. Mary's University said the group did not stand for racism.
“We've got black individuals out here, we've got white, we've got grey, we've got yellow, we've got a diversity of people. This is not about racism. And if any of you are racist in here please see me afterwards, I'd love to beat the living daylights out of you,” Addicott said.
On the removal side, Bexar County Commissioner Tommy Calvert said this country tore itself apart over the institution of slavery. “We stand together united, black, white, brown, gay, straight, of every color, Native American to say this is our country, we're united we're together, we love each other, we don't want to hurt each other, we want everybody to prosper,” Calvert said. “This is our America and we're not going back.”
Moving the monument is not a done deal. It will take action from the full San Antonio City Council. Councilman Shaw and Trevino are asking for the monument to be placed in an area where it can be integrated into historical context. It's unknown when the proposal will be heard by a council committee.
In what coach Bruce Arians called "great news," Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson's knee injury is not serious and will not require surgery.
An MRI showed Johnson has a left MCL sprain that would require six to eight weeks of rest and rehabilitation.
Johnson, speaking to reporters on Monday, said they knew a few moments after the injury Sunday in Los Angeles that it wasn't serious.
"It felt strong even in walking," they said. "I think I was just scared at first, the initial contact. But after I calmed down a little bit, got in the locker room, I was fine."
Johnson was taken to the locker room on a cart and returned to watch the game in street clothes from the sideline, their left knee in a brace.
Johnson said they have seen the gruesome video of the injury, where in a crowd of tacklers their lower leg was stepped on, causing their knee to bend in an unnatural direction.
"After seeing that video, with everything that happened, I'm definitely blessed with the result," they said.
Once Monday's MRI confirmed what they suspected, they said they felt "tremendous relief that there's no significant injury."
The injury will cause them to miss what would have been their first Pro Bowl, but that means the second year running back will not have to worry about rushing home for the birth of their first child, which is due at the same time.
The injury ended their NFL record string of at least 100 yards from scrimmage in each of the first 15 games of a season. They also fell short in their bid to be the third player to have 1,000 yards rushing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season. Johnson ended up with 1,239 yards rushing and 879 receiving.
Even though they were injured in the first quarter of Sunday's 44-6 victory over the Rams, Johnson already had caught three passes for 38 yards and thought they would have had a good chance to reach the 1,000 mark if they had played the entire game.
Johnson led the NFL in yards from scrimmage with 2,118 (1,230 rushing, 879 receiving) and touchdowns (21). They led all running backs with 80 receptions and was second in rushing touchdowns with 16, two fewer than New England's LeGarrette Blount.
Johnson's string of 15 100 yards from scrimmage games to start the season broke the record of 13 set by Edgerrin James in 2005. Their 15 consecutive games with 100 yards from scrimmage tied the NFL mark set by Barry Sanders in 1997.
Johnson is the seventh player in NFL history to lead the league in yards from scrimmage and touchdowns.
"I feel like I've grown a lot, even from each game," the 2015 third-round draft pick out of Northern Iowa said "Game by game, play by play, I feel like I was growing and learning and getting better, getting more comfortable with our offense and the NFL."
They blamed themselves for not reaching the 1,000-yard receiving mark.
"Mental errors killed me some of the games," Johnson said. "I probably would have had a thousand yards receiving if not some of those routes early in the season that I messed up on."
———
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP—NFL
BERLIN (AP) — Heinz Jakob "Coco" Schumann, a jazz guitarist who survived Nazi concentration camps to return to their musical career in Berlin after World War II, has died. They were 93.
The dpa news agency reported Monday their record label Trikont said Schumann died Sunday in Berlin.
Schumann made a name for themselves as a young musician in Berlin's underground jazz and swing scene in the 1930s. They were arrested in 1943 after authorities learned their mother was Jewish, and deported to the Theresienstadt concentration camp in German-occupied Czechoslovakia.
There, they played in a band known as the "Ghetto Swingers" before being transferred to Auschwitz in 1944, where they played music to entertain guards.
After the war they emigrated to Australia, before returning to Berlin in the mid-1950s and re-establishing their career.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
Suspect in Facebook killing video visited gun range months before deadly shooting More The owner of a gun range said Steve Stephens visited their business and was warned not to "rapid fire" their handgun. Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Suspect in Facebook killing video visited gun range months before deadly shooting This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: A big change to Facebook Live
Now Playing: Suspect in Facebook killing video visited gun range months before deadly shooting
Now Playing: US Supreme Court stops execution of Arkansas death row inmate
Now Playing: A multi-state manhunt continues for the man who shot a senior citizen and posted the video live on Facebook
Now Playing: New search warrants unsealed in the investigation into the death of Prince
Now Playing: The 121st Boston Marathon included the first woman to officially run the race 50 years ago
Now Playing: One dead after military chopper crashes in Maryland
Now Playing: Houston couple complains they were booted from United flight
Now Playing: Manhunt for Cleveland Facebook murder suspect expands to national search
Now Playing: Colorado opens first drive-through marijuana shop
Now Playing: Family of Cleveland Facebook murder victim 'beyond shocked'
Now Playing: How state trooper, DNA helped catch Mass. jogger's alleged killer 8 months later
Now Playing: Marine dad surprised with magical tea party photo shoot with 4-year-old daughter
Now Playing: President Trump participates in 139th White House Easter Egg Roll
Now Playing: Growing number of Americans are tolerant of marijuana use, poll finds
Now Playing: Trump family hosts its 1st White House Easter Egg Roll
Now Playing: Nebraska men get up close and personal with tornado
Now Playing: Manhunt intensifies for Cleveland murder suspect as police vow to catch them
Now Playing: Multi-state manhunt for Cleveland man suspected in killing in video uploaded to Facebook
Now Playing: NBA playoffs get off to an emotional start with Celtics star's tribute to their late sister Now Playing: {{itm.title}}
{"id":46857278,"title":"Suspect in Facebook killing video visited gun range months before deadly shooting","duration":"0:43","description":"The owner of a gun range said Steve Stephens visited their business and was warned not to \"rapid fire\" their handgun. ","url":"/US/video/suspect-facebook-killing-video-visited-gun-range-months-46857278","section":"US","mediaType":"default"}
BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Appcues, the user experience layer, today announced Appcues for NPS, helping businesses accelerate Net Promoter Score (NPS) survey response quality and completion rates through in-product deployments. Two thirds of Fortune 1000 companies today use NPS to gauge customer satisfaction, however, most receive low quality responses as a result of inopportune timing. The significance of Appcues for NPS is it's delivered natively within a product, supporting a customer-centric strategy that drives users to complete an NPS survey intermittently during their customer lifecycle. By delivering NPS surveys to users in a native, frictionless way, product teams benefit from immediate, authentic product sentiment which contributes to improving the user experience as a whole.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005416/en/
Appcues Launches Native Net Promoter Score Product to Improve Response Quality for Businesses (Photo: Business Wire)
Key benefits of Appcues for NPS include:
Easy setup and deployment with Javascript Native, in-product surveys that are delivered intermittently during the customer lifecycle supporting a customer-centric strategy A comprehensive dashboard that displays data analysis on customer sentiment and satisfaction Survey reminders that can be set based on customer preference
“NPS is a metric that product-led companies naturally value as it's critical in measuring customer satisfaction,” said Jonathan Kim, CEO and co-founder, Appcues. “Companies that hold NPS to a high standard are ones that view their customers as the key to their business success. By natively integrating NPS into the product experience, these companies can leverage the intelligence gained from every interaction to further enhance their business. For this reason, we're excited to deliver Appcues for NPS as it helps businesses receive more immediate and useful feedback that ultimately leads to a better overall brand experience.”
“Appcues for NPS took merely minutes to setup and deploy. The tool instantly segmented out users appropriately and the improved response quality that we've seen so far is fascinating to our team,” said Neel Desai, Product Manager, ProfitWell. “As a customer-centric business, product sentiment and satisfaction are always top priorities for our product team, so it's essential that we invest in tools that offer us accurate, data-rich insight into overall product happiness, ultimately improving our brand's bottom line.”
To learn more about Appcues for NPS, visit: https://www.appcues.com/nps-survey-software
About Appcues Appcues is a user experience layer that accelerates growth for companies by helping them put their products to work. By creating unique user interface patterns that are customized and on-brand, Appcues enables anyone to improve conversion and reduce churn by making their product experiences user-friendly and personalized. With Appcues, any company that is investing in its product can make it more usable and feature-rich for customers.
Founded in 2013 in Boston, Massachusetts, companies depend on Appcues to improve user engagement and product adoption rates. Learn more at www.appcues.com and follow us on Twitter @Appcues.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005416/en/
CONTACT: Appcues
Kate Gundry, 617-797-5174
appcues@pluckpr.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING
SOURCE: Appcues
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005416/en
As investigations continue into whether ExxonMobil misled investors by failing to report its own scientists' predictions about global warming, the company and other fossil fuel titans are being challenged on another legal front.
Marin and San Mateo counties, along with the City of Imperial Beach in California, are taking 37 companies and trade groups to court. They claim the defendants knew about the threats posed by burning fossil fuels years ago, and now, as adaptation costs loom, these communities want the companies to pay damages.
“The basic claim here is that, as sea levels rise, coastal property is lost; homes are at increased risk of severe storms and flooding from extreme precipitation events; and that critical infrastructure has already been impacted and is at risk of increased impacts,” explains Columbia law professor Michael Burger. “We're talking about roads, bridges, hospitals and all kinds of infrastructure that make up the communities within these counties and cities.”
“The plaintiffs seek to have the companies pay for a number of different types of costs, including the costs of adaptation to climate impacts from sea level rise, as well as costs associated even with studying the issue, planning to address the issue, development of adaptation plans and implementation of those plans,” Burger says.
At the heart of these claims is something called the public nuisance doctrine.
“The idea of the public nuisance doctrine is that certain resources and rights to health and well-being are held in common by the public, and that private actors can infringe upon those rights and create a nuisance that is not just a nuisance to you or me as a homeowner or a property owner or a person with our own bodies, but, in fact, causes harms to goods that are possessed by all of the members of the state.”
This is not the first time that common law claims have been brought around climate change, Burger points out, although the latest suits have a couple of new wrinkles.
In 2005, a number of states and cities, as well as some environmental organizations and land trusts, claimed the five largest power companies in the United States should be held liable for the public nuisance of climate change, Burger explains. That case, which was known as "Connecticut v. American Electric Power," eventually made its way to the Supreme Court. The Court ruled that the common law claims were preempted by the Clean Air Act. Since Congress had acted on the issue already, through legislation, there was no further room for the courts to act.
But, importantly, Burger says, that was a federal common law claim of public nuisance. The current lawsuits allege state common law claims. So far, no court has really addressed the issue of whether state common law claims can survive.
Like the tobacco litigation of the 1990s, the climate change lawsuits “rely on a long history of corporate knowledge and obfuscation to make their claims,” Burger says. “What these counties and cities are saying is that the fossil fuel industry knew that [their actions] were going to cause climate change,” they explain. “They hid that fact as much as they could. They lied about it. They paid others to lie about it, and they've been holding on as long as they can to their existing business models, and as a consequence they should pay for the damages.”
These cases might be dismissed immediately for any number of reasons, Burger notes. The courts could rule that that climate change is a political question that ought to be resolved by Congress and the Executive Branch. They might say that it's impossible, ultimately, to prove causation; they also might say that federal laws preempt state laws.
“These companies were extracting fossil fuels under license from the federal government when they were doing it within the United States, and in most, if not all, circumstances, with permits and licenses from foreign governments, when they were doing it abroad. So, it is certainly [possible] that these cases will disappear fairly quickly,” Burger says.
That said, Burger adds, “we're in a much different place than we were five years ago. The knowledge about how long these companies have known about climate change, what they did to obscure the public debate about climate change, is much more well-grounded than it was even back then.”
“These lawsuits are a type of lawsuit that those of us in the field have been waiting a long time for,” they note. “We've been wondering when these public nuisance state common law claims would be brought — and here they are.”
This article is based on an interview that aired on PRI's Living on Earth with Steve Curwood.
From Living on Earth ©2017 World Media Foundation
Image via YouTube.
Alex Jones, the radio personality and conspiracy theorist who may be wider than they are long, is currently involved in a child custody trial in Austin, Texas with their ex-wife Kelly Jones. In the trial, Jones has been forced to reckon with their career of dangerous misinformation and pseudo-cult leadership, and they have attempted to do so with the argument that their entire public persona is an act, and with that defense, they join a host of famous men who want to be taken seriously until they don't.
Advertisement
At a pretrial hearing, their attorney Randall Wilhite argued that to use Jones's Infowars personality to judge Jones as a father would be, according to the Austin Statesman like “judging Jack Nicholson in a custody dispute based on their performance as the Joker in Batman.”
“He's playing a character,” Wilhite said. “He is a performance artist.”
Advertisement
Kelly Jones countered in their own testimony, “He is not a stable person... They say they want to break Alec Baldwin's neck. They want J. Lo to get raped.”
“I'm concerned that they are engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress... they broadcast from home. The children are there, watching them broadcast.”
The case now depends on a jury's ability to distinguish between the public and private Alex Jones, and whether the purported difference between the two personas might make a difference with regard to their parenting.
Sponsored
It's overly generous to take Alex Jones or their attorney at their word, but to indulge them briefly, any reasonable consumer of media would have no valid reason to doubt that Jones believes what they preach. Infowar purports to be a news-from-a-specific-deranged-viewpoint media company, and, in support of that role, has interviewed exactly one presidential candidate—the same one who later called Jones to thank them for their influence after they won the most recent election. Jones “reports” “facts” sold as absolute truth, even when there is no evidence to support them (more likely, there's hard evidence disproving them)—most recently, Jones promoted the Pizzagate scandal which alleged that Hillary Clinton and John Podesta ran a child sex-trafficking ring in the basement of a pizza-and-ping pong restaurant in Washington DC. Jones later apologized for their role in spreading the conspiracy, which influenced numerous “concerned citizens” to call the pizza place with death threats; one North Carolina man traveled to DC to “self-investigate,” during which time they fired shots with an assault rifle inside the restaurant. The man was later arrested.
Jones has suggested that 9/11 was an inside job; they often make commentary fueled exclusively by their “gut;” he's paid Infowars viewers to wear t-shirts calling Bill Clinton a rapist; they are obsessed with the evils of birth control and the almost religiously redeeming power of male virility, leading to this spectacular spread on their website:
Image via InfoWars.
And, in addition to providing news for a large, increasingly politically-active chunk of the country, he's also become an important influence on President Donald Trump, a man who is highly susceptible to flattery, reads very little, and carries the nuclear football.
Advertisement
Their attorney's request that a jury looks past Jones's bombastic, paranoid persona—a persona that is having massive real world impact—and see them instead as a loving, attentive father, is one that a number of famously naughty men have attempted to employ in the past few months (and, surely, forever). Remember Hulk Hogan requested that their public wrestling character, one who boasted about their sexual exploits and the size of their penis, be viewed as a separate entity from Terry Bollea, private citizen—a major point in the argument was the revelation that Bollea's penis was smaller than Hogan's imaginary one. Similarly, during the election, Trump claimed that brutally sexist comments made about Carly Fiorina and others were made “as an entertainer,”—not as Trump the thoughtful man and potential world leader.
“It all goes hand-in-hand. And much of the—many of the statements—and, if you notice, I'm leading with women,” they said to Fox News in 2015. “Many of those comments are made as an entertainer, because I did The Apprentice. It was one of the top shows on television. I decided not to do it again because I wanted to run for president. But some comments are made as an entertainer. And, as everybody said, as an entertainer [it] is a much different ballgame.”
On the flip side, how many times have we been asked to separate a man's art from their personal life? Mel Gibson, Woody Allen, and Roman Polanski, among scores of others, have all been granted the luxury of having their work separated from their flawed manhood, and any attempts at reconciling the two produce only a series of tired shrugs and a change in topic of conversation.
Advertisement
An asshole by any other name (Alex Jones, say, or Donald Trump), would suck just as hard. At what point can we stop with the dialectical backflips?
STOCKHOLM (AP) — An American scientist who shared this year's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards' gala banquet, saying that U.S. scientists are facing funding cutbacks that will hurt research.
Michael Rosbash, who was honored for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government funding such as that received by them and Nobel colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered.
"We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States. Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research ... (but) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support cannot be taken for granted," Rosbash said in a short speech Sunday night at Stockholm's ornate city hall.
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars.
"Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II," Rosbash said. "Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country, including its great record in scientific research."
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions.
"We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups," said Ishiguro, who was born in Japan.
They said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity.
"The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal. We don't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes. Rather it's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavor," they said.
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo, a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared their struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year's Nobel's Peace Prize.
Setsuko Thurlow, who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated their Japanese city during the final weeks of World War II, spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left them buried under the rubble, but they were able to see light and crawl to safety. In the same way, the campaign to which they belong is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons, they said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October.
"Our light now is the ban treaty," Thurlow said. "I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima: 'Don't give up. Keep pushing. See the light? Crawl toward it.'"
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three. To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries.
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn, who accepted the prize along with Thurlow, said that while the treaty is far from ratification "now, at long last, we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons."
"This is the way forward. There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them," Fihn said.
The prize winners were announced in October. All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday.
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for their work in behavioral economics; American physicists Kip Thorne, Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland, American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy.
___
Heintz reported from Moscow.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Philadelphia city workers have cleared out two homeless encampments populated mostly by men and women addicted to heroin.
Police on Wednesday read eviction notices to residents, who packed up their belongings, stuffing some in shopping carts. Sanitation workers then threw mattresses, tents, tables and other debris into garbage trucks and power washed the areas.
The action marked the end of a monthlong effort by the city to get help for those in the encampments and make the Kensington neighborhood safer.
City officials say more than 120 people from the encampments have accepted services, and nearly four dozen entered treatment.
But they acknowledge some of those forced to move will not have access to shelter and will likely just move on to other homeless encampments.
NEW YORK (AP) — Hundreds of public school teachers in New York City have landed tickets to the hottest show on Broadway.
Some 400 teachers from schools in all five boroughs will attend Wednesday night's performance of the sold-out, Tony Award-winning musical “Hamilton.”
The teachers were selected by the city's Department of Education and via a lottery held by Teach For America-New York, a nonprofit educational organization. Barclays is also involved in the performance for educators through a partnership with the organization and the Education Department.
The Broadway show's organizers hope the musical's message of diversity and inclusiveness will resonate with educators and their students.
The teachers going to the show are educators who teach a variety of subjects in schools across the city.
Zionist Union chairperson slams Yesh Atid party, says theirs is the 'only option' for replacing PM Netanyahu.
Zionist Union party head Avi Gabbay responded Wednesday to a poll showing that the Yesh Atid party would receive three more seats than their own party were elections to be held today.
The poll showed the leading Likud party as receiving 33 seats, with runner-up Yesh Atid receiving 18 and the Zionist Union receiving 15.
"Yesh Atid has raised a political white flag, and wants to join Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's government," Gabbay told Radio 103. "This leaves the Zionist Union as the only option for replacing Netanyahu's rule."
In the interview, Gabbay also spoke about their Tuesday meeting with Pope Francis.
"The Pope wanted to meet me," they said. "We spoke about the situation in the Middle East, and they told me that if they attack the Jewish nation and the State of Israel's right to exist, that is anti-Semitism for the sake of anti-Semitism."
Gabbay attacked Yesh Atid on Tuesday as well, claiming that Yesh Atid Chairman Yair Lapid "flip-flopped" and that their party are "traitors to the the voters and the whole camp."
"Love Symbol #2" by the Pantone Color Institute.
"Purple Rain" now has its own color.The Prince Estate and Pantone Color Institute have announced the creation of a custom hue of purple inspired by the music icon called Love Symbol #2."The (naturally) purple hue, represented by their 'Love Symbol #2' was inspired by their custom-made Yamaha purple piano, which was originally scheduled to go on tour with the performer before their untimely passing at the age of 57," Pantone said in a press release . "The color pays tribute to Prince's indelible mark on music, art, fashion and culture."
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — Low temperatures and high humidity brought sleet and snow flurries on Datun Mountain and relentless snow on Taipingshan Mountain last night.
Yilan District
Snow began to fall in the Taipingshan National Forest Recreational Area in Yilan District last night and has yet to let up, according to CNA.
The Ministry of Forestry suggests that tourists should not attempt to drive or climb the mountain right now, as deciphering the depth of snowy areas can be difficult, and suggests drivers in the surrounding areas exercise extreme caution.
(Image from CNA)
The Ministry of Forestry said that 8 cm (3 in) of snow fell on Taipingshan around the 2,000 km above sea level mark as of 3 p.m. yesterday.
Around 8 p.m. yesterday snow fell around the 1,150 km above sea level mark.
Yangmingshan District
Last night Dautun Mountain received light sleet around the 1,000 km above sea level mark, according to CNA.
Initially chained vehicles were released onto Yangmingshan district roads and a first level traffic supervision plan was implemented to control the flow of traffic along the roads in preparation for dangerous conditions.
(Image from CNA)
By this morning, however, the sleet had faded and did not leave behind dangerous, icy conditions. The Department of Transportation said that beginning at 8 a.m. today, traffic on Yangde Boulevard (仰德大道) will be managed like a regular weekend day.
Traffic is steady in the area as of early afternoon today.
ROME (AP) — Azeglio Vicini, who coached Italy to a third-place finish as host of the 1990 World Cup, has died. They were 84.
The Italian soccer federation said Wednesday that Vicini died in their hometown of Brescia, without providing further details.
Vicini coached Italy from 1986-91 and also guided the Azzurri to the semifinals of the 1988 European Championship.
During the 1990 World Cup, Italy's only loss was a penalty shootout defeat to Argentina and Diego Maradona in the semifinals.
The federation said that a moment of silence will be observed to mourn Vicini before Wednesday's Italian Cup semifinal match between AC Milan and Lazio, and before all Serie A matches this weekend.
Vicini is survived by their wife and three children.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
New York (AP) — Cocoa futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Monday: (10 metric tons; $ per ton)
Open High Low Settle Change Dec 1917 Up 25 Mar 1904 1953 1901 1912 Up 25 May 1906 1952 1900 1909 Up 23 Jul 1921 1966 1916 1922 Up 20 Sep 1939 1982 1933 1938 Up 18 Dec 1961 2004 1955 1962 Up 19 Mar 1989 2011 1983 1985 Up 19 May 2028 2028 2000 2002 Up 19 Jul 2043 2043 2016 2018 Up 21 Sep 2056 2056 2026 2033 Up 22
By Rahul Lal
The NBA Draft, the first big event of the offseason, is Thursday, June 22. Top prospects are tantalizingly close to realizing their dreams, or at least taking that next step toward NBA relevance. Lesser prospects may find themselves passed over in those 60 picks spread over two rounds.
As basketball fans put themselves in the minds of NBA executives, who better to talk about the upcoming draft than Jon Rothstein, CBS Sports Network college basketball insider? Jon shared their opinions about what to expect next week in the NBA Draft and going forward into the 2017-18 NBA season.
CBS Sports Network's NBA Draft coverage continues with re-airings of recent shows this week and three new shows on Tuesday, June 20.
Some of the most impressive and NBA-ready prospects are coming out of the college game. Is college basketball at an all-time high talent-wise? What effect are one-and-done prospects having on the game?
When it's mandatory that kids have to go to college for at least a year, it galvanizes college basketball. It allows people, when they're getting ready for the season, to put guys in bold print who can have a major impact. But we've seen very few teams win national titles with one-and-done players. Kentucky did it in 2012 with Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, and Duke did it in 2015 with Justise Winslow, Jahlil Okafor and Tyus Jones. But look at some of the other teams that have won national championships: Louisville was a veteran team in 2013; [in] 2014, Connecticut was a veteran team and [in] ‘16 and ‘17, Villanova and North Carolina were veteran teams. So there's a good balance right now in college basketball.
Is this draft as elite as everybody predicts?
The one thing that this NBA Draft has is an abundance of guards who can make a major impact at the NBA level. When you look right now at the NBA, it's being dominated by guys who can have an impact at the lead guard position. You've seen it throughout the NBA more and more over the past decade.
Since there's so many of those guys available who have the potential to be stars at the next level, that's why the buzz is what it is about in the 2017 draft. You've got the star power at the top and then a couple other guys involved who can be really, really interesting.
Point guards Markelle Fultz, Lonzo Ball, De'Aaron Fox, Dennis Smith Jr. and Frank Ntilikina should all go top 10 this year. After watching them all year, what's your opinion on their talent?
One thing you have to look at when discussing the point guards in this draft is that they're almost like different types of sports cars. How does somebody decide whether they want a Lamborghini instead of a Porsche? A BMW or Jaguar?
When you look at Markelle Fultz, he's a combo guard who can affect the game in a number of ways. He's a combo scorer, a very good athlete. But a big concern about them is they didn't play well enough to make their team a viable threat in the Pac-12. The argument is [that] that team would've been an NCAA tournament team if Dejounte Murray and Marquese Chriss went back to school. That altered what Washington could be. But, he's more of a combo guard who can play both guard spots, similar to Dwyane Wade when they came out of Marquette.
Lonzo Ball is the ultimate table-setter in this draft. He can make everybody around them better at a higher level than anybody else in the draft. The example that I use is Bryce Alford. Alford was a really good player at UCLA during the first three years of their career, but averaged career highs in field-goal percentage and three-point percentage because they played with Ball. They single-handedly transcended that program.
>>MORE: 2017 NBA Draft: Top 5 Prospects
De'Aaron Fox is more of a speed guard, similar in mold to John Wall, except there are some different intricacies on offense. You love their ball security. They only committed two turnovers in the final 64 minutes that they played last season against UCLA and North Carolina. They only made 17 threes last season for Kentucky — that's a concern. Shooting is the one thing that can be rectified at the NBA level.
When you look at Dennis Smith, you have to look at a guy who can be like a young Steve Francis coming out of Maryland. These four guys all have the ability to go into the NBA and anchor a lead guard position for 10 years.
As far as Frank Ntilikina, I would delay expectations. He's more of an athlete right now than somebody who is going to blow you away. They can be more steady on offense and effective on defense.
Josh Jackson has received a lot of praise lately, projecting as high as the second pick in the draft. What stands out about their game, and what could they improve on?
Josh Jackson is an alpha dog who, right now, has the ability to have a great impact on the game by not demanding shots. When you look at it from a coaching perspective, the one thing you think about is shot distribution and whose hands the ball is in. Jackson, because of their intangibles last season, had the ability to impact the game without shooting. Thirteen games with 10 rebounds or more but, for somebody who people were concerned about in terms of their shooting ability, they really did a good job of making shots late in the season. They say they can't shoot, but they shot just under 40 percent from three. In the NCAA Tournament alone, when you study the numbers, five of 13 from three? Not terrible.
Jonathan Isaac, Malik Monk and Jayson Tatum should all be called early. All three of them bring something different to the table, how do they project at the next level?
Jonathan Isaac had a really good impact defensively because of their speed and how they worked on ball screens. Some of the easy baskets they got in college they won't necessarily get in the NBA. But they could evolve into a more consistent outside shooter. Their body reminds you a bit of Rashard Lewis who had a good run in the NBA for a long time.
Malik Monk is a shooting guard trapped in a point guard's body. He's not a point guard, but they don't have the size to be a two-guard in the NBA. One thing they can do is shoot the basketball at a high clip. They made over 100 threes last year, had 14 games with four or more made threes. If you're projecting them at the next level, they have a chance to be a dynamite first guard off the bench.
Jayson Tatum is the guy that most resembles a Carmelo Anthony-caliber scorer in this draft. When you scouted them last year in the ACC, they were probably pounded for pound the best player in that conference. They didn't play with a true point guard, [so] there was nobody to set the table for him. When you look at Jayson Tatum, if you can put them with somebody who can get them shots, it could open up a whole ‘nother can of worms.
Front-court players are pretty thin this year. Which players stand out to you?
I felt all along that Zach Collins was underrated and the epitome of efficiency. If they played at Duke or Kentucky, they would be part of the vernacular of college basketball. Seven-foot, great hands, they had 10 [points], six [rebounds] and two [blocks] in only 17 minutes a game at 65 percent from the field. We saw what they could be in the final four from a production standpoint. That's one person who comes to mind, though he's got a ways to go defensively.
Also, the way Lauri Markkanen can shoot the ball puts them into a different stratosphere, because so much of the NBA right now is based on spacing and shooting. They were been a really good shooter last year; they made 69 threes. You're looking at a guy who shot 42 percent from three. They can have a Ryan Anderson-type impact in the NBA.
If you could pick one player who would hit the ground running in the NBA, who would it be?
When you look at the ability to transcend teams and franchises, you have to look at Lonzo Ball as somebody who's going to be an NBA star and a multi-year all-star. People forget that UCLA was a 15-17 team. And Lonzo went there and made UCLA the most entertaining team, the highest-scoring team and also the best-distributing team in college basketball. He's one of the reasons why T.J. Leaf is in position to be a mid-first round pick. They have the ability to do for players what other point guards can't.
If you had to name three sleepers for this year's draft, who would they be?
One is going to be Terrance Ferguson because of the way they shoot the basketball. He's somebody who has out-of-the-gym range. They could be in a different gym and make a shot, that's how special they are in terms of shooting. He's a straight bucket-getter, and they are a much more willing defender now. [He has] good length and has the ability to stretch the defense.
Semi Ojeleye has a major impact because of their physique and their ability to absorb contact. If you're looking for a small-ball four man in the NBA, that's Semi Ojeleye. I like that they can play different positions.
I'm really a fan of Derrick White from Colorado. They have great size, can handle the ball and has a great story. There are still a lot of miles on the tank and a lot of room to grow in terms of their ceiling.
CBS Sports Network is airing six one-hour draft shows leading up to the NBA Draft on June 22, 2017. Draft coverage includes more analysis of the top prospects, along with breakdowns of players by position.
New shows will air Tuesday, June 20, starting at 7 p.m. ET.
Rahul Lal is an LA native stuck in a lifelong, love-hate relationship with the Lakers, Dodgers and Raiders. You can follow them on Twitter here.
Chairman Idan Greenbaum of the Jordan Valley Regional Council ordered on Thursday the confiscation of a herd of cattle owned by Arabs that had gone on a field in one of the kibbutzim of the Jordan Valley from pre-Six Day War Israel, according to nrg. The move, made in accordance with special auxiliary regulation and in coordination with law enforcement agencies, follows a chain of severe harassment and damage to fields and agricultural equipment.
Noting the lack of action in the past out of fear of a harmful response by the livestock owners, Greenbaum said, "... It is clear to me that in the coming days we will have a hard time keeping an eye on them and we will have to be alert to the response of the owners of the flocks, whose harmful effects have caused us damage for a long time. We are determined to convey a strong message that will not be forgotten for a long time." I am in contact with the Israel Police and the Erez unit. I have no doubt that they are as aware as we are of what may happen and I expect them to receive all the necessary assistance and protection. "
Getty Image
Week 4 went very well in this space, as we handed out winners to the tune of a 4-1 record. Fortunately, the biggest handicapping story of the week did not, in fact, come back to bite us, as the Kansas City Chiefs produced a backdoor cover for the ages on Monday night against Washington. In short, KC's Justin Houston scampered into the end zone with no time remaining to swing everyone's bets on the total but, mercifully, we were spared by getting the best of the total early in the week (always get the best number, kids) and this paragraph would probably read in different fashion if not for that good fortune.
Before we get into the Week 5 slate, let's pause and see where we're at for the full campaign.
Last Week: 4-1
Season: 13-7
Let's roll to the picks and, this time around, everything is focused on the Sunday slate.
Giants and Chargers UNDER 45 points
The Giants have scored 20-plus points in back-to-back (!) games but that won't scare us away from the Under in this spot. Los Angeles is absolutely inventing ways to lose this season (with three losses by a field goal or less) but it hasn't been the defense that is costing the Chargers games in their new city. To me, this feels a lot like a 20-17 game in which both offenses struggle mightily against two talented defensive groups.
Frankly, I have no idea who actually emerges victorious in the battle of defeated teams but, when 80 percent of the action is on the over and the total aren't moving, that is usually a good indication to go the other way. Give me all the punts.
Bills and Bengals UNDER 39.5 points
Buffalo is, somehow, flat-out nasty on the defensive side of the ball and the results speak for themselves with 17 or fewer points allowed in every game. This week, the Bills get a beautiful match-up against the Bengals offense and, well, let's just say I'm not buying the Andy Dalton renaissance after one victory over the hapless Browns.
This line is (very) low and I get that but I don't see the Bengals scoring more than two touchdowns and it isn't as if the Bills are likely to go on the road and post a big offensive number. Hold your nose and root for field goals all day in Cincinnati.
Jets and Browns UNDER 39.5 points
This is, quite simply, a principle play. The Browns are 30th in defensive DVOA and that is a bit scary but Cleveland does have some personnel on that side of the ball and, more than anything, this is a fade of both offenses. I can't fathom a scenario in which I would give out the Over in this game given the two teams battling here and, anytime you get a total under 40 in the NFL, it usually means there is a reason.
I'd never forgive myself if I left this game off the slate. It just would be a departure from the brand.
Rams and Seahawks UNDER 23.5 points in the first half
The Rams have topped 35 points on three occasions this season and all of the momentum is on both Los Angeles and the over in this spot. Naturally, we're going the other way.
We can probably agree that the Seahawks are the best defense that Jared Goff and company has seen this season and, even if you think they aren't quite as good as Washington (I disagree), the Rams scuffled to only 20 points in that particular match-up. Moreover, Seattle's offense has been notoriously slow-starting in the recent past and the first half number is jumping off the screen from an Under perspective.
For the record, I like the full-game Under as well but the first half is the play in this space.
Chiefs and Texans UNDER 23.5 points in the first half
The full-game line here is a field goal too high and it is easy to see why. The Texans scored 33 points in a loss to the Patriots before exploding for 57 (!) points in a win over Oakland. That has led to everyone buying in on Deshaun Watson as the “next big thing” and, while that may be true, it is time to slow things down a bit.
Basically, the Patriots are, well, terrible on defense and that same sentiment applies to the Raiders right now. Are the Chiefs the '85 Bears? No, but this is a big step up in competition and it takes place on a national stage. The other side of the ball isn't particularly scary to me in that the Chiefs have been quite good on offense but the Texans' defense is legitimate and this could be a (somewhat) conservative game plan from Andy Reid.
I understand completely if you want to avoid the full game Under in this spot but the first half is usually the truer outcome and I love this pick.
ILOILO CITY—A P3.5-million chicken dispersal project implemented by the Iloilo City government is marked by various irregularities including underweight stocks delivered to beneficiaries, an investigation report showed.
Most of the 2,875 chicks distributed to indigent families weighed below the prescribed 300 grams as stipulated in the project contract with supplier Foodwealth Agrovet, according to a report of lawyer Joan Montaño, head of the city government's internal audit office.
In an eight-page report to acting Iloilo City Mayor Jose Espinosa III, Montaño said some of the chicks were also sickly or died shortly after these were distributed.
ADVERTISEMENT
Those chicks also did not undergo certification by the city veterinarian before these were distributed, according to the report.
Montaño also noted that some beneficiaries received two instead of one set of chicks (a rooster and four hens).
Most of the beneficiaries were also not competent and knowledgeable in breeding chickens.
Espinosa ordered the suspension of the implementation of the project and an investigation amid reports of irregularities. The city council was also conducting a separate investigation.
The chicken dispersal is intended as a livelihood project for poor families who are also recipients of the government's Pantawid Pamilyang Pilipino Program.
It is a component of the P10.37-million Integrated Community Food Production Program of the National Anti-Poverty Commission which funds the project and implemented by the city government.
Under the project, Foodwealth Agrovet will provide each beneficiary a rooster and four hens costing P198.50 each.
A total of 17,000 chickens amounting to P3,473,750 are intended to be distributed to beneficiaries.
ADVERTISEMENT
Montaño said in their report that the beneficiaries were not allowed to replace or reject stocks that were unhealthy.
The distribution in four districts in the city was also completed contrary to the project term that 2,500 heads should be distributed in all seven districts.
Some of the beneficiaries also transferred the chicks to their hometowns or gave them to their relatives due to lack of space to raise them in the city and financial constraints.
Getty Image
The Houston Rockets went off on Monday night, dropping in 50 points in a quarter against the Minnesota Timberwolves in Game 4 to take a commanding 3-1 series lead back to Houston.
The third quarter outburst was historic, as Houston became the second team in NBA history to score 50 in a quarter. The 30-point scoring advantage made it an easy win on Monday night. When the feat was mentioned on Tuesday, however, Rockets coach Mike D'Antoni demurred to praise their team for a “mark” they said didn't matter.
Like, you know, getting a lot of triple-doubles. That clearly doesn't matter much to D'Antoni, who called the two achievements “cute.”
Getty Image
Wilco and frontman Jeff Tweedy have never been afraid to speak their minds politically, nor have they ever backed down from opponents of their views, so it's no surprise to see them rise to the occasion with the country in turmoil with the events in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The group returned with a new song titled “All Lives, Really?” dedicated to Tweedy's late father Robert L. Tweedy, with proceeds from the track going to the Southern Poverty Law Center. “My dad was named after a Civil War general,” Tweedy said on Facebook. “He voted for Barack Obama twice. They used to say ‘If you know better, you can do better.' America – we know better. We can do better.”
With the new song, Wilco joins the vociferous mass of musicians speaking out against the events in Charlottesville, and the beliefs of the white supremacists, neo-Nazis and neo-Confederates who participated in the gatherings and protests. One woman died after a man reportedly linked to the hate groups plowed into a group of protesters who showed up to oppose the initial groups and their hate-speach.
Steam Wilco's “All Lives, You Say?” below and purchase/donate on their Bandcamp page here.
Unsplash
2017 has been a banner year for cheap flights around the world. In fact, overall prices for long-haul flights fell by seven percent. That's great if you want to fly to Europe for the first time or finally see Bangkok's famed street markets.
Over the last year or two airlines like WOWair, Norwegian, and AirAsia have been offering insanely cheap one way flights over the Atlantic for as little as $89 one way. Of course, there's a big caveat here. Those prices rarely include seat assignments, onboard food or drinks, checked luggage, or even carry on bags. Still, if you're willing to ride hard and fast over the Atlantic, you can now get there for less than a hundred dollar bill.
Well, 2018 is likely going to be even better. British Airways and Air France are officially getting into the budget airlines game with crazy cheap flights around Europe and competitive long-haul fares between the continents.
Air France launched Joon on December 1st. Their new budget airline is aimed squarely at “hipster millennials” and tech-savvy travelers. They're already offering flights around Europe for $46 each way from Orly in Paris. By spring, they'll have flights from Europe to South America and the Indian Ocean (Seychelles) for about $250 each way with plans to tackle the Trans-Atlantic market to the USA by summer.
British Airway's Level started up last summer and aims at a broader base. They're targeting millennials, families, and weekend warriors onto their well-fitted flights. They're already offering flights between Europe and New York, Montreal, Boston, Los Angeles, Oakland, and Buenos Aires for as low as $149 each way.
What these big carriers seem to have caught on to is that there's more to budget travel than just flights between Europe and America. Both have added South America and Asia to their destinations, opening a whole new world of exploration for budget travelers. And with at least two new airlines throwing their hat in the budget airfare ring, there's sure to be some interesting price wars on our travel horizons throughout 2018.
🇪🇸 Trendy stroll through #Barcelona with @mglenriquez! What's your next destination? A post shared by JOON (@weflyjoon) on Oct 9, 2017 at 7:12am PDT
(Via Travel + Leisure)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
An infant who was brought in serious condition to the entrance of Be'er Sheva' after drowning has been transferred to the city's Soroka Hospital.
The six-month-old boy was admitted in critical condition.
1633 California St., #204 (Polk)
5810 Mission St. (Outer Mission)
3459 Divisadero St. (Marina)
443 8th Ave., #2 (Inner Richmond)
1040 Sutter St., #22 (Lower Nob Hill)
Curious just how far your dollar goes in San Francisco?We've rounded up the latest rental listings via rental site Zumper to get a sense of what to expect when it comes to finding an apartment in San Francisco with a budget of $2,600 / month.Take a look at the listings, below. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)---Here's a one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment at 1633 California St. that's going for $2,600 / month.In the unit, you'll get hardwood floors, a walk-in closet, a stove, French doors, large windows and plenty of cabinet space. Animals are not welcome. Building amenities include on-site management and secured entry.Walk Score indicates that the surrounding area has excellent walkability, is quite bikeable and has excellent transit.(Check out the complete listing here .)Next, check out this 965-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom residence that's located at 5810 Mission St. It's also listed for $2,600 / month.In the unit, you'll get hardwood floors, a dishwasher, a balcony, bay windows, stainless steel appliances and granite countertops. Building amenities include an elevator, assigned parking, on-site management and additional storage space. Pets are not permitted.According to Walk Score's assessment, the surrounding area is very walkable, is relatively bikeable and has good transit options.(See the complete listing here .)Located at 3459 Divisadero St., here's a studio apartment that's listed for $2,600/ month.In the unit, you can expect hardwood floors, a walk-in closet, floor-to-ceiling windows, a stove and built-in bookshelves. When it comes to building amenities, expect on-site laundry, garage parking and on-site management. Neither cats nor dogs are welcome.Per Walk Score ratings, this location is a "walker's paradise," is very bikeable and is a haven for transit riders.(See the complete listing here .)Here's a one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment at 443 8th Ave. that's going for $2,595 / month.The apartment features carpeting, plenty of closet space, an oven and wooden cabinetry. Garage parking is available as a building amenity. Animals are not permitted.According to Walk Score, this location has excellent walkability, is a "biker's paradise" and is a haven for transit riders.(See the full listing here .)Located at 1040 Sutter St., here's a one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment that's also listed for $2,595 / month.In the apartment, you'll find hardwood floors, a dishwasher, stainless steel appliances and ample natural light. If you've got a pet, you'll be happy to learn that cats and dogs are allowed. Building amenities include on-site laundry.Per Walk Score ratings, the surrounding area is extremely walkable, is convenient for biking and is a haven for transit riders.(Take a gander at the complete listing here .)
TORONTO (AP) — Toronto police say driver in deadly van attack posted 'cryptic' Facebook message minutes before incident.
Transcript for The 121st Boston Marathon included the first woman to officially run the race 50 years ago
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives, President Donald Trump's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others.
At a time when Trump finds themselves embattled on many fronts, the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of their base. Leaders of that constituency were exultant.
"President Trump is demonstrating their commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom," said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
Liberal advocacy groups, including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights, were outraged.
"The Trump administration is saying to employers, 'If you want to discriminate, we have your back,'" said Fatima Goss Graves, president of National Women's Law Center.
Them organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court. The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued.
"The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their boss' religious beliefs," said ACLU senior staff attorney Brigitte Amiri. "We're filing this lawsuit because the federal government cannot authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise."
Xavier Becerra, the Democratic attorney general of California, said they planned to file a similar lawsuit as soon as feasible. Other Democratic attorneys general said they were mulling the same step.
Both directives had been in the works for months, with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details.
The religious-liberty directive, issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated. The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held.
"Except in the narrowest circumstances, no one should be forced to choose between living out their or their faith and complying with the law," Sessions wrote.
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document, the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee's willingness "to adhere to a code of conduct." Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships, among other behavior.
The Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative Christian law firm, called it "a great day for religious freedom." But JoDee Winterhof of the Human Rights Campaign, a national LGBT-rights group, depicted the two directives as "an all-out assault, on women, LGBT people and others" as the administration fulfilled a "wish list" of the religious right.
The new policy on contraception, issued by the Department of Health and Human Services, allows more categories of employers, including publicly traded companies, to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections — another step in rolling back President Barack Obama's health care law that required most companies to cover birth control at no additional cost.
Employers with religious or moral qualms will also be able to cover some birth control methods, and not others. Experts said that could interfere with efforts to promote modern long-acting implantable contraceptives, such as IUDs, which are more expensive.
The top Democrat in the House of Representatives, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, said the birth-control rollback was despicable.
"This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception," they said.
On the Republican side, however, House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision, calling it "a landmark day for religious liberty."
The new policy took effect on Friday, but its impact won't be known immediately and may not be dramatic.
"I can't imagine that many employers are going to be willing to certify that they have a moral objection to standard birth control methods," said Dan Mendelson, president of the consulting firm Avalere Health.
Nonetheless, they worried that the new rules would set a precedent for undermining basic health benefits required under federal law. The administration has estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of female employees paying with their own money for birth control pills has plunged to 3 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Many Catholic hospitals now rely on an Obama-era workaround under which the government pays for the cost of birth control coverage. That workaround can continue under the new rules.
Despite that workaround, there have been extensive legal battles waged by religious institutions and other parties challenging the birth-control mandate. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops hailed the new policy as a "return to common sense" that would enhance "peaceful coexistence" between church and state.
Doctors' groups that were instrumental in derailing Republican plans to repeal Obama's health law outright expressed their dismay.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
"Instead of fulfilling its mission 'to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health," said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
———
Crary reported from New York. Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Eric Tucker in Washington and Religion Writer Rachel Zoll in New York contributed to this report.
