1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
The cost of school crossing guards will grow by about $580,000 over the next two years as the minimum wage rises to $15 an hour, a report to the upcoming Toronto Police Services Board shows.
Toronto Police employ 769 school crossing guards who earn hourly wages ranging from 11.90 to $14.44 -- depending on years of service.
Premier Kathleen Wynne is boosting the current minimum wage of $11.60 an hour to $14 on Jan. 1, and then to $15 on Jan. 1, 2019.
The police board estimates the increased cost of bringing school crossing guards up to the new minimum wage will be $230,900 in 2018 and $352,400 in 2019, says the report to Thursday's police services board meeting.
Mayor John Tory said they don't begrudge the crossing guards a pay boost given the important work they do protecting children.
“It's not as if they were paid an exorbitant amount of money before,” Tory said Sunday. “And it's not as if they even get that many hours ... They work in this split shift arrangement, in the morning and afternoons.”
However, any time another level of government, usually the province, makes changes that impose costs on municipalities, it can be very challenging, they said.
“They simply have not given us, over time, the flexibility with respect to how we raise money to pay for a lot of this stuff,” Tory said. “And it's very frustrating for me as a mayor and I'm sure for other mayors.”
For example, cannabis legalization brings a host of new responsibilities for cities, and provincial policies around funding shelters “substantially prejudices” Toronto, they said.
The only reason that the school crossing guard pay hike would even be an issue is because it comes on top of a lot of other financial obligations that the city must shoulder, they said.
The provincial government has sent funds for some priorities, including supportive housing, they said.
But the mayor noted they do receive a lot of mail from other levels of governments pleased to inform them of new mandated initiatives.
“And then there's no cheque in the envelope,” Tory said.
The City of Toronto budget committee has already considered the impact of minimum wage hikes on its bottom line -- about $2.3 million over the next two years for parks, forestry and recreation staff alone, and millions more for other labour law changes, including three-hour standby pay and paid emergency leave.
aartuso@postmedia.com
UK productivity hurt by more workers joining service sector
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
The American Heart Association aims to raise awareness about heart health among the Las Vegas Latino community through a fun three-hour dance workout.
Thirteen renowned Zumba instructors are leading a 'Zumbathon' at JorDance Studios, 9340 West Flamingo Road, on Saturday, May 19 from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Participants are being asked to donate $10 to the American Heart Association's 'Together to End Stroke' program to secure a spot.
According to a release, stroke is the fifth leading cause of death among Latinos, yet those most at risk are likely to not know what a stroke is. This event will provide vital lifesaving information about heart disease and stroke to the Las Vegas Latino community while engaging in a fun workout.
Data shows a 5.8 percent increase in deaths from strokes among Latinos from 2013 to 2015, according to the American Heart Association.
Heart Disease and stroke were named the number one and five killers for all Americans and Nevadans. For further information, visit www.heart.org.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
The American Motorcyclist Association (AMA) has released the provisional entry lists for the 2017 Monster Energy AMA Supercross opener at Angel Stadium in Anaheim, California, this Saturday.
While you'll see a lot of riders registered in the 250 Class, not all of them will actually be on the line this Saturday. Most 250 teams enter their entire teams in case of injury. We recently put together a list of which coast each rider will ride. You can check it out here.
Also noticeable is the absence of James and Malcolm Stewart. We've heard that Malcolm is putting together their own deal on Suzukis, but may not have everything lined up in time for the opener. As for James, we haven't heard much there either.
You can view the provisional entry list for the 250 and 450 Class below.
450SX Provisional Entries — Entry Count: 58
250SX West Provisional Entries — Entry Count: 61
By Evelyn Usman
LAGOS—Six police officers have been arrested in Lagos over offences ranging from defilement, attempted murder, robbery and extortion in different parts of the state. Arrested alongside the police officers were two civilian accomplices.
This came as 33 persons were arrested for acts of jungle justice in the state.
On the police officers's arrest, one of the officers, Sergeant Sylvanus Emoche, as gathered, attempted to shoot a woman at Ajao estate area of the state.
They reportedly fired sporadically in the process of which a bullet damaged one FJ Cruiser SUV belonging to the woman identified as Mrs Okafor Oluchi, on July 24.
Mrs Oluchi was said to have resisted attempt by the police officer, who was in the company of two civilians, to remove an unregistered Honda Pilot SUV belonging to their husband, Mr Okafor David, from their compound.
Policemen from Ajao Division, who were contacted, rushed to the scene and immediately disarmed the police officer before taking them to the station with the two civilians.
However, during preliminary investigation, Sergeant Emoche was discovered to have visited the compound without the knowledge of Police authorities.
Confirming their arrest during a briefing at the Police Officers Mess, Ikeja, yesterday, Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Police Command, Fatai Owoseni, said at the time of committing the offence, the erring police officer had been demobilised from the Police Mobile Force 20 and subsequently transferred to Kogi State Police Command.
Two other police officers, according to him, were also charged for defilement. He, however, did not disclose their identities and the circumstances surrounding the case.
Furthermore, the Command boss added that three police officers— Sergeant Benjamin Oboh, Sergeant Onyenedu Kennedy, attached to Federal Anti-Robbery Squad, FSARS, Ipakodo and Sergeant Monday Ehijiator, attached to Bariga Division, were arrested for extortion.
The trio, as gathered, went to Ikeja in a Toyota Camry car with number plates JN 470 KJA, in plain clothes, where they stopped one Adeshina Quwam Adekunle, accusing them of being an internet fraudster.
The police officers, according to Owoseni, “collected N65,000 from the victim. They also used their ATM card to collect an additional N40,000 from an ATM machine. This happened on July 17.”
Speaking further, the Police boss said: “On July 19, at about 10.35a.m., at the same spot, the three police officers stopped one Ghenoba Godspower, suspecting them to be an internet fraudster again.
“He was also searched, during which N30,000 was collected from him. In the process, the Commander, Rapid Response Squad, ACP Olatunji Disu, arrived with their patrol van and arrested the police officers. Three of them were tried in an orderly room and recommended for dismissal.”
Mob action
In the same vein, 30 people, alleged to have taken part in the mob action along Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway, last week, were also paraded before journalists.
Frowning at the trend of jungle justice, Owoseni said they also injured some police officers, who attempted to prevent them from carrying out the act.
Owoseni said: “We want to use this opportunity to warn that the police and other security agencies will not fold their arms and watch people carry out jungle justice on people who may be innocent.
“We want to passionately appeal to the public to report any suspicious place they know as hideouts of suspected ritualists or kidnappers to the police.”
However, when some of the suspects were approached, they absolved themselves of involvement in the mob action.
Artie Lange's sentencing hearing postponed for rehab stay The troubled comedian was expected in court Friday but remains in rehab.
Artie Lange arrested for skipping court Lange's arrest Tuesday comes after they tweeted a disturbing picture of themselves looking disheveled and possibly injured.
Artie Lange hospitalized for high blood sugar Lange was also hospitalized in July due to their longtime drug use.
Earlier this year, 10-year-old Hannah was diagnosed with leukemia. She's now in remission and the community is invited to a fundraiser at Thompson Park in Pottsboro on Saturday, October 7 from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. There will be food, music, and a softball tournament. Click here for more info.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Tune in Now! @TrendingEZ @tambraraye TALKS HEALTH IN OUR COMMUNITY, AFRICA, AND NEW BOOK! LISTEN HERE ow.ly/RyH7i
by
I visited Sumner Hall the other day to look at the new Smithsonian exhibit, “The Way We Worked” and its allied display, “The Black Labor Experience in Kent County: Free and Enslaved; Founders and Soldiers; Tools of the Trades and Contemporary Work Stories.
I wanted a break from the interminable news about chemical warfare, battle armadas and the ever-widening divisions between countries, political groups, ethnicities and the kaleidoscope of social classifications that make up the human race.
It was quiet that afternoon in the small building on Queen Street as I walked among the artifacts on the first floor, looking at tools of the trade and read about the lives of some of Kent County African Americans who had succeeded as ex-slaves to build businesses and lives, many within a few hundred feet of Sumner Hall's location on Queen Street.
I tried to imagine even the faintest outline of the black experience in America. It's easy to read history or watch documentaries about the past, but easier for that experience to lack a connection to the core of our empathy. If we have it at all. After all, what has the past have to do with us? But a continuum of time and its events is still part of the whole and the voice of the American and world narrative is still being spoken—at least today—in every human activity from Johannesburg to Cincinnati.
It's there in ‘imagining' that for me a kind of discordance begins. It starts with the geophysical, sitting in a building restored to honor free blacks and slaves who fought and died for the North during the Civil War, on a block of town that for generations had been the home of African American families, a town that held slave auctions overlooking a river often teeming with sailboats. I doubt a black man or woman in the 18th century would delight as much seeing a white sail on the horizon. We are a long way from the kidnappings in Senegal and the depravity of the middle passage. Or are we? If 150 years after the Emancipation Proclamation human bondage is no longer the coin of the realm, its consequences—the constant re-igniting of discrimination against “the other”—still poisons us.
But what is the dissonance, the clattering of voices—not only ours, but the ones we inherited—that keep me listening as if to locate by some magical sonar a clear narrative about the things that divide us and make our lives smaller by suffocating us with prejudice, fear and disdain?
I see my father sitting at a desk in the corner of the room but it's 50 years ago.  They are in their Navy Captain's uniform and I hear laughter around them as they tell a racist joke. The party fades, the laughter dissolves.
The two exhibits at Sumner Hall are related but different in their scope. The first floor personalizes the black work experience with names and excerpts of historical records of their lives. The second floor is a lens pulled back to a panoramic shot of the wider American work experience. Here, a labyrinth of photo panels has been set up, each panel depicting people at work—black, white, Asian, men, women—all doing their jobs: women switchboard operators and train mechanics, astronauts, watermen. While it is impossible to overlook the photograph of an African-American waiter entering a train dining car filled with well-dressed white passengers, it does not close my self-enquiry.
The Smithsonian, by deftly widening the scope shared work, has invited local organizations to share in some of the historical heavy lifting, at least as far as the sharper focus on the African American experience and although the stories reveal many successes of overcoming harsh indignities it should not be lost upon us that, like a good photographic image, negative space defines it.
And there is my father, sitting at their desk behind one of the Smithsonian panels. It is 1965, 20 years after submarine combat in the Pacific and they are opening a letter, reading it, thinking about it. “It's from one of my torpedoman, thanking me for saving their lives. One of the best damn black torpedo man's mate in the g'dam Navy,” they say. But ‘black' is not the word they use.
I'm confused. Praise, derision, and contempt are a bewildering choir of messages. How do we unlearn the voices within us? And where did they come from?
Like a primitive abacus, the brain calculates and classifies the differences: other, not other, good, bad, less than, equal. The book of natural selection and adaption explaining the difference in skin color and nutritional metabolism, tribalism, and in-group trust. The human genome project even points back as far as the Pleistocene era as a marker for human discrimination between the loved in-group and the feared out-group. We have to look no farther than the recent immigration ban to feel the ancient sting of fear of otherness.
For the two exhibits at Sumner Hall to work synchronously, to walk back and forth in our minds between a 19th-century ex-slave and a white woman astronaut—Sally Ride is displayed—is to enter the cardinal inquiry. For a few minutes we can begin to sense that in our endeavor to survive we are the same, building things with our hands, working as mechanics and farmers, physicians and taxi drivers, whatever it takes to get along, to succeed, to advance, Walt Whitman's universal man.I walk through the gauntlet of the Smithsonian installation and stare into the faces of people at work. They are us. Working to live.
It is 1954, my father, mother and I are driving to Florida. At a rest stop, there is an African American, old to my 6 years. On their bicycle, they have all their worldly possessions wrapped in cloth. My father gets out of the car, talks to the man for some minutes, reaches into their pocket and gives the man some money. They return, says the man migrates to Florida every year in their bicycle.
Tomorrow they will tell a racist joke but for a moment I saw an act of kindness override their inherited attitude. It gets complicated like that and it's up to us sort through and re-evaluate our own biases and open our minds to the understanding that we are all passengers. Otherwise, we continue to throw fuel onto the burning cross.
The Smithsonian and Washington College's C.V. Starr Center for the Study of the American Experience exhibit give us a place to have this kind of meditation. It's a serious gift and Sumner Hall is the perfect place to unwrap it.
“The Way We Worked” exhibit will be at Sumner Hall through May 20th. For the many lectures, exhibits, musical performance and dramatic performances related to the event, go here.
Benchworks, The Peoples Bank, Silver Hill Farm, Phoenix Initiatives, Chesapeake Bank and Trust, The Finishing Touch, Grasmick Lumber and Shrewsbury Church are sponsors of these events. Without this kind of community and local business support, exhibits like these would never give us the opportunity to discover our shared passage of life, the commonality rather than the differences.
I remind everyone that Sumner Hall is now a self-funding private non-profit. We must work together to keep its doors open. For more information, please go here
4/18/17 – 5:35 A.M.
Forest officials are ready to enforce nuisance ordinances once again this spring. WKTN radio reports the Forest Police Department plans to enforce laws regarding garbage, tall grass, and weeds.
The department says they want to avoid issues they've had with some residents in the past. They are urging people to use a Spring Clean Up day in the village on May 20 to get rid of junk.
MORE: WKTN Radio
FILE - In this Oct. 15, 1988, file photo, Los Angeles Dodgers' Kirk Gibson celebrates as they round the bases after hitting a game-winning two-run home run in the bottom of the ninth inning to defeat the Oakland Athletics 5-4 in the first game of the World Series, at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. The Dodgers will pay tribute to one of baseball's most celebrated home runs by introducing a “Kirk Gibson seat” in right field at Dodger Stadium. Rusty Kennedy, File AP Photo
Image copyright Google Image caption The officer was injured in the graveyard of St Lawrence Church
A police officer is reported to have been knocked unconscious in an attack by a group of people at a graveyard in Kent.
The officer was injured in the grounds of St Lawrence Church on Manston Road, Ramsgate, at about 21:50 GMT on Friday.
A helicopter has been used in the search for the suspects but no arrests have been made.
The officer was treated at the scene for a head injury and has been taken to a local hospital.
In a tweet, Kent Police said: "A police officer was knocked unconscious in a graveyard.
"He has been taken to hospital as a precaution and we are currently carrying out searches to find those responsible."
Bloomberg Gadfly columnist Liam Denning explains that Aramco's debut may be delayed until oil prices jump for some reason. Even then, the underlying meaning of this IPO is why reserves yield to free cash flow when it comes to valuation -- and that $2 trillion aspiration likely yields to a harsher reality.
Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami/AP) — The first leg of the Citrus Series went to the home team.
Jose Urena and three relievers combined on a four-hitter Wednesday afternoon, and the Miami Marlins shook off the hangover from a 16-inning loss to beat Tampa Bay 3-0.
J.T. Riddle singled, tripled and homered.
The teams took the field barely 12 hours after the Rays won a 5½-hour marathon. But Urena was well-rested in their first outing since June 20, when they were sidelined by right shoulder impingement.
Urena pitched five scoreless innings and struck out six before departing for a pinch hitter after throwing 78 pitches.
Drew Rucinski (4-1) pitched two scoreless innings for their second win in the series. Brad Ziegler pitched around a walk in the ninth to earn their 10th save.
The Marlins took the series and went 5-5 on their longest homestand of the year. The Rays lost for only the third time in the past 12 games.
Riddle's RBI triple in the sixth put the Marlins ahead. The ball appeared catchable, but sailed over the head of center fielder Kevin Kiermaier near the wall.
Riddle then scored on a fielder's choice, sliding home ahead of the throw by shortstop Willy Adames on J.B. Shuck's grounder. Riddle added their fifth homer in the eighth.
After using nine pitchers Tuesday, the Rays called up right-handers Andrew Kittredge and Ryan Weber from Triple-A Durham as reinforcements. Weber (0-1) allowed two runs in five innings and was optioned after the game back to Durham.
Three Rays — Kiermaier, Daniel Robertson and Jake Bauers — started after playing all 16 innings Tuesday. They went a combined 0 for 11.
TANTRUM
When the Rays' Carlos Gomez returned to the dugout after striking out in the second inning, they took three swings at a cooler, and the resulting thuds could be heard throughout the ballpark. Gomez then punched another cooler, which sent cups flying over the dugout railing.
Despite all that solid contact, Gomez is batting only .195. They were jeered in subsequent at-bats by the crowd of 7,572.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rays: RHP Chris Archer (left abdominal strain) felt fine after a rehab start and could rejoin the rotation as early as Monday against the Tigers. … LHP Vidal Nuno (right hamstring strain), who earned the victory Tuesday and contributed two hits before they were hurt, went on the 10-day disabled list. … RH Wilmer Font (right lat strain) was transferred to the 60-day DL.
Marlins: OF Lewis Brinson (left hip inflammation), batting only .186, was placed on the 10-day disabled list. … 3B Martin Prado (left hamstring) and 1B-OF Garrett Cooper (bruised right wrist) are expected to be activated for the upcoming series at Washington. … Miami recalled LHP Dillon Peters from Triple-A New Orleans.
UP NEXT
Rays: Following a day off, the Rays play a three-game series at the Mets, with RHP Ryne Stanek (1-2, 1.98) expected to start.
Marlins: RHP Pablo Lopez (1-0, 3.00), who beat the Mets in their major league debut Saturday, is scheduled to start Thursday when Miami opens a four-game series at the Nationals.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) – The owners of the 98-foot crab boat with six people on board missing off a remote Alaska island say they are heartbroken over the loss.
The Coast Guard released a statement Monday night saying they have suspended the search for the Destination in the Bering Sea. The Coast Guard received an emergency positioning signal Saturday from the Destination northwest of St. George. Searchers found the signal device and buoys in a debris field, but no signs of its six crew members.
A spokesperson for the owners, Mike Barcott, said in an email that they are grateful for all the people who worked to try and find the crew.
Barcott says the owners will work with the Coast Guard to learn what they can to help prevent such an event from happening again.
En-Joie Golf Course is one of the best-looking golf courses in the Southern Tier, much to the credit of Superintendent, Anthony Chapman and their staff.
We're really showcasing what we can do. This is our work right here and everybody is going to see it, said Chapman.
What goes into making a golf course look so good? Chapman describes the 90 to 100 hour work week that they will clock in at this week, and said "it takes a lot of time, a lot of patience, and a lot of dedication."
The crew is working from the beginning of the year, all the way until what is known as 'advance week.' This is where the course gets fine tuned and things pick up speed.
"We have our greens throughout the year at a speed of about nine and a half to ten feet, come tournament time, we like to get them to around 12, 12 and a half feet."
To get an idea, Champions Tour green speeds are at an average of between 12 and 12 and a half feet. Fairways are key at En-Joie, with the intermediate rough cut at one and a quarter inch long, while the rough is planned to be four inches in length by Sunday.
"Due to the rain, the rough is going to be pretty heavy, it's going to be a challenge to get out of it, said Chapman."
How does this year's course condition compare to previous years? Chapman said it's "the first time I've ever seen this golf course in this pristine condition."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The big team news from The Hawthorns this afternoon is that Daniel Sturridge makes their first West Brom start - and former Southampton striker Jay Rodriguez drops to the bench.
Alan Pardew has made three changes to their side for the visit of Southampton, following Wednesday night's 3-0 defeat at runaway leaders Manchester City.
One of those was enforced - Grzegorz Krychowiak revealed before the match via their Twitter account that he'd be unavailable after being on the receiving end of a stamp by Fernandinho at the Etihad Stadium.
“Without me today, come on you Baggies, we need 3 points,” they tweeted.
Elsewhere, Ali Gabr is in attendance at The Hawthorns, though is still getting up to speed following their January move on loan from Zamalek and won't be involved.
Midfield pair Chris Brunt and Gareth Barry return to the starting XI, while Allan Nyom and Gareth McAuley feature again with Jonny Evans and Kieran Gibbs still out.
As for the visitors, they give a first start to £19m signing Guido Carrillo,
TEAMS IN FULL
Albion - Foster; Dawson, McAuley, Hegazi, Nyom; Brunt, Barry, Yacob, Phillips; Rondon, Sturridge
Subs : Myhill, Jameson, Field, Burke, McClean, Harper, Rodriguez
Saints - McCarthy; Cedric, Stephens, Hoedt, Bertrand; Lemina, Romeu, Ward-Prowse, Boufal, Tadic; Carrillo
Subs : Forster, Yoshida, Davis, Hojberg, Redmond, Gabbiadini, Long
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
US Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl is expected to plead guilty soon to desertion and misbehaviour before the enemy rather than face trial for leaving their Afghanistan post, sources said.
Bergdahl will submit the plea later this month and sentencing will start on October 23, the sources told The Associated Press.
The 31-year-old Bergdahl could face up to five years in prison on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehaviour.
Bergdahl left their Afghanistan post in 2009 and was held captive by the Taliban for about five years.
They were released in 2014 in a prisoner swap for five Taliban detainees, sparking an emotional debate about negotiating with hostage takers.
List of upcoming LIVE and Streamed GAA coverage on TG4 and www.tg4.ie
Its a very busy week of GAA and TG4 are showing two live matches and five other matches will be streamed live on their website tg4.ie, the list of matches is below.
WEDNESDAY 29 MARCH
Live online streaming on www.tg4.ie
EirGrid GAA Leinster U21 Football Championship Final
Offaly v Dublin
Live from O'Moore Park, Portlaoise
Throw-in: 7:30pm
Live online streaming on www.tg4.ie
EirGrid GAA Munster U21 Football Championship Final
Cork v Kerry
Live from Páirc Uí Rinn, Cork
Throw-in: 7:30pm
**Highlights from both games will be shown on TG4 at 10:30pm.
FRIDAY 31 MARCH
8:30pm Seó Spóirt
On this week's programme, Dara Ó Cinnéide is joined by Jack O'Connor, Diarmuid Lyng and Daragh Ó Conchúir as they preview the weekends matches in the Allianz Football and Hurling Leagues. Gemma Ní Chionnaith talks to Monaghan footballer Gavin Dougan and Wexford Hurler Matthew O'Hanlon ahead of the weekends big games.
SATURDAY 1 APRIL
All matches will be streamed live on www.tg4.ie
2:00pm Ballinrobe Community School v St Ciaran's, Ballygawley (Masita GAA All Ireland Post Primary Schools Paddy Drummond Cup – Senior B Football) – live on www.tg4.ie
4:00pm St Brendans Killarney V St. Peter's College Wexford (Masita GAA All Ireland Post Primary Schools Hogan Cup – Senior A Football) – live on www.tg4.ie
Both matches live from Croke Park
6:00pm Sligo v Galway, EirGrid Connacht GAA U21 Football Championship Final, Live from Markievicz Park -live on www.tg4.ie
SUNDAY 2 APRIL
1:30pm GAA BEO coverage begins on TG4
2:00pm Live coverage of Monaghan v Dublin from St. Tiernach's Park, Clones (Allianz Football League Round 7)
4:00pm Live coverage of Galway v Waterford from Pearse Stadium, Salthill (Allianz Hurling League Quarter Final)
5:45pm Deferred coverage of Kilkenny v Wexford from Nowlan Park (Allianz Hurling League Quarter Final)
A brave Derbyshire rape victim has spoken of their relief after the pervert who repeatedly raped them when they were a schoolgirl was jailed for 17 years.
The woman, whose identity is protected by law, is now encouraging other victims of sexual abuse to come forward and bring other rapists to justice.
Derby Crown Court heard that Terence John Beebe, 68, attacked their victim during the 1980s when they were aged between 12 and 15.
Beebe, formerly of Chesterfield, was found guilty in February of four counts of indecent assault between November, 1981, and June, 1984. At that time they were found not guilty of one count of raping the complainant between November and December 1981 but the jury failed to return a verdict on other rape allegations and a retrial was ordered on those charges.
The jury in the retrial found Beebe guilty of five rape counts from November, 1981, to February, 1985.
After the trial, the Chesterfield woman said they felt overwhelming relief that their attacker had been brought to justice.
They said the whole ordeal had been very painful period for them and their family but they praised relatives, friends and family for their support.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said: "It has been very emotional and the fact that the court has come back with a sentence of such magnitude shows that I have been vindicated.
“I was shocked by the length of sentence but it is no less than they deserve. I have never felt defined by this. I am still me and they have not taken that away from me.
"I have had nothing but exemplary treatment from the whole justice system and the police and I have been supported by my family throughout. I have nothing but praise for everyone."
They also stressed the importance for victims in similar cases to come forward to the police and bring offenders to justice and also said they were considering volunteering with a charity to help those in similar situations.
Prosecuting barrister Tony Stanford told the court that Beebe began indecently assaulting the girl when they were 12 years old. The attacks began after Beebe approached them because they wrongly thought they had a crush on him.
Mr Stanford said: “She said they took their hand and they said, ‘I know how you feel about me and I know what you have written in your diary and I can show you what happens'.”
Mr Stanford said that, on one occasion, Beebe drove into a layby and began kissing and molesting the complainant in their car. The complainant said that, days afterwards, they were raped for the first time when they were left alone with Beebe and that rapes continued during the next few years at a garage and at an empty property in the Chesterfield area.
Mr Stanford said the defendant would offer to take the girl out to get them alone.
They said: "He would take them to a garage and they would rape them and they described being raped on a dirty pink rug in that garage.
“From the age of 13, they told them to wait at a nearby phone box for them to call.”
Mr Stanford said that the complainant reported Beebe to police in 2015 after a health scare raised issues about their earliest sexual activity.
They tracked Beebe down and pursued a prosecution after they had been given confidence by the success of high-profile sex offence cases.
Beebe, now of Lime Walk, Long Sutton, near Spalding, Lincolnshire, denied all the sexual and rape allegations and claimed they were made up and the complainant had been infatuated with him.
But Judge Robert Egbuna outlined Beebe's previous convictions and the previous rape acquittal to the jury before they found them guilty of the five rape counts. The court heard how three of the five rape counts had included multiple offences.
The Canadian Press
WILLIAMS LAKE, B.C. - Small businesses affected by devastating wildfires in British Columbia will be getting some financial relief from the provincial government.
Forests Minister Doug Donaldson says small businesses, First Nations whose livelihoods are based on cultural practices and not-for-profit organizations that have been under evacuation orders or alerts are eligible for a $1,500 emergency grant.
The funding also applies to small businesses operating in areas affected by closures along Highways 20, 97, 26 and the eastern Cariboo Regional District, an area hard hit by fires.
The money will be distributed by the Canadian Red Cross, which received $100 million from the province when a state of emergency was declared in early July.
Donaldson says small businesses are the lifeblood of rural communities and the government will be provided the necessary programs to support their recovery.
Executive director Claudia Blair of the Williams Lake Visitor Centre says businesses have already lost thousands of dollars after the area was evacuated last month, and the recent closure of the backcountry is expected to create more economic hardship.
WILMINGTON, Del. — A former Delaware teacher has pleaded guilty to attempting to entice a minor into engaging in sexual activity.
U.S. Attorney David C. Weiss announced Monday that 37-year-old Joshua Rutherford entered their plea Monday. They were initially charged with two counts each of seeking child pornography and attempted inducement of a minor but reached a plea deal with prosecutors in January.
According to statements made in court, the former Smyrna High School teacher and track coach chatted online with an undercover investigator posing as a 14-year-old girl's father and expressed interest in having sex with the girl while their father watched. Authorities say Rutherford demanded the father have sexual contact with the minor first to prove they aren't law enforcement.
Rutherford faces 10 years in prison when he's sentenced in June.
CTV Vancouver
Mounties in Langley say speed was likely a factor in a collision that left a motorcyclist dead Tuesday morning.
The crash occurred at around 7:30 a.m. in the 7000-block of 264 Street.
Witnesses told police the motorcycle was travelling south when it collided with a northbound Toyota Corolla turning left into a business.
The rider was pronounced dead at the scene.
The RCMP said the driver of the Toyota was "obviously distraught" and is receiving help from Victim Services.
Police say the motorcyclist has not been identified and next of kin have yet to be notified of the death.
Langley Traffic Services has taken over the investigation with the help of the Integrated Collision Analysis and Reconstruction Service.
Police say 264 Street is closed between 64 and 84 avenues.
Anyone with information about the motorcyclist's pattern of driving leading up to the crash or the collision itself is asked to contact investigators at 604-532-3200.
Granderson snaps tie with 300th HR, Mets rally past Cubs 9-4
hello
Chicago Cubs' Ian Happ (8) runs the bases after hitting a home run as New York Mets starting pitcher Matt Harvey (33) walks on the mound during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Chicago Cubs' Mike Montgomery winds up during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Mets on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
Chicago Cubs' Kyle Schwarber follows through on a two-run home run during the fourth inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Mets on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Mets' T.J. Rivera (54) races to first base as Chicago Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo (44) waits for the throw during the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. After review Rivera was called safe on the play. Associated Press
Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Carl Edwards Jr. reacts as they watch a home run by New York Mets' Curtis Granderson, front, during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Mets' Curtis Granderson (3) celebrates with teammates after a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. The jets won 9-4. Associated Press
New York Mets' Lucas Duda (21) celebrates with Jose Reyes (7) after hitting a three-run home run during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Mets' Lucas Duda watches their three-run home run during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Mets' Neil Walker reacts after hurting their leg during the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Mets starting pitcher Matt Harvey (33) reacts after Chicago Cubs' Kyle Schwarber hit a two-pprun home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Mets' Curtis Granderson (3) gestures to fans during a curtain call after hitting a home run during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. Associated Press
New York Mets' Curtis Granderson and Chicago Cubs catcher Miguel Montero watch Granderson's 300th career home run, during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. The Mets won 9-4. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- On a night when Matt Harvey fizzled and so much went wrong for the New York Mets, they still rallied late for a rousing win.
Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with their 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the Mets bail out an ailing Harvey in a 9-4 victory Wednesday over the Chicago Cubs.
Harvey lost the zip on their fastball and gave up three homers in four innings - including Anthony Rizzo's latest leadoff shot and a titanic drive by Kyle Schwarber. After the game, the former ace said he's at a pretty low point physically and plans to see a doctor Thursday.
"My arm was just not working at all," said Harvey, who had a rib removed last year during surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome. "I think the last time I threw 87 (mph) with a fastball was probably first-year student year of high school."
"It's been very difficult. A very difficult year," they added. "A lot of ups and downs. A lot of discomfort and trying to battle through weaknesses and strengthening areas that I'm not used to. It's been rough. I have one less rib. I had pretty major surgery. There's going to be discomfort with that."
New York also lost second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury, the latest issue to befall a team hampered by a long list of health problems the past two seasons. But replacement Lucas Duda hit a three-run homer off Hector Rondon in the eighth, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for their third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the World Series champions heading into a pivotal four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. New York (30-34) has won five of six overall.
"This is a big win for us, especially going into tomorrow night," manager Terry Collins said.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1). The veteran outfielder had the souvenir ball from home run No. 300 in their locker after the game.
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of their four batters, and Addison Reed retired Rizzo with the bases loaded for the final out.
Juan Lagares hit a tying triple on an 0-2 pitch from Pedro Strop with two outs in the sixth, the start of a meltdown by Chicago's bullpen.
The Cubs (32-33) hit back-to-back homers to begin the game but played some sloppy defense and lost for the eighth time in their past nine visits to Citi Field, including the 2015 NL Championship Series.
"There's a certain unpredictability about us. That's why we're a .500 ballclub right now," manager Joe Maddon said. "I believe in our group, but we have to prove it on the field. Very simple."
Chicago has dropped six of eight following a five-game winning streak.
"We developed guys last year and won the World Series. No team has ever done that, I don't think," Rizzo said. "So, you've got to take your lumps."
Cubs rookie Ian Happ, who hit a grand slam Tuesday night, followed Rizzo's leadoff shot with their seventh home run and Chicago had a 2-0 lead after seven pitches. Schwarber's 467-foot shot over the Shea Bridge, a walkway for Citi Field fans above and beyond the bullpens in right-center, made it 4-1 in the fourth.
LEADING MAN
Batting leadoff Tuesday for the first time in their career, Rizzo homered on Zack Wheeler's second pitch to spark a 14-3 rout by the Cubs. The 240-pound slugger did themselves one better this time, connecting on the first pitch from Harvey and prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout. "I am statistically the greatest leadoff hitter of all-time," Rizzo said. "I would like to retire there just to talk smack to everyone that tries to do it."
BIG STICK
With the bases loaded in the fourth and the Mets short on the bench, Collins sent up pitcher Steven Matz to pinch hit for Harvey. Matz came through with an RBI infield single off starter Mike Montgomery, and Lagares trimmed it to 4-3 with a sacrifice fly.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: 2B-OF Ben Zobrist (left wrist) was out of the lineup for the second consecutive game but available to pinch hit, Maddon said. After a day off Thursday, the team hopes Zobrist can start Friday night in Pittsburgh. If not, the disabled list could become a consideration. ... RHP Kyle Hendricks (hand tendinitis) was scheduled to have a second MRI.
Mets: Walker pulled up lame trying to beat out a bunt in the third inning. They will have an MRI on Thursday. Duda entered in the fourth at first base, with Rivera shifting from first to second. And it appears the Mets once again will hold off on calling up hot-hitting shortstop prospect Amed Rosario from Triple-A Las Vegas. Second baseman Gavin Cecchini was scratched from the 51s lineup after Walker got hurt.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Begin a three-game series Friday night in Pittsburgh with RHP Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03 ERA) on the mound against Pirates rookie RHP Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13).
Mets: With the Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, rookie RHP Robert Gsellman (5-3, 4.95 ERA) gets another start Thursday night in the series opener against Washington. Gsellman threw 6 2/3 shutout innings Saturday in Atlanta and has won a career-best three straight outings. They face Nationals LHP Gio Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91), who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field - including a 3-1 win over Jacob deGrom on April 22 during Washington's three-game sweep.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The housing market in Las Vegas is hot. The prices of homes keep rising, while the supply is shrinking. So buyers are getting creative to stand out and get the house of their dreams.
The market is so hot, many sellers aren't even putting up "for sale" sings in their yard because their listings already get so much traction online.
Dr. Shawna Kneesel said they found the house of their dreams for them and their two little girls. But it wasn't easy getting to this point.
“We missed out on a lot of properties,” they said. “By the time we saw it and called the agent, made an offer, we already lost the house. These houses were on the market for maybe one to two days.”
Kneesel said even with loan papers in hand, they aren't quick enough.
“It just became a nightmare of rushing around,” Dr. Kneesel said.
Chris Bishop, president of the Greater Las Vegas Association of Realtors, calls this a seller's market.
“What we see is the homes sell so fast the 'for sale' sign doesn't even have time to go up,” they said.
“There are so many cash buyers out there, they would automatically accept theirs, rather than someone who needs financing,” Dr. Kneesel explained one of the problems they faced.
Realtors are turning to more creative ways to catch a seller's attention.
HOT HOUSING MARKET: some homes are sold in a day, here in the valley. How families are getting creative and personal to stand out among a sea of buyers. @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/kBUlySVtW1 — Tiana Bohner (@FOX5_Tiana) May 9, 2018
“If you can write a letter explaining why you're buying the home, why your kids would love the loft or the pool or the short walk to school, people believe that,” Bishop said.
“I didn't even know it was a thing until my realtor said let's write a letter, make it more personal,” Dr. Kneesel said.
With their daughters' help, they wrote a short letter to the seller, attaching a picture of their family.
“Our girls would like to make your home our forever home. Please consider our offer,” the letter read.
And to Kneesel's surprise, it worked.
“Apparently, the letter struck a chord,” they said. “Out of all the other full price offers they received they countered ours.”
Bishop said in such a hot market, writing letters, adding pictures, anything you can do to make your application stand out, is the new norm.
“It's our job as agents to provide that human factor,” they said. “There are some things you just can't do with a website.”
Kneesel is in the process of selling their own home. They said they will give special consideration to any buyer who includes a letter like hers.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Birmingham City make the jaunt to Sheffield Wednesday today knowing a victory would lift them to within three points of the Owls.
Steve Cotterill's side have improved dramatically in recent weeks and a comfortable win against Sunderland on Tuesday lifted them out of the bottom three.
Blues have taken 10 points from their last five league games with wins against Leeds United, Reading and the Black Cats.
Meanwhile, Wednesday are yet to win a league game - or score a goal - under their new manager Jos Luhukay. The Dutch boss succeeded Carlos Carvalhal in January but he's only managed three goalless draws with Sheffield United, Cardiff City and Middlesbrough in the Championship.
Brian Dick is making the trip north to Hillsborough so stay tuned for updates and reaction.
Keep Right On!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Domestic violence victims in Birmingham are being sent as far away as Manchester amid a "national crisis" in refuges, Labour has said.
Shadow communities minister Melanie Onn hit out at the Government as MPs backed a Bill that would give victims access to lifetime tenancies.
It came as a Tory MP called for action over GPs charging almost £100 for letters of evidence of abuse.
Ms Onn told the Commons the current refuge system "is simply failing women across the country".
They added: "Just this Friday, victims of domestic violence from Birmingham were offered accommodation in Burton, Milton Keynes and even as far away as Manchester.
"And this isn't a small town having a spike in referrals. This is a city of 2.5 million people, sending victims 86 miles away because they don't have the capacity to accommodate vulnerable people.
"Sadly, this fits into a national crisis under this Government."
MPs were speaking at second reading of the Secure Tenancies (Victims of Domestic Abuse) Bill.
The Bill will ensure that victims of domestic violence who have a lifetime social tenancy will be able to retain this lifetime tenancy in new accommodation if they are forced to flee their current home.
It will also ensure that victims of domestic abuse who are joint lifetime tenants and want to remain in their home after the abuser has left or been removed can be granted lifetime tenancy after the joint tenancy has ended.
"This short and focused Bill is an important part of the Government's wider aim of supporting victims of domestic abuse to leave their abusive situation and ensuring that they and their families are provided with the stability and security they need and deserve," said communities minister Heather Wheeler.
"It ensures that where a lifetime tenant is rehoused in these circumstances, or where a victim is granted a new tenancy in their home after the previous tenancy has been brought to an end, the victim does not lose their security of tenure.
"This is about removing an impediment that could prevent victims from leaving their abusive situation, or from taking steps to secure their safety in their current social home."
Ms Onn also said the legislation "will remove a key barrier for victims of domestic violence from leaving an abusive relationship and rebuilding their lives".
During the debate, Tory MP Andrew Lewer (Northampton South) said action over fees for GP letters is "possible and certainly desirable", adding: "It would appear that fees approaching £100 can be charged by GPs for letters of evidence of domestic abuse.
"Even when much less than that is charged I think it'd be seen as wrong. It's within the letter of GP contracts as they currently stand maybe, but it's wrong nevertheless."
Mr Lewer said they were sure many GPs would not levy such charges to the vulnerable, but asked ministers to outline what progress has been made on the issue.
The Bill was given an unopposed second reading and will now undergo further scrutiny by MPs at committee stage.
By Brian Liskai
WAYNESFIELD, Oh. – Vienna, West Virginia's Cale Conley held off Craig Mintz to score their first ever All Pro Aluminum Cylinder Heads FAST 410 Championship Series Presented by Ohio Logistics win Tuesday, July 3 at the Summer Sprint Sizzler at Waynesfield Raceway Park. While Conley led all 30 laps, the victory wasn't easy as Mintz, the current series point leader and a two-time FAST champion, closed quickly the last four circuits to finish right on the rear bumper of Conley's Dave Jessup owned sprint car.
“I had a feeling someone was there. They are never easy. I'm living the absolute dream…not many guys can say they are living their childhood dream and I'm one of them. I have to thank the man up above and thank Mother Nature for not raining on us today. What a cool thing…my fiancée is here and she's pregnant so if it's a boy we might have to them Wayne,” Conley said beside their Merchant Services LTD/All Star Performance/PPC Powder coating/Brookville Auto Parts/Duncan Oil backed machine.
Mintz, from Gibsonburg, Ohio, will walk away with an expanded FAST point with their runner-up finish aboard their Eagle Ignition Leads/Real Geese Decoys/Design Graphics Group/KS Sales & Service/Anjulina's Banquet Hall/Linder's Speed Equipment backed #09.
“We will take it. We weren't any better than that 7K car. We were just creeping there, creeping there, creeping there. It was one of those deals where you get into second and you're in the cat bird seat but it just didn't work out. I want to thank Waynesfield. I enjoy racing here,” Mintz said.
Dalton, Ohio's Lee Jacobs ran through the first half of the race after setting quick time during qualifications and settled for a third place finish aboard the Simcox Grinding and Steel/Amanda J. Lewis Attorney At Law/DAC Vitamins and Minerals/Wings Unlimited backed #81.
“We had a really really good race car. That first caution my right foot started getting ice cold then my leg then my leg started getting cold…we had a heck of a fuel leak. I started taking it easy and making sure I didn't get all the way out of the gas going into the corners so we didn't get any back firing,” Jacobs said.
Fremont, Ohio's John Ivy has a lot of top five finishes in 2018 but none for a win. That changed Tuesday as they powered to their first win in the JLH General Contractor FAST 305 Championship Series Presented by Engine Pro. Ivy, aboard the C&N Construction Supplies/Ginnever Trucking/L&R Farms/SMS Racing/Rohr's Lawn Care/Mr. Appliance/Kistler Racing Products/Kercher Engines/Sonny's Machine & Welding/Dave Story Equipment Repair/MRE/Tiffany's Furniture/Linder's Speed Equipment/North Coast Asphalt/Atkinson Farms backed machine, led all 25 laps for the victory. However, Ivy didn't gain many points toward the FAST title, as Jamie Miller, who came into Tuesday's race having won four straight series races, finished third in the A-main.
“We've been pretty good here. We won this race last year and this year we have a lot of seconds. We got to start up front and that helped. I have to thank everyone on this team. They had this thing locked down tonight. With lapped traffic there…you don't know what to do when you run up on them that quickly. I know I got bottled up there a little bit and I knew I had to get going,” Ivy said.
Conley and Jacobs brought the field to green for the 30-lap FAST 410 A-main with Conley gaining the advantage. Conley maintained a car length advantage over Jacobs and Mintz while Shawn Dancer, Stuart Brubaker, Chris Andrews and 15th place starter Cap Henry – who scored the Summer Sprint Sizzler win in 2017 at Waynesfield – battling hard for fourth.
Conley caught the back of the field with 10 laps scored but neither Jacobs nor Mintz could close. Meanwhile the huge crowd were entertained by the battle four fourth between Brubaker, Dancer, Andrews, Tyler Gunn and Henry. The first caution flew at the half-way point when DJ Foos executed a 360 spin and Dan McCarron spun to avoid him.
With a clear track Conley pulled away from Jacobs as Mintz now had their hands full with Henry and Andrews. Jess Stiger brought out the second and last caution of the event on lap 17 with the running order Conley, Jacobs, Mintz, Henry, Andrews, Gunn and Brubaker. When the green flew so did Conley with Mintz driving into second on lap 19 with Jacobs holding off Henry, Andrews, Gunn and 18th starter Cole Duncan who had experienced mechanical woes in qualifying.
Conley closed on the back of the field again with four laps to go and Mintz quickly closed to within half a car length while Jacobs, Gunn, Henry and Duncan battled for third. Conley picked their way through traffic and held off Mintz for the win. Following Jacobs were Henry, Gunn, Duncan, Andrews, Jac Haudenschild, Brubaker and Dancer rounding out the top 10.
In the FAST 305 A-main Ivy and Miller brought the field to green with Ivy gaining the upper hand over Miller, Dustin Stroup, Kyle Capodice and Bobby Clark. Ivy began to pull away as Miller was forced to fend off Stroup with Capodice moving into fourth and Seth Schneider taking fifth.
With 10 laps to go in the non-stop 25-lap feature, Ivy was battling heavy lapped traffic and Miller and Stroup closed quickly. Stroup took second with five laps to go and was within a car length of Ivy who was hung up on a couple of lapped cars. Ivy was able to slip by the lappers and drove to the win over Stroup, Miller, Clark, Capodice, Schneider, Tyler Street, Kyle Peters, Dustin Rall and Matt Lucius.
Randy Hannagan took their second NRA Sprint Invaders victory of the weekend while Austin Powell dominated the mini-sprint A-main.
The JLH General Contractor FAST 305 Championship Series Presented by Engine Pro will be back in action Friday, July 6 at Attica Raceway Park in Attica, Ohio. The Pro Aluminum Cylinder Heads FAST 410 Championship Series Presented by Ohio Logistics will be in action Saturday, July 7 at Fremont Speedway in Fremont, Ohio.
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Reading Health System, in conjunction with The Leadership Development Group, is changing its culture by focusing on physician leadership, alignment, and engagement. This month twenty-eight of the top ranked physician leaders from Reading Health System (RHS) graduated from The Leadership Development Group's Applied Physician Leadership Academy (APLA©), an 18-month customized leadership development program, designed to engage and develop physician leaders. And in January 2017, twenty-six emerging physician leaders joined together from across the organization to kick off a second cohort of the APLA that will run through March 2018. The program, intended to engage, inspire, and motivate leadership development for physicians, includes structured training courses focusing on development of leadership skills and competencies; mentoring and networking, assessments, coaching and feedback; and the process to apply learning and develop leadership competencies through work on real business problems.
"We started this multi-year program in February 2016 with Department Chairs, Section Chiefs, and physician leaders from Reading Health. TLD Group's blended learning approach has proven most effective for the development of our leaders," said Clint Mathews, President & CEO of Reading Health. "Our physician leaders worked collaboratively to tackle some of the most pressing issues and the recommendations they made during their Capstone presentations were among the most innovative ideas I've heard all year."
A number of the participants have continued to work together to move their action learning projects into the broader organizational system. The successful nature of the APLA program has further sparked the development of physician-led initiatives and a reinvigorated sense of organizational connection and community. "The APLA has served as a catalyst for strengthening relationships between physician leaders and administrative leaders -- it's been very successful," said Russ Showers, VP of HR.
"We are thrilled to be working with the leadership team of Reading Health System to launch the second cohort for the APLA," said Tracy Duberman President & CEO of TLD Group. "The APLA enables physicians to develop leadership capacity in four main clusters on Leading Self, Leading for Results, Leading Others, and Leading Change."
"The APLA experience has made me a stronger leader. As leaders, we are often asked to handle situations that are challenging and have difficult conversations with our colleagues, and this experience allows me to do that with a better skillset and a higher level of confidence," said Vinti Shah, DO, Chief, Section of Palliative Medicine, Reading Health System. "One of my favorite experiences with APLA has been the ability to work with a phenomenal team that I may not have otherwise had the opportunity to collaborate with."
Reading Health (www.readinghealth.org), headquartered in West Reading, PA, is an integrated, nonprofit healthcare system serving communities in Berks and surrounding counties.
The Leadership Development Group (www.tldgroupinc.com) partners with healthcare organizations, including providers, payers, and pharmaceutical companies, to provide talent development solutions.
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died aged 60 from a 'long-term battle with a progressive lung condition'.
In a full statement, their family announced,
"We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by theirs side.
We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks."
Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn their passing in private."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Best known for It's A Knock-Out, Multi-Coloured Swap Shop and children's game show Cheggers Plays Pop, Keith was most recently on the television during Celebrity Big Brother in January 2015. It was not known publicly that they were ill.
Getty
Our thoughts are with their family and friends at this time.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
BAGHDAD - Fourteen officials from Saddam Hussein's regime are still in Iraq's prisons, 15 years after the late dictator was deposed by a US-led invasion in 2003, according to an AFP survey.
Of the list of 55 suspects most wanted by the coalition that invaded Iraq, six were executed, six were killed in combat, eight died in captivity, five are on the run, and 16 were freed by the Americans before they pulled out of the country in 2011.
Saddam's two sons -- Uday and Qusay -- were among those killed in fighting.
The remaining detainees include the dictator's defence minister, General Sultan Hashim Ahmad, sentenced to death in June 2007 but never executed.
The others are mid-level Baath party cadres who held positions in the military or government.
The latest to be detained is Abdel Baqi Abdel Karim Abdallah, a top Baath party official who was arrested in June 2015 in Kirkuk while in hiding.
All detained former regime officials are being held in Nasiriyah prison in the country's south, according to Badia Araf, a lawyer representing some of the detainees.
The conditions in detention are "very bad", the lawyer said, adding that General Ahmad's health was "deteriorating".
Araf said that with the exception of Jamal Mustafa Abdallah Sultan, the former "number two" for tribal affairs in jail since 2003 and the husband of Saddam's daughter Hala, the others have been sentenced.
Most of them have been condemned to death.
"I filed 30 release requests with the authorities, who didn't even answer me," said Araf.
"I think these prisoners will remain in detention until death without the intervention of human rights organisations, who have done nothing so far."
Five of Saddam's lieutenants are still believed to be on the run, the most famous being Ezzat al-Duri, former vice president of the dictator's Revolutionary Command Council whose death has been announced by authorities several times.
One of the former Baath party officials, Saif el-Din Mashhadani, was executed in Mosul by Islamic State group jihadists in 2014.
Saddam themselves was captured near their hometown Tikrit in December 2003 and hanged in late 2006.
THROUGH APRIL 28
Illinois History Sale, presented By Rockford Urban Ministries,Rockford, Monday-Saturday 10 a.m.-6 p.m., free admission. For sale are old maps for the early 1800s showing Illinois in various imaginings; political prints of local and state politicians including Abraham Lincoln, former Governor Dan Walker, and John B. Anderson; old photographs, water colors, posters, knickknacks, and sculptures. All proceeds from the Illinois History Sale benefit Rockford Urban Ministries, an outreach of 25 area congregations working in the city.
THROUGH MAY 6
Enchanted April, presented By Pec Playhouse Theatre, Pec Playhouse Theatre, 314 Main St.,Pecatonica, 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday, 2 p.m. Sunday. Running through May 6, $14. When two frustrated London housewives decide to rent a villa in Italy for a holiday away from their bleak marriages, they recruit two very different English women to share the cost and the experience. There, among the wisteria blossoms and Mediterranean sunshine, they bloom again to rediscover themselves in ways that they could never have expected. Information: 815-239-1210
THROUGH MAY 13
Special Exhibit: Curious George – Let's Get Curious!, Discovery Center Museum, 711 N. Main St., Rockford, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. daily, $1 members, $11 public. Based on the familiar characters in H.A. and Margret Rey's classic stories, the Curious George exhibit inspires young children's natural curiosity as they explore early science, math and engineering through hands-on interactive play. Information: (815) 963-6769.
Lunch & Learn: Food as Medicine, 3333 Maria Linden Dr., Rockford, noon-1 p.m., $15 per person, $10 members. Food is medicine, and what we eat affects us mentally and physically. This presentation will discuss some of the drawbacks of the Standard American Diet, and how it may contribute to chronic disease. We will also discuss food cravings, inflammatory vs . anti-inflammatory foods, and recommendations for a whole food diet for optimal health. Information: (815) 877-0118.
THROUGH JUNE 3
Simply Spring: The Butterfly Exhibit, Nicholas Conservatory & Gardens, 1354 N. 2nd St., Rockford, 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Tuesday-Friday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Saturday-Sunday. Celebrate the arrival of spring at Nicholas Conservatory & Gardens and experience the magical world of butterflies. $6 adult members, $4 senior members, veterans and youth ($2 more for non-residents0. Information: 815-987-8858.
APRIL 25
National Land Institute Summer Lecture Series: Increasing the Buzz in Your Community, Prairie Street Brewhouse, 200 Prairie St., Rockford, 5:45 p.m., $6, pre-registration requested. One in a series of three lectures to inform the public about the importance of native plants, pollinators, water conservation and how these things tie in to what we like to eat and drink. NLI will also share information about their new Conservation@Home and @Work programs. Information: 815-964-6666.
Paddling Film Festival, , Prairie Street Brewhouse, 200 Prairie St., Rockford, 7 p.m., $12 in advance. Attendees will be inspired to explore rivers, lakes and oceans, push extremes, embrace an active outdoor lifestyle and appreciate the wild places. Information: 779-537-1330
Pop-Up Restaurant Series: Alchemy, Rockford Art Museum, 711 N. Main St., Rockford, 7 p.m., $55 by reservation. The museum offers an innovative, multiple course prix-fixe menu alongside the museum's current feature exhibition. A limited amount of tickets will be sold for each event, ensuring a creative, one-time only culinary experience. Information: 815-968-2787.
APRIL 26-28
Bloomin' Book, Plant & Baked Goods Sale, Winnebago Public Library, 210 N. Elida St., Winnebago, opens at 10 a.m. Thursday-Friday, 9 a.m. Saturday, free admission. Gently-used books for children and adults, DVDs, puzzles,CD, plants and baked treats for sale. All proceeds benefit the Winnebago Public Library. Information: 815-335-7050.
APRIL 27
Arbor Dash 5K Fun Run, Klehm Arboretum and Botanic Garden, 2715 S. Main St., Rockford, 6:30 p.m., $30 per runner, $20 Klehm members. This (unofficially) timed event is open to all ages. Participants will receive an Arbor Dash T-shirt and a tree seedling, while supplies last. Free admission for spectators. Information: 815) 965-8146.
23rd annual Research Day 2018, University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford, 1601 Parkview Ave., 9 a.m.-noon, free admission. The public is invited to hear the keynote address – Chronic Disease Prevention: Progress and Missed Opportunities, given by Wayne Giles, MD, MS, Dean, UIC School of Public Health, Professor, Epidemiology and Biostatistics, at 9:30 a.m., followed by a panel discussion at 11:00 am – Turning the Tide: How Do We Change the Trajectory of Chronic Disease. Information and registration: 815-395-5601 or email caherman@uic.edu.
APRIL 28
Celebrating Bernstein, presented By Rockford Symphony Orchestra, Coronado Performing Arts Center,314 N. Main St., Rockford, 7:30 p.m., $9-$65. This concert celebrates the great Leonard Bernstein and features four of their works: Divertimento, Chichester Psalms, Three Dance Episodes from On the Town, and Symphonic Dances from West Side Story. Information: 815-965-0049.
Peace Pole Painting Party, Klehm Arboretum and Botanic Garden, 2715 S. Main St., Rockford, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., $65 per person. Add color and creative flair to your flowerbeds. Learn how to make your personal Peace Pole garden art. ArtbyKarla provides all the materials to create this project (except for varnish that takes overnight to dry). Information:815-965-8146.
Pig Minds Brewing Comedy Night, 4080 Steele Dr., Machesney Park, 8 p.m., free admission. Four comedians perform including headliner Peter-john Byrnes has been described as having “the voice of an NPR announcer and the mind of an apocalyptic street preacher.” Information: 779-423-2147.
Shop Till You Drop Vendor/Craft Event presented By Harmony Singing Society, 1104 15th Ave. Rockford, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., free admission. Event has 50 vendors with something for everyone, including door prizes.
Unforgettable Art, presented By Alzheimer's Association Illinois Chapter, UIC College of Medicine Rockford, 1601 Parkview Ave., 6-10 p.m., $60, VIP Tickets $80 per person. Guests enjoy hors d'oeuvres, drinks and live music while they watch 50 talented artists convert blank canvases into works of art. The evening concludes with a live auction of all artwork. InformatIon: 815-484-1300 or visit www.fb.com/unforgettableart for updates and details.
APRIL 28-29
The Gathering at Macktown, Macktown Living History Center, 2221 Freeport Rd., Rockton, 10 a.m. Saturday and Sunday, $7 adults, $5 students, free for children age 5 and under. Take a step back in time to experience American frontier life through the 1840s. Meet traders and trappers, French voyageurs and Native Americans. Enjoy food and mercantile vendors, demonstration and black powder shooting. Tour original buildings on a national historic site and meet Stephen Mack as they share their home. Information: (815) 624-4200.
APRIL 28 -AUG. 25
Gallery Guided Tours of Main Museum Center, Midway Village Museum, 6799 Guilford Rd., Rockford, 10:30 a.m. Saturdays, $7 adults, $5 children ages 3-17, free for infants and museum members. An historic interpreter will guide visitors through an in-depth look at local history with exhibits on immigration, industrialization and pop culture. Learn stories and anecdotes not available on the regular self-guided experience. No advance registration is needed. The tour is included with the regular admission price. Information: 815-397-9112.
APRIL 29
Walpurgis Night, presented By Swedish Historical Society, Carlson Farm 8030 Clikeman Rd., Rockford, 6 p.m., $10 adults, $5 children ages 12 and under, RSVP requested. Walpurgis Night is a fun annual holiday in Sweden celebrating the arrival of spring. Information and registration: 815–963-5559 or museum@swedishhistorical.org
MAY 4
First Fridays – Art, Music, Food and Shopping in Downtown Rockford. Each month downtown art galleries, shops, music and theater venues work together to stay open late providing great new art, music and goods. Information: 779-537-5319.
–Winnebago County Calendar of Events April 25 – May 4–
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Defensive duo Neil Taylor and James Bree could be back in contention for the match with Newcastle United on Monday.
The pair were absent through injury as Aston Villa suffered their fourth successive defeat at the hands of Barnsley at Villa Park, but Steve Bruce is hopeful that they will be back in training in the coming days.
The manager confirmed that Bree's knee ,which had swollen to ‘twice its normal size', is infected while Taylor has an ankle injury.
Speaking after the 3-1 defeat to the Tykes, Bruce explained: “We are hoping by the end of the week that the two of them will be better.
“James has got an infected knee unfortunately and Tayls has got a cut ankle, one of them nasty ones.
“We will see how they are by the end of the week and maybe they'll be OK for Monday.”
Jordan Amavi came in to replace Taylor and conceded a first-half penalty, while Alan Hutton continued to deputise for Bree, who missed out on the chance to play against their former employers.
Texas A&M head coach Jimbo Fisher watches their team warm up before the Belk Bowl NCAA college football game against Wake Forest in Charlotte, N.C., Friday, Dec. 29, 2017. Interim head coach Jeff Banks will coach the team in the game. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)
Texas A&M is reportedly in the mix for a former high-ranking LSU athletic administrator.
According to RebelGrove.com, the University of Mississippi rescinded an offer to Austin Thomas to join the Rebels in an administrative role. According to the Rivals.com affiliate, Thomas has been in contact with A&M and was in College Station earlier this week.
"He said they were coming Wednesday night and last night and this morning but still was wavering on Ole Miss," UM athletic director Ross Bjork told the website. "We just pulled our offer. We want people who want to be Ole Miss, and we will move ahead with that as our goal."
Thomas has been at LSU since 2013 but made history in 2016 when they were given the title of general manager, which made them first of their kind in SEC history. They were initially headed to Tennessee before talks between both sides apparently fell through.
If A&M indeed is making a push at Thomas and eventually hires him, it'll be interesting to see what kind of role they have in Jimbo Fisher's new regime.
Here's a good read from the Baton Rouge Advocate on Thomas' role with the Tigers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPE, Colo. — A farmer feels grateful to be alive after they were forced to lay in a ditch when they found themselves surrounded by three tornadoes Monday.
Aaron Brown told KDVR they were out finishing work in their field near Cope, on the eastern plains of Colorado, when they saw the weather around them take a turn.
“The storm was coming up pretty quick,” said Brown.
“It was pretty intense.” This farmer says they were surrounded by tornados yesterday when their truck got stuck in the sand. They and three other people hid in a ditch as they watched tornados touch down around him. They spotted three total — two are in this video they shared with us. #KDVR pic.twitter.com/oxtRD337to — Emily Allen FOX31 (@EmilyAReports) May 29, 2018
Brown and three others tried to drive to safety, but their truck was stuck in the sand in the field. They watched as a tornado touched down in front of him. They turned around to see two more tornadoes on the other side of their truck. The group of four ran to a dry river bank because it was the lowest and safest place they could get to.
“It was pretty intense. I was pretty scared,” said Brown.
Eventually, the threat passed, and Brown and their crew walked away unscathed.
“God is good. That's all I can say. We were very lucky and blessed,” said Brown.
In Cope, the Hill's garage was destroyed during the severe storm. The Hill family was in Greeley when it hit and they found out the extent of the damage when a neighbor called to alert them that their garage was pressed against their house.
“We are cleaning up, hoping to rebuild. See what the insurance says and go from there,” said Linda Hill.
On Monday, they spent the day cleaning up and sorting through the debris.
“Very overwhelming,” said Linda Hill.
The National Weather Service said there were 14 tornadoes reported between 5 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. in Colorado. The experts were working to confirm the actual number of tornadoes that formed during the severe weather outbreak.
0:15 An explosive way to get a bottle of sparkling wine ready for sale Pause
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
—
THE Victorian Government plans to boost funding to support the mental health and wellbeing of the state's sexual and gender diverse community.
The government will allocate $500,000 to services and projects for vulnerable groups in the community such as LGBTI youth, Aboriginal people, and people living in regional areas.
Minister for Equality Martin Foley said the funding boost comes in light of the still-looming same-sex marriage plebiscite, which was recently allocated $170 million in the federal budget despite being voted down by the Senate last year.
“Malcolm Turnbull needs to rule out this Liberal Party opinion poll that is nothing but damaging and divisive,” they said.
“We're ensuring our hardworking mental health organisations have additional funds to ensure those who need support get it.
“We're supporting online resources because we know the fight for equality is beyond the tram lines.”
As part of the funding package, the peer-based telephone counselling service for LGBTI people Switchboard will receive $100,000 to provide additional training for volunteer counsellors and to update their telecommunications infrastructure.
Drummond Street counselling service will receive $50,000 to provide counselling to more LGBTI Victorians as a means to reduce its waiting list.
Headspace will receive $100,000 to increase capacity in Mildura to support rural and regional-based LGBTI people, and Kunghah – an Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander gathering of the LGBTI community – will receive $100,000 to support projects that promote inclusion.
The Victorian Pride Centre will receive $100,000 to establish a virtual platform of mental health resources, and a further $50,000 has been set aside to support other services experiencing increased demand.
Monster Energy/Yamalube/Star Racing Yamaha's Mitchell Oldenburg announced on Instagram that they sustained a torn MCL and ACL in a practice crash last Monday.
Oldenburg recently returned to racing in Seattle after missing three rounds due to an arm injury. They finished sixth in the 250SX West Region in their return.
At this time, there has been no announcement on a return date, but with the opening of the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship less than a month out, Oldenburg will miss at least the opening portion of outdoors.
Oldenburg's injury is just the most recent in a long list of setbacks for the team this year. Dylan Ferrandis, Colt Nichols, and Justin Cooper have all missed multiple rounds of supercross due to injury. The one rider on the squad who hasn't gotten hurt is Aaron Plessinger, and he's leading the 250SX West points.
Below is Oldenburg's full post:
Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said on Wednesday that failed asylum seekers held in Australian-run detention centres in the South Pacific will not face prosecution or harm if they return home.
“Come back. All is forgiven,” Wickremesinghe said as they stood beside Malcolm Turnbull in Canberra on Wednesday.
Asked about those who might prefer to remain in the camps than return in fear for their safety, they insisted they were mistaken, pointing to a newly established missing persons office in their country.
“Some of them have left from places where conflict didn't even take place,” Wickremesinghe said. “All of them are not even Tamils and even we want all the Tamils to come back. We should not make a mess of ourselves like they've gone and done in Europe and the Middle East.
“They left Sri Lanka illegally. They are welcome to return to Sri Lanka and we won't prosecute them, so they can come back to Sri Lanka, and we will have them, but remember, they broke the law in coming to Australia, attempting to come to Australia.”
When asked by reporters whether it was safe for asylum seekers to return, Wickremesinghe said: “We just started a missing persons office. It is quite safe for them to come back.”
Australia and Sri Lanka shared a number of bonds through their history, Wickremesinghe said.
“Sri Lanka and Australia have shared a common past. There are many values we inherited from the British empire to which we added our own values, and Australia today is one of the leading members of the Asia-Pacific region.”
Wickremesinghe's comment comes as Australia increases pressure on failed asylum seekers on Papua New Guinea's Manus island and the tiny island nation of Nauru to return home voluntarily, including offering large sums of money, amid fears a deal for the United States to take refugees has collapsed.
Only five men from Nepal on Manus have so far opted to leave despite the threat of deportations. Australia does not publish details on the nationalities of the 1,152 people held on Manus and Nauru though refugee advocates said there are approximately 150 Sri Lankans detained.
Many of these would have received their refugee status, advocates said, but for those who have been rejected, they face the choice of accepting the offer of cash from Australia or the threat of deportation.
Despite the assurances from Wickremesinghe, refugee advocates said many Sri Lankans would be reluctant to return home amid reports of mistreatment of members of the ethnic Tamil minority, a claim Wickremesinghe rejected.
“It is quite safe for them to come back… we want all the Tamils to come back,” said Wickremesinghe.
(Source: AAP/Reuters)
Modi Govt plans to doubling the farmers' income in the next four years ,But youth is not interested in that field
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said their government's initiatives aimed at creating awareness about the latest technological developments in agriculture will double farm income by 2022. Modi, who will later address an agriculture fair ‘Krishi Unnati Mela' at Pusa campus here, tweeted that its theme is aimed at doubling the farmers' income in the next four years.
They also announced that the “Krishi Karman” and “Deen Dayal Upadhya Krishi Vigyan Protsahan” awards would be conferred during the programme on Saturday. They would also unveil a portal on organic farming and lay the foundation stone of 25 Krishi Vigyan Kendras. In February, the Agriculture Ministry had organised a conference here to hold consultations with the stakeholders to find solution and ways for doubling the farm income by 2022.
Also Read : Congress is tired under Modi Govt rule not India , says Shahnawaz Hussain
According to the study conducted by a job website , there was 25 percent plunge in the average number of agriculture related job searches each week during CY2017.The millennials are not much attracted to the country's agriculture sector due to poor awareness about the scope of the sector, dearth of entrepreneurial spirit, and lack of job security, the study said. This is happening at a time when Prime Minister Narendra Modi is talking about doubling farmer income by 2022.
India may have been rapidly growing over the last thirty years, lack of jobs in the manufacturing sector could derail the growth story of the world's fastest growing economy, Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman had said. The economist had said that India must develop enough number of manufacturing jobs, if it actually wants to become a leader in Asia, surpassing China, and employ its large population base.
The agriculture sector may grow at 2.1 percent in 2018, the recent Economic Survey 2017-18 had said. The sector remains the largest employer, according to a multiple surveys. The lowest level of interest in agricultural jobs is shown by the job seekers in the age group of 21 to 25 years, according to the study. The sample size for the survey constituted fresh graduates, newcomers and interns. However, the age group of 31 to 35 years shows higher than average interest in the category of jobs.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has called a snap general election on June 8, claiming that divisions at Westminster risked hampering the Brexit negotiations.
The Prime Minister will require the support of two-thirds of MPs to go to the country, with a vote scheduled in the Commons on Wednesday.
The move stunned Westminster, as Mrs May and Number 10 have repeatedly insisted they would not seek a general election before the scheduled 2020 poll.
But Mrs May, who has a fragile working majority of just 17 in the Commons, said they wanted "unity" at Westminster as talks on Brexit begin in earnest with the European Union.
They said: "We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division. The country is coming together, but Westminster is not."
They acknowledged that they needed a stronger position in the Commons to secure their plans for the UK's future outside the EU.
"Our opponents believe because the Government's majority is so small that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change. They are wrong," they said.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
"They under-estimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country, because what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the Government's negotiating position in Europe."
Under the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, general elections take place every five years, meaning Mrs May would have had to carry on until 2020 before the chance to strengthen their position.
In order to call the early election, they will need the support of two-thirds of the 650 MPs in the Commons - but Labour is expected to support her, as any opposition would look weak if it did not agree to the chance to take office.
Senior Tories have urged Mrs May to call an early election, taking advantage of the Conservatives' healthy opinion poll lead over Jeremy Corbyn's Labour.
Mrs May suggested they reached their decision over the Easter parliamentary recess - during which they went on a walking holiday in North Wales.
"I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion," the PM said.
"Since I became Prime Minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020.
"But now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take."
The Justice Department is requesting more time to respond to a congressional inquiry into President Donald Trump's unproven assertion that they were wiretapped by their predecessor.
The department had been expected to provide a response by Monday to the House Intelligence Committee, which has made Trump's wiretapping claims part of a bigger investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
But spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores says in a statement Monday that the department has asked for more time to "review the request in compliance with the governing legal authorities and to determine what if any responsive documents may exist."
Trump tweeted earlier this month that President Barack Obama had ordered them to be wiretapped. They presented no evidence, and the former intelligence director said last week that the claim was false.
Police block off a section of a neighborhood after a deadly crash on May 23, 2018. (Jason Westerhaus/FOX5)
A motorcyclist who was killed after sliding underneath a vehicle in a west Las Vegas neighborhood was identified by the Clark County Coroner on Tuesday.
Joshua William Elsebusch, 36, died from multiple blunt force injuries on May 23. Police said Elsebusch attempted to pass a Ford Focus as it made a U-turn in the 7100 block of Carrondale Way, near Tenaya Way and Washington Avenue.
RELATED: Motorcyclist killed in northwest Las Vegas crash
Elsebusch hit the car, fell to the ground and slid underneath the Ford. Police said they were not wearing a helmet.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MEXICO CITY — Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is promising that jobless youths, the elderly and Mexico's business sector will be the biggest beneficiaries of their first year in office.
Lopez Obrador is pledging to pay the salaries of apprentices employed by Mexican companies as part of a $5 billion packages of scholarships and job training.
The once-fiery leftist met with Mexican business people on Wednesday and pledged another $2 billion to extend and increase old-age supplementary payments to the elderly nationwide.
Lopez Obrador said the two programs will be the central themes of their first year in office. They said the $7.5 billion package will be paid for by government cost-cutting, “even if we are left without a shirt on our backs.”
Lopez Obrador was elected in a landslide Sunday.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
So the worst kept secret in the East Midlands has now been confirmed and Frank Lampard has been announced as the new manager of Derby County.
Some may be surprised at what route that the club has gone down. Lampard has achieved much in theme, both as a Chelsea legend and England International of some 106 caps, but they are a complete rookie in the management game.
Derby have tried many different approaches in addressing the management situation and all have fallen short in their aim of reaching the Premier League.
Lampard has ambitions to make it as a manager and this is a very big gig at which to start this period of their footballing career.
They will have to be shown patience and given time.
Those expecting instant success may have to reassess their hopes for the next season as Derby will have to make adjustments to their team budget after years of spending money by past bosses.
Perhaps with Lampard having gained much respect during their playing days, they will be able to pull off some good loan deals?
Whatever anyones thoughts are about this appointment, it will ensure that the club remain under the spotlight by the national media. They will be scrutinised heavily by the red tops.
Derby County fans will have to take the following into consideration too when they make their own minds up about them - Rookie boss, reduced budget, learning their trade.
We will need to get behind them from day one! Whoever is appointed it never satisfies everyone.
Welcome to Pride Park Frank Lampard, I hoe your stay is a long and successful one.
Students at Yelm Middle School move between portable classrooms in 2016. Steve Bloom Olympia file photo
Dallas Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett working the sidelines against the Philadelphia Eagles at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia on Sunday, Dec. 31, 2017. The Cowboys won, 6-0. (Max Faulkner/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/TNS)
Jon Machota, Cowboys beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered questions about the team Friday. Here are some highlights.
Is 2018 the year Jason Witten starts to see their role decrease?
Jon Machota: Only if they deal with injury. If he's healthy, Jason Witten's role will remain the same. There's been no indication that their role will decrease and I doubt he'd be returning for their 16th season if they thought they would be playing less.
Who is the next Cowboys coach once Garrett is gone?
Jon Machota: If Vegas put out odds today, Sean Payton would probably be the favorite. Reasons: They have worked as an assistant coach with the Cowboys. They have a good relationship with Jerry Jones. Drew Brees isn't going to play forever.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Conservative Party Conference 2018 will be held in Birmingham.
The event, lasting from September 30 to October 3, will take place at the ICC in Birmingham.
The Conservative Party Conference (CPC) is a four-day national conference event held by the Tories.
The event consists of fringe events, receptions and speeches which gives Conservative party members, the press and the public a chance to learn about the party's ideas and policies for the year ahead.
The focal event is the leaders speech which is given by the incumbent Leader of the Conservative Party at the end of conference.
(Image: REUTERS POOL)
Today, West Midlands Police tweeted: "Got a business in Birmingham city centre?
"Today you can find out how you might be affected when the Conservative Party Conference comes to @ICC_Birmingham in September.
"Drop by The Karaoke Box, Regency Wharf, before 3pm to find out more from us."
An exhibition area is also featured every year allowing businesses, organisations and Conservative Party affiliated organisations to promote their brands and messages from an exhibition stand throughout the conference period.
The National Convention meets twice a year — its Annual General Meeting is usually held at Spring Forum, with another meeting usually held at the Party Conference.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In some special circumstances, the leader will make a speech at the opening of conference, most recently at the Conservative Party Conference 2016 in Birmingham, Prime Minister Theresa May addressed the opening day of the conference in the Global Britain:Making a success of Brexit.
When it comes to some 'bone-breaking' action, Tiger Shroff is the first name which immediately comes to your mind.
Such is the dedicated for Shroff Jr. that the actor took a 120 feet leap without any body double for the introduction scene of Baaghi 2. They pulled off a risky stunt by jumping off a cliff in Thailand without the support of any body double.
Tiger Shroff has been known for their high octane action sequences in their films, but they have once again pushed the envelope by doing this daredevil stunt on their own.
The challenging sequence required Tiger to jump off a cliff, navigate a 120-foot fall through the trees and land on the ground.
Speaking about it the actor shares,"The jump was well-timed, so I was quite confident. But the only thing I had to be careful about [during the fall] were the branches of the trees - they were sticking out and would cut into my face during the fall".
Director Ahmed Khan informed the opening sequence of the film was shot in Krabi, Thailand, in the last week of January, and was aimed at delivering maximum impact for the action in the film.
However, Ahmed was against the idea of Tiger performing the stunt themselves as it involved risk of them suffering gashes on their face.
The director revealed,"Tiger had to land on the ground while cutting through a tree, which is dangerous as the branches could cut into their face. I was worried that one gash on their face can destroy their career. We chose a tree that had branches coming down alternately so that it causes minimum damage."
Ahmed Khan further revealed why a body double was not used for the sequence, they added,"When the body double performed the stunt, I was dissatisfied with it. On seeing that, Tiger offered to do the stunt himself. When we were filming, there were 10 things going on in my mind - how they should protect their face, how the branches could injure their eyes. Tiger, on the other hand, was so calm. After the scene, they had badly bruised their back, thighs and elbows."
Co-Produced by Fox Star Studios and Sajid Nadiadwala under the banner name Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment, 'Baaghi 2' is directed by Ahmed Khan and is slated to release on 30th March 2018.
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said someone attacked an elderly woman and stole their car while they were inside. (Photo: Eric Hilt / FOX5)
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said someone attacked an elderly woman and stole their car while they were inside.
Police said on May 10, they were called to the intersection of Summer Heights Lane and Cedar Avenue in northeast Las Vegas after someone heard crying from a car there. Officers found the elderly woman "stuck inside the floorboard" of the car with cuts and bruises, Metro Police said.
According to police, the woman was driving home from running errands and was rear-ended by another vehicle. A man came up to their window to ask them if they were ok. They then undid their seatbelt and told them to get into the passenger seat. After they refused, they told them they had a gun and said they would kill them
"He hit me here and they hit me on the top of their head with their fist," the victim, who didn't want to be identified, said while pointing to bruises on their face.
They shoved them over the center console and drove for about 30 minutes, police said. During that time, they punched the woman repeatedly. They stole the woman's property and then parked at Summer Heights Lane and Cedar Avenue.
"My feet were up on the seat and I was under the dash," the victim said.
The victim was still "wedged in the passenger floorboard" of the car when the suspect got out. Video surveillance from a nearby home showed the suspect getting out of the woman's car and getting into another silver or grey sedan that had been following the victim's car, and the man vehicle left the area. Click here to see the video.
The victim was still stuck in the car while the suspects flew. They said they screamed for help until a neighbor heard and called police.
"I was surprised when they picked me up that I could speak, I had screamed help so hard," they said.
The victim was taken to University Medical Center Trauma to treat their injuries. They said they want to thank the neighbor who called police, and sent out a warning about the carjacker.
"He knew what they were doing, let me tell you, he's done it before and he'll do it again if we don't catch him."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sheffield Wednesday manager Carlos Carvalhal is reportedly facing the sack if the Owls fail to beat table-topping Wolverhampton Wanderers on Friday evening.
Carvalhal, who has been in charge at Hillsborough since the summer of 2015, will serve a one-game touch-line ban in the forthcoming match after being sent to the stands for their protests in their side's game with Hull earlier this month, a match they drew 2-2.
And should the Yorkshire outfit not topple Wolves, who are looking to return to winning ways themselves after the draw with Sunderland, the Portuguese boss could be in trouble.
Wednesday is without a win in their last five matches, most recently suffering a damaging 3-1 defeat at Norwich over the weekend.
They lie 14th in the Championship table on 27 points, a full ten points behind fierce rivals and sixth placed Sheffield United, and a staggering 21 behind Wolves.
This is despite Wednesday featuring in the play-offs in the last two years, losing in the final to Hull in 2016 and on penalties to eventual winners Huddersfield last season.
Carvalhal, formerly a boss of Sporting Lisbon and Beskitas among others, has had money to spend too - the Owls have splashed the cash on the likes of Jordan Rhodes, Adam Reach and Gary Hooper in recent windows.
Wolves, who are in an entirely different run of form, did slip up somewhat against relegation threatened Sunderland at Molineux on Saturday, with the Black Cats only having ten men for the last half hour of the match.
Wanderers had to settle for a point and a clean sheet, and have allowed Cardiff to potentially claw back the deficit when they take on Reading on Monday evening.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A transfer battle
Wolverhampton Wanderers are among the clubs said to be tracking Leicester City forward Josh Eppiah.
The 19-year-old has impressed within the youth ranks at the King Power Stadium and is regarded as one of the club's brightest talents.
Though they are yet to make their senior debut, a host of clubs from the Premier League, Championship and abroad are keeping tabs on the Belgium under-19 international ahead of the January transfer window.
Wolves are among the Championship sides reported to be monitoring Eppiah as well as Leeds United.
The Molineux club are looking to strengthen their attacking ranks when the window opens next month.
Everton are also interested, with Sam Allardyce's assistant at Goodison Park, Craig Shakespeare, a big admirer of Eppiah having worked with the player during their time in charge of Leicester and involving the forward in first-team training on a regular basis.
The youngster also scored the winner for Leicester against Everton in their recent Premier League Cup clash.
West Ham United, Bournemouth and Stoke City are also said to want Eppiah, as well as Bundesliga side RB Leipzig.
BEIRUT - Syrian security services chief Ali Mamluk has refused to appear before a military tribunal in Lebanon to face terror-related charges, a court source said Monday.
Mamluk, a member of President Bashar al-Assad's inner circle, was accused in 2013 by Lebanon's government of "attempting to murder politicians and other citizens, and carrying out terrorist acts".
The charge is linked to a case that saw Lebanon's former information minister Michel Samaha sentenced to 13 years in prison after they were caught transporting explosives from Syria for use in attacks in Lebanon.
Samaha admitted early on in their trial that they were plotting the attacks with Mamluk's help.
Since 2013, Lebanon has had an arrest warrant out for Mamluk, 72, and has been serving subpoenas to Syria in their name, but it was unclear if they were receiving them.
Monday's hearing marked a rare acknowledgement of an attempted delivery.
"During a hearing by the military court on Monday, the subpoena returned (from Damascus) without the accused's signature," the source said.
"But it included a note saying the accused would only agree to appear in court in front of a commission made up entirely of major generals," said the court source, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Without Mamluk's signature, the subpoena could not be considered successfully delivered by the court, which set a new hearing for October 29.
Mamluk has rarely travelled outside of Syria -- or even appeared publicly -- since the conflict in their country erupted in March 2011.
They were appointed as the head of national security in 2012 after a major explosion in Damascus killed four top security officials.
Another legal source said it would be impossible to honour Mamluk's request to appear before a special military court.
"It would require a special law, and there aren't seven major generals in Lebanon. Only the heads of security agencies have that title," the source said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion are clinging on to their Premier League life-line for a few days longer.
However, the chances are they will spend next season in the Championship - and will have to adapt their squad accordingly.
Gareth Barry and Chris Brunt have triggered extensions to their contracts, with the latter going to stay at The Hawthorns.
Boaz Myhill, James Morrison, Gareth McAuley, Claudio Yacob are set to become free agents, as are a host of other names, some well known others less so, across the Premier League.
This who they could sign for nothing.
Arsenal
Santi Cazorla, Jack Wilshere
AFC Bournemouth
Artur Boruc, Rhoys Wiggins
Brighton & Hove Albion
Niki Maenpaa, Uwe Hunemeier, Steve Sidwell, Liam Rosenior, Tim Krul
Burnley
Dean Marney, Stephen Ward, Scott Arfield
Chelsea
Willy Caballero, Eduardo, Matej Delac
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey, Julian Speroni, Diego Cavalieri, Yohan Cabaye, Damien Delaney, James McArthur, Bakary Sako, Martin Kelly, Chung-Yong Lee, Joel Ward, Erdal Rakip
Everton
Joel Robles
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Huddersfield
Robert Green
Dean Whitehead
Leicester City
Ben Hamer, Robert Huth, Aleksandar Dragovic
Liverpool
Emre Can
Manchester City
Yaya Toure
Manchester United
Marouane Fellaini, Luke Shaw
Newcastle United
Jesús Gámez, Massadio Haidara
Southampton
Stuart Taylor, Jeremy Pied
Stoke City
Glen Johnson, Charlie Adam, Stephen Ireland, Jese, Jakob Haugaard, Konstantinos Stafylidis
Swansea City
Leon Britton, Angel Rangel, Sung-Yeung Ki, Kenji Gorre
Tottenham Hotspur
Michel Vorm
Watford
Orestis Karnezi, Miguel Britos, Molla Wague, Andre Carrillo
Andrew Lloyd Webber on their bizarre run-in with Streisand Webber says Streisand appeared backstage at a production of "Cats" and asked for milk.
PETA wants celebrities to stop cloning their dogs On Tuesday, the legendary singer revealed that she'd had their late dog Samantha cloned twice.
Barbra Streisand cloned their dog twice Streisand revealed that two of their dogs, Miss Violet and Miss Scarlett, were cloned from their 14-year-old Coton du Tulear Samantha, who died in 2007.
PaleyFest LA lineup includes Barbra Streisand tribute The Icon Tribute will kick off PaleyFest LA 2018 on March 16.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police investigating an attempted rape in a Solihull park are urgently appealing for information.
A 35-year-old man was arrested in the early hours of Tuesday following the attack in Babbs Mill Park in Kingshurst last Friday.
But police said they have now been released without charge and eliminated from their enquiries.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
The attack happened at some time between 2.30pm and 2.50pm on Friday June 29 as the girl was walking through the park on their way home from school.
Police said a man, armed with a knife, knocked the girl to the ground and they suffered a cut to the neck.
They were taken to hospital and has since been discharged and is being supported by specially trained officers.
The offender escaped after the assault and enquiries are underway to try to identify him.
He's described as white, slightly tanned, with short brown/greying hair. They have blue eyes, large hands and a muscular, stocky build.
The man was with a white King Charles spaniel, which had light brown patches on its ears and body.
The dog had a red collar and red extendable lead.
A number of items have already been recovered for forensic testing.
Officers are also also exploring another recent incident to see if it is connected.
Reassurance patrols have been stepped up in the area while investigations continue, and schools and the local authority are being kept informed of developments.
Chief Inspector Colin Barnes, from Solihull Police, said: “The man arrested earlier today has been eliminated from our enquiries and we are continuing to appeal for information.
“While we do have extra patrols in the area and a large number of officers working on the investigation, the role the public plays in these remains crucial.
“We need the public to be our eyes and ears and to let us know of any piece of information that could help us track down the offender and bring them to justice.
“As we head towards the school holidays, we want to remind parents and youngsters to follow common sense advice to keep themselves safe.
“We'd ask all members of the public to be vigilant and be aware of their surroundings and personal safety.”
Anyone with information can call 101, quoting crime number 20SH/145636Y/18. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously in 0800 555 111.
And to think, not long ago, some people were asking whether Sam Tomkins would get back into the Wigan side.
Ha!
How things change.
Then, Wigan were cruising along nicely, with memories of their World Club success still fresh and livewire Morgan Escare adding the, erm, French polish to some impressive wins.
Now, their only victory in the last eight weeks was against part-timers Swinton, they are leaking an alarming number of points, and they have just been beaten at Leigh.
On the scale of predictions about Wigan's Super League campaign - from the doom-mongers, to the hopeful, to those who think Wigan are destined for a mid-table spot, too good for the bottom-four and too much ground to make up to get into the top-four - it's interesting to note what the shrewdest observers think. The bookmakers.
They still have Wigan as third favourite to win the Grand Final.
Perhaps they, too, think some of the sides ‘up there' will tail off, recognise the quality of the players returning and appreciate the value of past experience.
Either way, it's going to be an intriguing run-in.
Wigan's focus switches to the Challenge Cup on Saturday for a game which needs no hype.
Both sides are under-pressure, both have lost their four matches since they met at the Magic Weekend.
Wigan have been in better-form - at least they're scoring points - and they have the considerable upper-hand of welcoming back up to six of their best.
Sam Tomkins, John Bateman, Sean O'Loughlin, Liam Farrell. All England internationals.
And Anthony Gelling and Sam Powell have proved what big players they are.
To have them back, just a week after Oliver Gildart returned – and how classy was they against Leigh? – is a huge boost. Not only do they bring quality and big-game experience, but they should help swell the confidence of their team-mates after a miserable run of results.
I can't wait to see Tomkins back in a Wigan shirt.
They may be a little under-done and I've already said they may not have the same grace and pace, certainly not straight away, but what I always liked most about them was their competitiveness.
And with frontline players returning, it gives Wane the chance to leave out over-exposed youngsters – and some under-performing senior players.
But at the risk of repeating last week's view, Wigan just need a win.
Just one. Just to feel the euphoria, to see their fans smiling, to hear their own winning song in the dressing room afterwards.
Shaun Wane labelled Wigan's line-defence against Leigh as unacceptable.
And it was.
To leak three tries in 10 minutes, all from dummy-half darts, was embarrassing.
But it's too sweeping to put it all down to their tackle technique, organisation and attitude.
Because too many times, Wigan ended their sets poorly. Thomas Leuluai's kicks, particularly, were easily dealt with by Leigh, who then started too many of their sets in a good position.
And while Wigan and Leigh made a near-identical number of carries and metres during the game, the Warriors made twice as many errors, and conceded nearly twice as many penalties.
So yes, Wigan were poor defending their line, and they need to look at it.
But they need to look at why Leigh got down there so often, too.
If you're a Wigan fan not quite sure whether you're looking up, or over your shoulder – and it's hard when your head and heart are disagreeing – I've devised a simple test.
Just ask yourself this: Who do you want to win tomorrow's Super League game between Huddersfield and St Helens?
If Saints – one point and one place ahead – win, they move three points clear and give the Warriors even more ground to make up.
But if Huddersfield win, they'll nudge Shaun Wane's men back a spot, to eighth – a week ahead of an intriguing clash between the two.
So, back to the question: Who are you going for, Saints or Huddersfield?
Super League chiefs have met this week to discuss the format of the competition.
Roger Draper, the executive director, has previously said the Super-8s will continue next year – possibly with some minor tweaks – with any major changes likely to be introduced for 2019.
I hope the idea of awarding the league leaders' shield after round 23, and resetting the points, is laughed out the room.
But should they overhaul the structure again? Tough one.
I dare say this season wouldn't have been as interesting without the Super-8s element. And part of me wants to say ‘stop meddling' – I can't think of other sports which tinker with the format quite as much.
But with the rise of Toulouse and, a tier below, Toronto, and with London and Hull KR doing well, I see an argument to expand the competition back to 14 teams. If not next year, then in 2019.
That way, we could revert to a straight-forward season in which teams play each other twice, possibly with a four, five or six-team play-offs which gives greater reward to finishing top.
Of course, if you're going to decide the champions by a play-offs, there's no real need to make sure everyone only plays each other twice.
But if you're going to have straight-forward, one-up, one-down relegation – which I'd welcome – it needs to be fair. Which would mean either scrapping the Magic Weekend, changing it into a Nines event, or having the annual on-the-road event as a ‘home' fixture for six of the clubs, alternated each year.
I can't say I'm bothered about Nines, but some people are: that's why it's part of the international programme in the next few years.
And expanding the top flight to would also solve one of the problems of this current campaign.
When Super League was trimmed back to 12 clubs, it meant more games between the big guns.
And the idea sounded great.
But on Saturday, Wigan face Warrington for the third time this season.
They play again next month.
Last season, Wigan played Hull FC five times.
It's too much.
Making the big games more scarce will make them bigger and better.
A day after learning Euston station will be closed on Challenge Cup Final weekend – adding a couple hours and more stops to the journey of any north west fans travelling by rail – the Premier League fixtures were published.
Which revealed Spurs – playing their games at Wembley next season – are at home on Saturday August 26.
But fear not.
The Premier League high-flyers tweeted: “Please note: Burnley (H) Aug 26 is the same day as the Rugby League Challenge Cup Final and will need to be rescheduled.”
A football match being rescheduled to accommodate a rugby league game?
It'll never take on...
Rajeev Khandelwal's Prank Goes Wrong
According to Tellychakkar report, "Rajeev played a video message from an anonymous man whose face was blurred. The man in the video said that they were extremely upset with Ragini for leaving him."
Ragini Storms Out Of The Show!
"Ragini was astonished and asked Rajeev to stop the video at once. But Rajeev continued to play it and announced that it was just a prank." The prank didn't go well with the actor and they walked out the sets saying what Rajeev did on national television was not justified!
Ragini Played A Counter-prank On Rajeev!
Although Rajeev tried to persuade them to return to the show, they refused to! To Rajeev and everyone's surprise, Ragini came back and also revealed that they were playing a counter-prank on Rajeev!
Did Ragini Get Work Because They Are Govinda's Bhanji?
In the same episode, Ragini rubbished the rumours that they got work because of their uncle Govinda. They were quoted as saying, "People very easily say that I am Govinda's bhanji and things would have been easy for me to get into the industry but that's not true."
The Actress Clarifies
"He has worked very hard to get where they are today and I have not even done half as much as they have. I have heard of the times when Govinda has even walked all the way from Virar to Juhu to give auditions. But to give you a perspective, Govinda has never pulled in favours for their own children."
‘I Have Worked A Lot To Achieve My Targets'
They further added, "If people feel I got work because of them then they really need to do some research on me. I have worked a lot to achieve my targets. So, despite being Govinda's niece, I had to struggle in the industry, just the way they did years ago."
On Monday morning, Donald Trump complained about Democratic delays in the confirmation of their executive branch and judicial nominees. On Monday night, it appeared that their nomination of Ronny Jackson for Secretary of Veteran's Affairs was potentially falling apart. You know what? Given the track record of Trump's nominees, Democratic foot-dragging on Trump's selections seems absolutely appropriate.
The first thing to remember is that Democrats have limited ability to do anything. Thanks to the changes during Barack Obama's presidency, it only takes a simple majority to confirm anyone Trump nominates. The delays, too, are limited. They can ask to push back committee consideration of a nominee, and it's customary but not required for committee chairs to give week-long delays when requested. And they can slow Senate floor consideration. For any individual nomination, that will only add a few days to the process. But Trump is correct that delays can add up: If each executive branch nominee takes several days instead of a few minutes, then the overall backlog can get pretty severe. In fact, if the minority party did try to maximize delays, it would take years to confirm everyone. Democrats, however, have not been maximizing delays; they've allowed some uncontroversial lower-level people through quickly, but have strung out others.
So are Democratic delays the main problem in staffing the executive branch? There are a lot of ways to look at it. One is just the ratio of nominations and confirmations. By that score, the Senate is clearly moving slower. The Washington Post's statistics show that only about two-thirds of Trump's nominees so far have been confirmed, while Barack Obama was at nearly three-quarters at this point and before that the ratio was even higher. Time between nomination and confirmation is also higher.[note]
Yet, there's reason to think that Democrats, and perhaps the Senate overall, aren't the real problem. The Post and the Partnership for Public Service track nominations for the most important positions. Of those, 139 have been formally nominated but not confirmed. What's interesting is that only 53 of those 139 have been approved by committee and are ready for their final vote -- the stage at which Democratic delays can really matter. Even then, it's not clear how many of the 53 are logjam problems from general foot-dragging. For example, four nominees for the board of the Export-Import bank have been on the Senate executive calendar since December, but have been stalled because of opposition from Pennsylvania Republican Pat Toomey, not from Democrats.
Of the 86 nominations that haven't cleared committee, some are recent choices, but others have languished for some time. In those cases, it's likely they've stalled because of some problem with the nominee: Paperwork hasn't been finished, or some issue has been raised. It's unlikely that any of that has to do with the minority party, although some of it could be blamed on a bipartisan Senate consensus that has made confirmation too difficult. But it's more likely that the Trump administration just isn't doing its homework.
After all, an extraordinary number of high profile Trump nominees have ended up in trouble. Two cabinet secretaries, Tom Price at Health and Human Services and David Shulkin at Veteran's Affairs, have left after scandals. The original labor secretary nominee, Andrew Puzder, didn't even get confirmed. And there are several more similar stories for those who, at least for the moment, still have jobs. The new troubles for Ronny Jackson fit right in -- as do reports that they aren't properly vetted for the job.
Republicans have been all-too-willing to confirm nominees such as Price, Shulkin, Ryan Zinke, and Scott Pruitt. In the past, they wouldn't have made it through the vetting process before even being nominated. Inept Trump Administration procedures, and not partisan hostage-taking, is the context for what Democrats have been up to.
Democrats can't do much. What they can do, however, is to drag their feet, in hopes that important information surfaces before the final confirmation vote. That's not obstruction. That's just doing their job.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every team is better for the presence of a good old ‘un in the middle.
And, ideally, alongside a good old ‘un, you have a good young ‘un.
A tyro with the same appetite but also the drive and energy of youth, fuelled by the incentive of forging a reputation.
That's a happy midfield mix: a good old ‘un and a good young ‘un.
In the 1979/80 season, Birmingham City enjoyed such a blend. Step forward, Archie Gemmill and Alan Curbishley.
On November 3, 1979, Gemmill and Curbishley ran the show there to take Blues a step along the road back to the top flight.
The pair had arrived at St Andrew's the previous summer in very different circumstances.
Curbishley came from West Ham, having grown impatient at Upton Park where fierce competition for places in midfield was led by Trevor Brooking and Alan Devonshire.
The 21-year-old rejected another deal with the Hammers and vowed to prove themselves elsewhere. Blues manager Jim Smith was delighted to give them the chance.
Gemmill, meanwhile, had nothing to prove. The 32-year-old had played for Scotland in the 1978 World Cup finals in Argentina and been pivotal to the Nottingham Forest team which won the League title.
Many eyebrows were raised when Forest boss Brian Clough allowed Gemmill to join Blues for just £150,000.
Former Liverpool manager Bill Shankly, writing in the Birmingham Mail, described Gemmill as “the steal of the season” and there were soon reports that Clough wanted them back at the City Ground but the player was sure their former boss would never own up to having made a mistake.
Blues certainly weren't complaining. And on a blustery November day beside the River Thames, the old ‘un and the young ‘un ran the show.
In August, Fulham had handed Blues an opening-day shocker at St Andrew's when they clawed back a 3-0 half-time deficit to win 4-3. This time Blues took the initiative and didn't let go.
Gemmill struck the first blow on 26 minutes when Tony Gale tripped Alan Ainscow in the box and the little Scot netted from the spot just as they had for their country against The Netherlands in Mendoza 18 months earlier.
Gordon Davies equalised for Fulham but Blues took command with two goals in six minutes either side of the break.
Don Givens headed home Gemmill's pinpoint free-kick then Kevin Lock deflected Willie Johnstone's cross past goalkeeper Perry Digweed.
A Lock penalty kept the home side in the game but Blues always threatened with Gemmill at their most vigilant and Curbishley giving John Beck the runaround.
And they made the game safe with another Givens goal in the 68th minute. Blues jumped to fourth behind Luton, Newcastle and Leicester and were destined to keep climbing all the way to Division One.
One man impressed was Fulham defender Richard Money. Not a chap who throws compliments around cheaply, as anyone who later dealt with them as Walsall manager will testify, they labelled Blues the best side in the division - and insisted they would back them not just to go up but to finish top.
If Money did make the bet, they lost. Blues finished third. But up they went – thanks, not least, to those two nifty buys by The Bald Eagle.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More and more people are turning to budget supermarkets to save money on their weekly shop.
German retailer Aldi was named the cheapest supermarket in the UK following a study by The Grocer magazine.
It found a basket of essential items was more than 15 per cent cheaper than at its nearest-priced competitor, Asda.
Aldi won the top prize at the SuperMeat & Fish Awards 2017, where it was named Meat & Fish Retailer of the Year for the first time in the award's 20-year history.
The discount supermarket beat the likes of Marks & Spencer and Morrisons on product quality.
(Image: David Bentley)
Aldi also scooped a total of eight trophies for its upcoming Christmas ranges including its turkey. The Specially Selected Exquisite Rumburgh Farm Whole Turkey beat birds from Marks & Spencer which were 26 per cent more expensive.
It all sounds like a good reason to investigate what exactly Aldi has to offer - and what you need to know when shopping there.
Here's what we found on recent shopping trips to Aldi that you should bear in mind.
1. There are some unusual offers just inside the entrance
(Image: David Bentley)
The first time we went, there was a big stack of vintage-style record players just inside the entrance door, then we visited again and saw boxes of garden tools.
And there's always a pile of the Aldi Amazing Specialbuys magazines so you can grab one and browse at home - you'll find items such as a waffle maker (£19.99), Canon printer (£22.99), bluetooth headphones (£16.99) and men's and women's hoodies (£7.99).
2. They do basic items in an Everyday essential range
(Image: David Bentley)
If you just want cheap and standard food items and aren't bothered about brands or top quality, then the Everyday Essentials is for you. Among this range, there's a jar of jam for 28p and a jar of marmalade for 27p.
Or you can pay a bit more for branded items - that pushes the price of marmalade up to 49p for a jar made by Grandessa, which is still a bargain.
3. But it's not all basic, they do posh stuff too
(Image: David Bentley)
If you think Aldi is all about basics, you'd be wrong. They do some fancy foods too, in a range called Specially Selected.
For instance, there's a pack of four Rhubarb, Apple and Cinnamon Fruit Pies for 99p, four Rosemary and Seasalt Focaccia for 99p and a Superseeded Loaf for 79p.
4. There's even a gluten-free range
(Image: David Bentley)
Free-from foods are now on offer too, following a growing demand from consumers.
Brits wanting to avoid dairy or gluten have forked out an extra £230 million on free-from food and drink in the past year - a rise of more than 40 per cent - according to The Grocer. And you can find these products on the shelves at Aldi. There's gluten-free pasta, bread, muffins, cookies, crackers, soup, porridge and more.
5. As well as dairy-free drinks
(Image: David Bentley)
You can also go dairy-free at Aldi without paying high prices for cartons of milk alternatives. It offers soya priced at just 59p, about a third of the price of some cartons of dairy-free drinks, and also almond at 99p.
6. Along with the trendiest superfoods
(Image: David Bentley)
Flaxseed, linseed, pumpkin seeds, sesame and chia are the latest superfoods. They're full of essential nutrients and can be mixed into porridge, yoghurt or smoothies. New to Aldi is a Linseed Mix for £1.79 as well as superfood powders from the Funktional Foods range.
You can even get peanut butter with pumpkin, sunflower and sesame seeds (we tried it and loved it, it's priced £1.19).
7. But watch out for the pricing displays
(Image: David Bentley)
In some parts of an Aldi store, the prices for items are NOT displayed directly underneath, on the same shelf. Instead they are on the shelf above - and for top shelf items the prices are on a bar high over your head.
Look at the picture here where the bread appears to be 35p - but that's actually the pricing for the Everyday Essentials bread on the shelf below. The bread next to that yellow price tag is actually 79p. If items get shoved around on the shelves, it adds to the problem even more.
We got caught out by this when quickly picking up some broccoli that was next to a price display stating 39p but found out at the till it was the organic broccoli costing £1.03. And you get little time for making any changes at the till, as you will find out below.
(Image: David Bentley)
8. The range of sandwiches is pretty good
(Image: David Bentley)
If you want to try somewhere new for your lunchtime dash, then Aldi's sandwiches are worth checking out. They are a great price - and tasted pretty good to us.
Classic sandwiches such as tuna and sweetcorn, ham and cheese, and prawn mayonnaise were £1.39, limited edition sandwiches including coronation chicken, beef and horseradish, and New York deli were £1.99.
9. There's plenty of fresh fruit and veg
(Image: David Bentley)
Budget shops might have an image of being little more than aisles of packets and cans but they do have fresh produce too.
For instance, an Aldi cucumber was 44p, a huge sweet potato 57p, Iceberg lettuce 44p, a pack of courgettes 85p and a pack of onions 47p. Everytime we've visited it was being restocked while we were there, adding to the impression of freshness.
10. The Specialbuys section is a revelation and a temptation
(Image: David Bentley)
There are all sorts of goods in the Specialbuys section of an Aldi supermarket. Every Sunday and Thursday, Aldi offers "an exciting new mix of top-quality, great-value products" - they're limited in stock so once they're gone, they're gone.
Kids seem to love annoying their parents by hiding behind the large wire-basket displays, where you can find shoes, guitars, kitchen equipment, nests of tables and lots more. But be sure to look above for the prices, not below.
And if you are really budget-conscious and want to keep your supermarket shopping bills down, stick to a list and avoid this area altogether.
11. You'll find familiar-looking chocolates with unfamiliar names
(Image: David Bentley)
Move over Snickers, welcome to Racer. And instead of Mars, you'll discover Titan.
Made by Dairyfine, they look pretty much the same and taste pretty much the same.
12. There are fewer toiletries but it's still enough
(Image: David Bentley)
You won't find the same large displays of toiletries and health and beauty products as in Tesco or Sainsbury's. Instead it's just one small section on one side of an aisle but it's still a decent selection suitable for most everyday needs.
Among the items, we found Colgate whitening toothpaste for 79p, handwash for 55p, hayfever tablets for 89p and a container of 50 high-strength cod liver oil capsules (with vitamin D) for 99p.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
13. They do scan the shopping very fast - and this is how to cope with it
It's been pointed out before that the Aldi checkout staff scan your shopping at lightning speed - and you won't believe it until you see it.
Items are rapidly flicked and flung across the checkout area before you can remove already-scanned goods - so it's like a supermarket pinball machine or skittles game gone haywire, giving even the fastest of fingers little time for getting things in bags.
Firstly, be sure to calculate how many bags you need as they are stored on shelves below the conveyor and you need to grab them before your own checkout begins. Otherwise you'll have to go back along the queue and start reaching between other waiting customers to get to the carrier bags.
But most importantly, don't even bother to pack your shopping at the checkout.
If buying more than just a few items, use a trolley, just put everything straight in when it's scanned, then go to the shelf near the exit and do your packing at a pace to suit you.
(Image: David Bentley)
14. The checkout staff are the ones doing refunds as well
Bought the wrong size, got something faulty or unsuitable? There's no Customer Service desk like you might find at Tesco or Sainsbury's. After buying the wrong size in something we didn't really need anyway (we told you the Specialbuys section was a temptation), we went back.
Discovering there was no obvious place for returning goods or sorting out other problems, we asked a member of staff and it turns out that the checkout staff also do the exchanges and refunds.
The till worker looked astonished when we asked if they did indeed handle refunds - as though this happens everywhere - but they did have to get a final authorisation from a manager (so it held up the queue a bit).
We also had to step aside and fill in a form with our name and address while they're starting scanning shopping for the next customer, but it was otherwise fairly painless. Just remember to go to the till if you also want to take something back.
Want to check you are getting the best deal on your groceries? See prices offered at Asda here
The event was part of a monthly series that aims to get seniors out into the community to participate in artistic activities they normally wouldn't.
Home Instead Senior Care and the Quality Center for Rehabilitation and Healing organized the event and plan to do something once a month for the seniors.
“We kicked off the Senior's Artistic Medium Series with the Symphony on the Lawn earlier this summer, and the paint party is the second event in our four-part series,” said Bill Noffsinger, home care consultant for Home Instead Senior Care. “SAMS is aimed at encouraging creativity and a way for us to give back to our local seniors.”
The organization has big plans for the series with both glass-working and pottery events coming in the next two months. Both events are still in the planning phase.
Director of community outreach Brent Jarreau also talked about plans for an art show or gallery at the end of the series.
“This is something that we plan to do year after year,” Jarreuau said. “Once the series is complete, we will have a gallery or reception where the community can come out to vote for their favorites. The winning pieces will then be put on display at prominent local businesses.”
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:19 Charlotte protesters chant, march and confront police after no charges filed against officer who killed Keith Lamont Scott
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Forecasters are predicting that temperatures will soar to the mid 20s C by the weekend if a ridge of high pressure takes charge of the UK's weather.
But a Tropical Storm called Gert brewing in the Atlantic may still dash hopes of a rare glimpse of summer for sun-starved Brits. Repeated low pressure systems from the north Atlantic have dominated for much of July and August, but there is a glimmer of hope that a high could take control to temporarily banish blustery showers from Britain.
The high is expected to build by the weekend and potentially this could lure sunshine and warmer weather to most of the British Isles.
Forecaster Hannah Findley, of The Weather Channel , said that confidence in forecasts for the upcoming week was low because of the possible impact of Tropical Storm Gert.
An area of low pressure will absorb the worst of the storm as it moves towards the UK - hopefully leaving the way clear for higher pressure to take charge.
After this low passes, there will be an area of high pressure over the UK from the middle of next week. Differing forecast models dispute the effect it will have on the country's weather.
Some predictions indicate the high will be filled with warm tropical air, while other options go for cooler conditions with temperatures and rainfall around normal for the time of year, although this could still change.
Temperatures could rise to the low 20s C on Saturday and climb towards 25C (77F) in the south-east on Sunday and Monday, according to some forecasters.
(Image: Weather Channel)
The Met Office agreed there was a chance that dry and brighter spells would develop - although its long-range forecast indicated that this was more likely in the south of the country.
It stated: “For a time during the week there is a small chance of more settled weather becoming established across the UK with the greatest chance of some warmer spells developing in the south.”
--------------------------------------------------
TROPICAL STORM GERT: COULD IT BLOW SUNSHINE HOPES AWAY?
Tropical Storm Gert is currently languishing in the Atlantic but it is unlikely to make landfall. It has been formed from a series of depressions developing into a tropical storm, but it will remain well off the East Coast of America before heading towards Europe.
However it is likely to fizzle out before arriving close to the UK.
In the next few days, Gert is set to curl north along the west side of the Bermuda in a high-pressure system, then accelerate northeast before it gets caught up in the jet stream over the north Atlantic.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The US National Hurricane Centre stated that Gert had maximum sustained winds of 40 mph and was moving from the area around Bermuda towards the Florida coast at 10 mph.
It is expected to strengthen during the next few days and move further east into the Atlantic after Wednesday. Tropical cyclones normally develop from depressions close to the Equator.
These merge into storms and usually drift into areas dominated by westerly winds which blows the system to the east. As they pick up speed, storms can reach 30mph and an average tropical cyclone can travel about 300 to 400 miles a day, or about 3,000 miles before it dies out.
The UK is sometimes affected by deep depressions that are the remnants of tropical cyclones which produce winds of a strength equivalent to a tropical cyclone
Central Scotland list MSP Graham Simpson visited Fix-PC in Brandon Street, Motherwell, to help promote the recent Small Business Saturday.
Owner David Goonery and their brother John currently employ five staff members and have plans to expand that will be able them to take on more people.
Mr Simpson said: “Small Business Saturday is a fantastic way to showcase how vital the services offered in Scotland are to the local community and economy.
“I was invited to see for myself how Fix-PC has grown over the years. David's success is down to their hard work and dedication; they are valued and trusted by the local business community.
“The visit reaffirmed my belief there is always a place for the high street retailer, it was great to see a local company doing so well and with plans to expand I'm sure that it will go on to be a bigger success.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Smart Cities Garner Optimism, But Challenges Remain
Government agencies across the U.S. and around the world are making progress as they experiment with a new generation of smart-city technologies that improve efficiencies, expand services, and reduce costs. While the concept of "smart cities" holds tremendous potential, many challenges remain.
A new report titled, "Building Smarter Cities and Communities," from technology association CompTIA provides interesting insights. CompTIA researchers surveyed 350 government officials and found that nearly three-quarters of them have a positive view of smart city developments.
Anticipated benefits of smart city solutions include cost savings from operational efficiencies; optimizing use of resources; improved government services and interaction for citizens; better stream of data to improve decision-making; and the opportunity to attract tech-savvy workers and businesses.
"The government officials we surveyed have a strong interest in using smart city projects to deliver direct benefits to their citizens and business communities," said Liz Hyman, who serves as CompTIA executive vice president, with a focus on public advocacy.
More Funding and Expertise Needed
Funding challenges are the number one concern for government officials considering smart-city projects. CompTIA noted that, "Most government entities have little wiggle room within budgets to shift funds from critical government services to investments in new areas, such as smart cities."
But money isn't the only problem. Cybersecurity related to smart cities is another top concern, and perhaps even more difficult to overcome.
Calling cybersecurity "mission critical" for any successful smart-city initiative, Hyman explained: "Our nation's smart-cities initiatives will require a new contingent of cyber workers. We must ensure that both private and public entities are deploying policies and initiatives that provide the supply of IT workers to meet the soaring demand."
In fact, CompTIA found that 40 percent of government officials and personnel cite "skills gaps and a lack of necessary expertise" as a primary area of concern affecting the expansion of smart cities initiatives.
"The next phase of smart cities growth will be contingent on expanding the depth and breadth of expertise among government IT staff and, as challenging as it may be, to expand their workforce," said Tim Herbert, senior vice president, research and market intelligence, CompTIA.
Old telecom infrastructure is another obstacle. CompTIA reports that 7 out of 10 municipalities with a smart city initiative or pilot underway report having to make upgrades to their telecommunications infrastructure before proceeding.
Other challenges the research found involve management and direction. These issues revolve around building a business case for a smart city project; finding government and community leaders to champion the effort; and, deciding which initiatives are most worthwhile.
Next Steps
The CompTIA report concludes that four major factors will continue to influence the timeline for building smart cities:
Elevating the understanding of smart city concepts will take time, but "bridge technologies" -- including smart technologies for the home and office -- can help.
Making the leap from digital to "smart" will require advancements on many fronts, from technology and broadband infrastructures to workflow and user experience.
Collecting, managing, and securing data properly will be absolutely critical to smart city success.
Keeping smart cities cyber-safe will require resources and a commitment to shared responsibilities for security.
The full report on "Building Smarter Cities and Communities" is available directly from CompTIA to registered users.
Additional information and resources are available from the Smart Cities Council, which is hosting the Smart Cities Week 2017 conference in Washington, DC, this week.
Making Progress
Wondering who's working on smart-city products and services?
Some of the companies exhibiting at Smart Cities Week 2017 include: Amazon Web Services, AT&T, Batelle, Bosch, CIVIQ, Comcast, CompTIA, Dell EMC, DLT, Deloitte, EY, Fybr, HERE, Hitachi, Itron, Mapbox, Parsons, Pennoni, Qualcomm, Seat Pleasant, SyNexxus, Verizon, and Victor Stanley.
And in Innovation Alley at the show were: Ameresco, Canada, Connected Nation Exchange, CIMCON Lighting, CityBase, Commsignia, CommuniThings, Databuoy, Echelon, Gannett Fleming, German Federal Ministry of Education, IES, IKE Smart City, Inrix, LimeBike, Localintel, netLINK Controls, OpenDataSoft, RadioLocus, Ruckus, S&C Electric Company, Smart City Media, Ubicquia, Waycare, and the Wireless Infrastructure Association.
Image credit: iStock.
A Russian court on Monday jailed a former martial arts champion and notorious neo-Nazi for three and a half years after they forced 12 prostitutes to walk naked through the streets of Saint Petersburg.
Vyacheslav Datsik broke into a small hotel that also functioned as a brothel in the centre of the northwestern city in May 2016 after declaring a “war on prostitutes”.
Acting with accomplices, they then forced 12 women and a man — allegedly a client — to follow them to a police station while still naked.
Datsik told police that they “just wanted the women to march in their work uniforms”.
They were found guilty of hooliganism, breaking into property and a “premeditated attack on the health of others”.
Investigators also established that Datsik stole 50,000 rubles ($863, 700 euros at the current rate) from a safe in the brothel and beat up three other women.
Datsik, a former kick-boxing and mixed martial arts (MMA) champion, was first arrested in 2010 after robbing several mobile phone stores.
They were then placed in a psychiatric facility, from which they escaped and fled to Oslo in 2010, where they unsuccessfully appealed for asylum while carrying a loaded gun.
They were promptly arrested.
They were later photographed in an Oslo courtroom wearing a black T-shirt with a swastika and — despite wearing handcuffs — making an improvised form of Nazi salute.
Sentenced to eight months in prison in Norway for illegal possession of weapons, they were then extradited to Russia in 2011.
Marshall team involved in eclipse balloon project
hello
HUNTINGTON, W.Va. -- Some Marshall University students and faculty will participate in a project to launch high-altitude balloons during next week's solar eclipse.
Marshall says the West Virginia Space Grant Consortium chose the team to launch a helium-filled balloon next Monday in southern Illinois. The balloon will carry a video camera and other equipment to an altitude of up to 100,000 feet. The live video feed will be available on NASA's website.
The statement says 55 teams are participating across the United States. The Marshall team chose the remote site near Cobden, Illinois, in part because it's in the area of the total eclipse.
Marshall associate physics professor Jon Saken also says they grew up in Cobden and their parents still live in the same house, so their team will have a free place to stay.
Former US President Barack Obama met with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong as part of their Asia Pacific tour. March 19, 2018. Source: Facebook - Lee Hsien Loong
9 Social Buzz
BARACK Obama has proved to be a hit while meeting with young leaders, entrepreneurs and the prime minister during their whistle-stop tour of Singapore on Monday.
The stop was part of a weeklong tour that will also see the former US president stop in New Zealand, Australia and Japan.
On Monday, they attended an Obama Foundation discussion with young adults representing Southeast Asian nations. They then went on to give a speech, commissioned by the Bank of Singapore, as part of the Thought Leadership Series where they proved popular with the 1,000-member crowd of the private bank's clients and guests from all around the world.
In Singapore with young people who are advocating for education, empowering young women, and getting involved all over Southeast Asia with a profoundly optimistic commitment to building the world they want to see. https://t.co/so4Uqouu8M — Barack Obama (@BarackObama) March 19, 2018
“It's, like, 10 times better than seeing a Korean pop star,” entrepreneur Delane Lim told the Straits Times.
“The one thing I took away most was how they said we should have hope and how we should take action to make things happen,” trainee teacher Wong Zi Heng said after receiving a special invite to watch Obama speak.
Earlier today, young leaders from across Southeast Asia joined President @BarackObama for a conversation on making a positive impact in their communities. Get to know the young leaders and their work to change the world: https://t.co/YImPUZZ9xb pic.twitter.com/MK6QlI1eJZ — The Obama Foundation (@ObamaFoundation) March 19, 2018
Earlier in the day, they met with young leaders from across Southeast Asia to hear about the work they are doing in their communities, and to discuss how the Obama Foundation can support them to take their work to the next level.
Participants included Burmese MP Zin Mar Aung, education activists Kimsru Duth from Cambodia, Teach for the Philippines co-founder Clarissa Isabelle Delgado, and Malaysian environmental and poverty activist Ganesh Murrurti, who said on Twitter that they were “starstrucked” by the discussion with Obama.
Heading out to enjoy the evening after being starstrucked by a discussion that was chaired by President @BarackObama himself. @ObamaFoundation is here to make waves. pic.twitter.com/HbZkHWbfA4 — Ganesh muren (@ganeshmuren) March 19, 2018
The president also met with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, their first meeting since 2016.
In a Facebook post on Monday evening, Lee said it was “a pleasure catching up” and gave an insight into Obama's life after the White House.
“A lot has happened since we last met at APEC 2016 in Lima, so we had much to talk about. Happy to hear that they are busy working with their foundation and other charities,” the post read. “The best part about life after the presidency – more time with family and friends!”
According to AP, Obama will spend Wednesday to Friday in New Zealand where he'll meet with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and participate in separate moderated conversations hosted by the New Zealand-United States Council and their foundation.
They will then drop in to Sydney on Friday and Saturday to meet with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
They end their trip in Tokyo on Sunday.
CBRE completes 3 industrial leases
hello
Greencore, a London-based international producer of convenience foods, signed a three-year extension of 443,010 square feet at 1100 Remington Boulevard in Bolingbrook. Courtesy of CBRE
CBRE recently represented three separate tenants in the Chicago area in leases totaling 1,318,000 square feet.
Matt Mulvihill, Kevin Segerson, Cal Payne and Philip DeBoer of CBRE represented the tenants in each transaction.
In the first transaction, the team represented Brake Parts Inc. in an eight-year extension of 378,350 square feet at 1100 Corporate Drive and 228,000 square feet at 4400 Prime in McHenry. Brake Parts Inc., is a manufacturer and supplier of brake parts and a global leader in the aftermarket automotive industry.
Greencore, a London-based international producer of convenience foods, signed a five-year extension of 443,010 square feet at 1100 Remington Boulevard in Bolingbrook.
In the final transaction, St. George Logistics signed a five-year renewal for 268,645 square feet at 875 Devon Avenue in Elk Grove Village. St. George Logistics is a provider of ocean and air CFS, distribution, transportation and value-added services in North America.
CBRE Group, a Fortune 500 and S&P 500 company headquartered in Los Angeles, is the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment firm (based on 2016 revenue).
Image from “Coco”; Disney/Pixar(NEW YORK) — Disney/Pixar's Coco topped the box office for the third week in row, with an estimated $18.6 million haul, bringing its total earnings stateside to $135.5 million. Overseas, the animated feature earned another $15.4 million, bringing its worldwide take to an estimated $390 million.
Justice League took second place, delivering an estimated $9.5 million. Internationally, it raked in an estimated $15.4 million, bringing its global earnings to upwards of $600 million.
Third place belonged to Wonder, posting an estimated $8.45 million weekends.
The Disaster Artist — starring James and Dave Franco — impressed in its first week of wide release, raking in an estimated $6.4 million for a fourth place finish.
Thor: Ragnarok rounded out the top five, earning an estimated $6.29 million, making it the 10th Marvel film to cross the $300 million plateau. It tacked on a little over $3 million overseas, bringing its worldwide total to more than $833 million — ahead of Wonder Woman and seventh behind Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.
Just Getting Started got off to a dismal start at the box office. The comedy, starring Morgan Freeman and Tommy Lee Jones, earned an estimated $3.18 million, for a 10th place finish.
ABC, like Marvel, is owned by Disney.
Here are the top 10 movies from Friday through Sunday, with estimated weekend gross ticket sales:
1. Coco, $18.6 million
2. Justice League, $9.5 million
3. Wonder, $8.45 million
4. The Disaster Artist, $6.4 million
5. Thor: Ragnarok, $6.29 million
6. Daddy's Home 2, $6 million
7. Murder on the Orient Express, $5.1 million
8. The Star, $3.67 million
9. Lady Bird, $3.5 million
10. Just Getting Started, $3.18 million
[embedded content]
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Mayor Dan Rivera of Lawrence, Massachusetts, is speaking out against Donald Trump after the president blamed their city for the opioid problem in New Hampshire.
President Donald Trump singled out the city of Lawrence, Massachusetts, as a significant source of the drugs pouring into New Hampshire during a speech on their new opioid plan Monday.
Speaking at Manchester Community College, Trump said Lawrence is "one of the primary sources of fentanyl in six New Hampshire counties," according to a Dartmouth College study. They tied this to the fact that Lawrence is a so-called sanctuary city, and also cited the recent arrest of 15 MS-13 gang members in Boston.
"Every day, sanctuary cities release illegal immigrants, drug dealers, traffickers, gang members, into our cities," Trump said. "They're protected by these cities, and you say, 'What are they doing?' They're safe havens for just some terrible people, and they're making it very dangerous for our law enforcement officers.
"You see it all the time," they continued. "As the people of New Hampshire have learned firsthand, ending sanctuary cities is crucial to stopping the drug addiction crisis."
Trump Unveils Opioid Plan in NH
The president was in New Hampshire Monday to speak about the opioid crisis. (Published 6 hours ago)
Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera fired back at Trump later Monday afternoon.
"I've got a lot of emotions running through me right now, because it's not very often that the president takes your city's name in vain. So I'd like to start by saying shame on the president'" Rivera said. "He's trafficking in pain and divisiveness, creating boogiemen where we need solutions."
Furthermore, Rivera argued, Trump's proposed solution is one that has failed in the past.
"I'm a Reagan baby, I'm a kid from the 80s. I remember the crack epidemic. I remember the 'Just Say No' to drugs campaigns. I remember the increased prison time for dealers and users," they recalled. "But you know what beat the crack epidemic and the cocaine epidemic? It was police practicing community policing, jobs for inner-city kids, and treatment, treatment, treatment. Serious, long-term, expensive treatment."
U.S. Rep. Bill Keating, a Democrat from Massachusetts and a member of the bipartisan Heroin Task Force, agreed that the epidemic should not be combated as a crime.
"Over a decade and a half ago, as Norfolk County district attorney, I started an opioid task force, and what I learned from my experience is that the president has it all wrong," Keating said in a statement. "Back then, I was tasked with the responsibility of approaching it from a criminal side, but I learned this is much more a public health issue. That is why the Centers for Disease Control advocates for an approach of combining medically assisted and behavioral health treatment as the best course."
"Massachusetts has been a leader in treatment and prevention natinwide," Keating added. "While interdiction and law enforcement have a place, the narrow approach that dominated the president's remarks today simply won't work. President Trump is taking us backwards."
Rivera pointed to Trump's earlier criticisms of the Granite State and accused them of politicizing a deadly crisis.
"Talking out of both sides of their mouth today, they went to New Hampshire, smiling in New Hampshire's face, after calling them a 'drug-infested den.' This is not a political problem, this is not a crime problem, this is not an immigration problem. This is a human problem," Rivera said. "This is an American problem, with more than 175 Americans dying every day. And the president continues to treat every problem that faces our country like a campaign rally, and it's not."
New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu, who Trump praised in their speech Monday, offered similar criticism of Lawrence a year ago, accusing the city of fueling the Granite State's drug crisis.
Sununu labeled Lawrence as the prime source of fentanyl coming into their state and warned that they were about to "get tough" on dealers across the state border.
Rivera hit back at the time, accusing Sununu of "threatening the sovereignty" of Massachusetts and failing to build enough treatment beds in New Hampshire.
"The opioid crisis is so large that no community is without a problem, and to make it about Lawrence is the trap," Rivera said.
Sununu and Rivera later spoke on the phone, after which Sununu said Lawrence has been "doing a good job" on the opioid issue.
Sununu wasn't the first New England governor to accuse Lawrence, a city of many immigrants, of fueling the region's drug crisis. Maine Gov. Paul LePage said black and Hispanic drug dealers from Lawrence and Lowell were trafficking drugs into their state.
Trump was in New Hampshire on Monday to unveil their plan to combat the country's opioid crisis. Their plan calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under the current law.
Trump's three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options.
TROY — Troy Christian High School is inviting the public for a trip under the sea with their spring production of “The Little Mermaid.”
Shows are set for Thursday, April 26, Friday, April 27, and Saturday, April 28, at 7 p.m.
“The musical this year had been narrowed down to two Disney shows,” said director Andrew Spoon. “They've only done one other Disney show here in the past. It was ‘Beauty and the Beast,' and it was well-received by everyone, especially the kids at the elementary school. I think another Disney show was just a natural choice.”
Spoon, who is directing for the first time, indicated that the visual aesthetic of the show sets it apart from past shows, particularly the show's unique underwater lighting.
“The whole thing is very whimsical and light-hearted,” Spoon said. “It's a crowd-pleaser. It's quick and fun, and great for the whole family.”
“I love the Christ-based atmosphere here, and that we're giving glory to God the whole time,” said senior Ava Linder, who is portraying Ariel. “It's a fantastic feeling. We have a new director this year, who's put a different twist on things. And who doesn't love a Disney musical?”
“There's a satisfaction you get from being part of a production this big,” said senior Noah Davidson, who is portraying Prince Eric. “It's cool to be able to bring in a crowd and get them excited.”
“I've been doing shows since elementary school,” said junior Sammi Marcum. “You make a lot of friends and the directors have been great. It's fun all around.”
The cast includes, alphabetically, Abby Baker as Scuttle, Trent Bianco as King Triton, Ava Bryant as Windward, Jenna Bryant as Flotsam, Brenna Coate as Leeward, Noah Davidson as Prince Eric, Gabe Ison as Pilot and Jetsam, Jacob Johns as Grimsby, Ava Linder as Ariel, Sammi Marcum as Ursula, Hannah Schaffnit as Sebastian, and Kelsey Sisco as Flounder and Chef Louis.
The cast also features Ariel's six mersisters, including Lauren Adkins as Allana, Julia Cercile as Atina, Elizabeth Davis as Andrina, Nichole Seagraves as Aquata, Allison Salyer as Adella, and Brittney Swartz as Arista.
The ensemble also features, alphabetically, Chelsea Baker, Megan Baker, Ellie Brubaker, Julia Cercile, Mya Kendall, Hayden Nichols, Kenzie Tkach, and Olivia Voisenet.
Tickets are available at the front office, and are $12 for adults and $7 for students. Children 5 and under are free, but require a ticket to be admitted.
The cast and crew request that all attending arrive at least 15 minutes prior to the start of each performance.
For more information, visit www.troy.k12.oh.us.
Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Left to right, Trent Bianco as King Triton, Ava Linder as Ariel, Hannah Schaffnit as Sebastian, and Kelsey Sisco as Flounder engage in an undersea confrontation in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.” http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_LittleMermaid4-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Left to right, Trent Bianco as King Triton, Ava Linder as Ariel, Hannah Schaffnit as Sebastian, and Kelsey Sisco as Flounder engage in an undersea confrontation in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.” Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Ariel, played by Ava Linder, admires a dinglehopper in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.” http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_LittleMermaid1-2.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Ariel, played by Ava Linder, admires a dinglehopper in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.” Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News King Triton, played by Trent Bianco, addresses their kingdom in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.” http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_LittleMermaid3-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News King Triton, played by Trent Bianco, addresses their kingdom in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.” Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Sebastian, played by Hannah Schaffnit, gets feisty in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.” http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_LittleMermaid2-2.jpg Cody Willoughby | Troy Daily News Sebastian, played by Hannah Schaffnit, gets feisty in Troy Christian High School's spring production of “The Little Mermaid.”
By Cody Willoughby cwilloughby@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Cody Willoughby at cwilloughby@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Cody Willoughby at cwilloughby@aimmediamidwest.com
The damage left by Hurricane Irma may be adding time to your commute.
The storm damaged more than half of the traffic lights in Lee County.
“There's a lot of them that are still down in a lot of areas I drive through,” said Virgil Metcalf, a San Carlos Park resident.
The county said the storm damaged 285 of the 427 traffic signals, including county, city and state signals.
“You know your typical three or four lights across, there would be two that were missing,” said Richard Fechter of Lehigh Acres.
Besides the lights, the county also has damage to some of its vehicle detection cameras, which affects traffic signal timing and the ability for the intersections to sync with each other. The county said one of the intersections affected was Metro Parkway and Winkler Avenue.
“If you're on Metro, that'll take you at least four or five lights to get through,” said Patty Maliszewski of Cape Coral.
Traffic is expected to increase in the coming months as seasonal residents make their way down.
“It's awful; it takes me about 15 more minutes to get to work every day,” Maliszewski said.
Lee County DOT adjusts the timing of many signals for the pickup in traffic during the season and said the damage shouldn't keep that from happening.
The county said the main piece of equipment used to manage traffic was “largely undamaged” because it's an underground fiber system, which also tracks traffic at intersections.
The county said they expect 95 percent of the system to be restored by the end of October. In the meantime, the county asks drivers to be patient and give themselves a few extra minutes for their commute.
The traffic monitoring system is not at every intersection in Lee County. In February, Lee County Commissioners accepted a $9.2 million grant from the state to add the system along east-west roads. The additions are known as Phase Two. The county said construction on this phase wouldn't start until December or January, once hurricane season is over. The additions will give the county communication with 90 percent of its nearly 430 signals.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp insists they won't allow sentiment to influence their St Andrew's rebuild this summer.
The Birmingham City manager has promised a busy transfer window as they remould a squad that has been pretty stable for the last few seasons.
And while they recognise the fact they have been bequeathed some good players - they want to bring even more to St Andrew's.
That started on Tuesday with the addition of David Stockdale to challenge Blues' existing goalkeepers.
“You need to keep looking to improve your team, unfortunately there's no room for sentiment in this game,” Redknapp told Blues TV.
“I am looking to build a team at Birmingham that can be challenging at the top end of the table, not struggling at the bottom end.
“You have got to make decisions, it doesn't make you popular with some people but that's football.
“No-one cares at the end of it, they don't go: ‘He was very loyal to certain players'.
“I have got to get players in that are going to make the difference to this team, take this team from fifth from bottom to up there challenging for the top spots.”
Follow the writer...
Twitter: https://twitter.com/briandick
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/blueswriterbriandick/
More on Blues...
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/birminghamcitynews/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/BCFC_News
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Ikeja – Innocent Chukwuma, the Chairman of Innoson Motors Ltd, on Wednesday in Lagos failed to appear for their scheduled arraignment for the sixth time over alleged fraud.
Innoson was scheduled to appear before a new judge, Justice Olusola Williams, at an Ikeja Special Offences Court.
Justice Mojisola Dada, the judge initially assigned to hear the case, had withdrawn following Innoson's Feb. 12 petition to the National Judicial Council (NJC).
The NJC while absolving Dada of any wrongdoing, recommended that the case be reassigned by the Chief Judge of Lagos State, Justice Opeyemi Oke, to another judge, and was subsequently reassigned to Williams.
Following the absence of the automobile CEO in court on Wednesday, Williams asked the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to produce them for arraignment on the new date of sitting.
The judge said: “I believe it is the job of the prosecution to bring the defendant to court.
“The judge is just to make an order that they should appear in court but we cannot enforce the order. The responsibility still lies on the EFCC to make sure they are in court,”
NAN also reports that Innoson had previously failed to appear before Justice Dada five times and had been declared wanted by the judge following a request by the EFCC.
Earlier during proceedings, Mr Anselem Ozioko, the lead EFCC counsel, had informed the court that Innoson and their legal representatives were absent in court.
“My Lord, it appears that the second defendant and my learned colleagues from the other side are not in court.
“He has refused to come for their arraignment for the sixth time even when the matter was before your learned brother, Justice Dada, despite all efforts to bring them here.
“He has also filed seven different applications in between the period they were supposed to be arraigned,” Ozioko said.
The prosecutor said that the applications filed by Innoson to allegedly stall their arraignment are an application challenging the jurisdiction of court, an application to disqualify themselves from the charge before the court.
Others are an order of stay of execution on bench warrant issued by the court and a stay of execution of warrant of arrest.
Ozioko also informed the court that Innoson had refused to honor the court's order by their continuous absence in court after they were granted an administrative bail by the EFCC.
“My Lord, in view of the absence of the defendant, we shall be asking for an adjournment date.”
Williams, however, adjourned the case until Oct. 10 for arraignment.
Chukwuma and their company, Innoson Motors Nigeria Ltd., were to be arraigned on a four-count charge of conspiracy to obtain property by false pretences, stealing and forgery in a transaction with Guaranty Trust Bank (GTB).
According to the charge, the defendants committed the offences between 2009 and July 2011 in Lagos.
The EFCC alleged that the defendants with intent to defraud, conspired to obtain by false pretences containers of motorcycle, spare parts and raw materials, property of GTB from Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd, Apapa, Lagos.
They are alleged to have fraudulently induced staff of Mitsui OSK and Maersk Line to deliver to them via their clearing agents the goods which were imported from China in the name of GTB by falsely pretending that they were authorized by the bank to clear the goods.
The prosecution claimed that the defendants in order to facilitate the fraud forged a bill of lading numbered 598286020 of Maersk Line Limited and 11007950841 of Mutsui O.S.K Lines by knowingly putting a false GTB stamp and signature of the bank staff.
The alleged forgery was in order that the forged documents be used or acted upon as genuine to the prejudice of any person within Lagos or elsewhere.
The offences contravened Sections 1(1)(b), 1(3), and 8(a) of the Advanced Fee Fraud and Other Related Offences Act 2016 and Sections 309(9), 388, 465 and 467(1)(j) of the Criminal Code, Laws of Lagos State 2003. (NAN)
In case you're unaware, Sarah Jessica Parker and Kim Cattrall are in an endless, ongoing feud. Like, to the point where The Neverending Story might secretly be a movie about their relationship. And the latest update? SJP has declared that she's never said one unkind thing to their former Sex and the City co-star.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I'd just like to remind everybody that there is no catfight," they told Vulture. "I have never uttered an unkind, unsupportive, unfriendly word, so I would love to redefine it. I also want to remind everybody that there were four women on the set and I spent equal time with all of them, so this was not a set with two women who didn't get along."
Cut to Kim over here all:
Giphy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But wait, there's more! SJP also spoke about Kim turning down the opportunity to do another Sex and the City film, saying, "I've always held Kim's work in high regard and always [been] appreciative of their contributions. If they choose not to do the third movie, there's not a lot I can do to change their mind and we must respect it. That's the only thing I've ever said about it, you know?"
Great, but back to the feud which SJP would (understandably) prefer not being labeled a "catfight":
"But, no, there is no catfight, there never has been a catfight. I've never fought with someone publicly in my life, nor would I. And I spent time with all of the women on the set. People need to recall that it wasn't just two women on the set fighting because that just never happened. We are enormously proud of what we got to do and I don't want someone sharing thoughts publicly, which is Kim's right to do and that is what it is, but we spent 10, 12 years of our life doing something that I really loved and I feel privileged to be part of and I don't want this to eclipse it or change its experience for that audience that was so good to us for so long."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As a reminder, the recent drama between SJP and Cattrall started when the latter told Piers Morgan that their co-star "could have been nicer" during their time on Sex and the City.
Then, things got even weirder when SJP reached out to Cattrall following the death of their brother, and Cattrall responded, "You are not my family. You are not my friend."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Petr Cech has explained the difference between the selection policies at Chelsea and Arsenal.
The goalkeeper said they 'enjoyed' playing for Chelsea - and how team selection was decided on a 'game by game' basis.
Cech compared that to the current situation at Arsenal, where David Ospina has emerged as the club's preferred goalkeeper over Cech in cup competitions.
The 35-year-old, appearing as a guest on BBC's Match of the Day coverage of Chelsea's FA Cup quarter final win at Leicester, said: "At Chelsea we never decided which competition you play, it was a game by game process.
"If you kept playing well then you were fit and you didn't need rest then the manager had their choice to pick the goalkeeper for the competitions.
"Sometimes I would sit a game out or be on the bench but it would not be decided, 'You play this competition, you play this competition'.
"I enjoyed that because I love this competition for example, to be involved and play FA Cup games. Any other competition makes it a bit more spicy and special."
When asked by Gary Lineker if they feel frustrated by not playing in FA Cup games, Cech replied: "Well, you have to respect the way your manager sets up the team or what they plan for the season.
"I had known prior to the season that David would play the FA Cup games. Obviously I would love to play the competition as well but you have to respect the manager's decisions.
"I ended up playing the quarter-final and semi-final [last season], but then I didn't play the final so I had some part in the process.
"It's about respecting your colleague and your coach's decision. Obviously you can tell you would prefer the other way but it's the decision of the coach."
More: Sanchez' struggles
Alexis Sanchez has been blasted by Alan Shearer as the former Arsenal favourite struggles to settle in at Manchester United.
Sanchez has failed to live up to their billing since swapping the Gunners for United in January, with just one goal in 10 appearances.
And BBC Match of the Day pundit Shearer admits the Chilean playmaker looks like a different player from the one who sparkled at the Emirates.
Writing in a column for bookmakers Coral , Shearer said: "They signed Alexis Sanchez and it looks like they have got their twin brother.
"He looks like the little boy the lost. It is the coach's job to get the best out of the players."
Shearer also criticised Jose Mourinho and said the Old Trafford boss must take responsibility for their under-performing stars.
"When you look at the players they had on the pitch against Sevilla, the likes of Lukaku, Sanchez and Rashford, they had enough quality on the pitch and they should have been able to get the win in front of their home supporters," they added.
"United knew what they were getting when they signed Mourinho, a man who has an arrogance about them but delivers trophies.
"It might not be pretty at times but they get you trophies just like they did last season. Having said all that, the football they have been playing has not been entertaining at all."
Arsenal rivalled
Wolves hope to beat off competition from Arsenal and Monaco for AC Milan striker Andre Silva should they secure promotion to the Premier League, according to reports.
The Mirror claims the Portuguese forward has failed to live up to expectations since their £34m move from Porto to the San Siro last summer - scoring their first Serie A goal of the season just last week.
They claim the Championship club's relationship with Jorge Mendes and the likelihood of being able to offer Premier League football, means the move to Molineux could appeal.
Especially with Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo in charge, having previously worked together with the Dragons.
The Mirror reckon competition for the 22-year-old will come from the Gunners, as well as Monaco and Valencia .
Despite struggling in the league, Silva has mustered a more respectable eight goals in 14 Europa League games.
This isn't the first time SIlva has been linked with a club record move to Molineux.
The rumour first emerged towards the end of the January transfer window but nothing materialised.
Yaron Blum, Israel's coordinator of efforts to free two Israeli captives in Gaza, told Knesset members that there will be no further exchange of prisoners like the one that enabled the release of captured IDF soldier Gilad Schalit in 2011, Israel's Kan news reported Wednesday.
From Israel's perspective, the only potential deal would entail an easing of the humanitarian crisis in Gaza Strip in exchange for the remains of two IDF soldiers held by Hamas, Oron Shaul and Hadar Goldin, and two captured Israeli citizens Abera Mengistu and Hisham al-Sayed.
Blum was appointed in 2017 to serve as the coordinator of efforts to retreive the remains of the fallen soldiers and return the Israelis held by Hamas in Gaza.Blum served for two decades in the Shin Bet (Israel Security Agency), where they held several top management and command positions, including as a member of the small team that worked to free Schalit. They left the agency in 2011.Blum's statement to the Knesset followed a session of the body's Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee Tuesday, in which members of Mengistu's family met with lawmakers.
Olly Murs is coming to Dundee, it was announced today.
The 32-year-old Essex lad is the third major act to be confirmed for the city's newest concert venue at Slessor Gardens.
Their support artist for their visit to the City of Discovery will be the 2015 X Factor winner Louisa Johnson, who will be joining Olly on their July 20 gig, part of their summer tour.
The announcement follows in the footsteps of UB40 and Little Mix, who have both already revealed they will play the outdoor venue this summer.
Will Dawson, convener of Dundee City Council's city development committee, said: “This announcement makes it a hat-trick of top talent for the city this summer and offers gig-goers in Dundee, and beyond, the chance to experience a very special artist at a unique location. Slessor Gardens gives us the flexibility of staging large-scale outdoor gigs and is proving to be a powerful draw for promoters and artists.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Olly, one of British pop music's biggest stars, will undertake their biggest number of headline shows across the UK this summer. Dundee is the latest city to be added to their schedule, with Olly adding: “I am thrilled to play outdoors at the Slessor Gardens in Dundee.
“I love performing in Scotland — the audiences are always so receptive and fun.
“It's going to be an amazing gig on 20 July.”
Liz Doogan-Hobbs MBE, chief executive of LHG Live — the promoters responsible for both Little Mix and Olly coming to Dundee — explained: “We are delighted to be working with Olly Murs on their UK Summer Tour.
Olly is one of the best male solo artists in the UK and the perfect artist for our venues.”
Since Olly shot to fame in 2009 as a contestant on the X Factor, they have recorded four multi-platinum albums, produced four Number 1 singles, and has total record sales exceeding 10 million.
They have since become the most successful solo artist ever to come from X Factor.
The 19-year old singer is the youngest ever winner of the talent show.
Tickets for Olly's July concert will go on general sale on Friday at 9am.
Tickets for Little Mix's Slessor show sold out in a number of hours.
Ms Doogan-Hobbs saying she'd be very surprised if Olly's show didn't follow the same suit.
CTV Vancouver
A hazmat team was called to the Coquitlam RCMP detachment Monday morning after someone entered the building carrying suspicious white powder.
Firefighters first attended the scene at around 9:30 a.m. after a person went into the detachment claiming they had been poisoned and pulled out a package of the unidentified substance.
The powder spread over one of the countertops. Crews have since cordoned off that area as a precaution.
Ten people were exposed to the substance, according to Greg Senior, assistant chief of operations with the Coquitlam fire department. None of them showed any symptoms of poisoning, but were closely examined by paramedics.
"We have to be careful, especially with all the fentanyl and carfentanil that's out there. We've turned off the HVAC and secured that area. We have to protect all the workers."
The powder is now being tested and an environmental agency is also helping with the cleanup so that workers at the detachment can safely return to work.
SANTA ANA, Calif. — NBC-TV says actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport.
NBC reports that Ford, an experienced pilot, was told to land on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but they mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby.
NBC says air traffic control recordings have Ford asking: “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?”
Harrison Ford, 74, nearly crashes their plane AGAIN https://t.co/4y6a4x9nL6 via @MailOnline — George Hatcher Sr. (@GeorgeHatcher) February 14, 2017
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas.
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was the pilot of the single-engine Husky, but they say the pilot received and read back the proper landing instructions.
The FAA is investigating.
A Canadian man pleaded guilty today in Rochester, New York to conspiring to defraud the United States and commit theft of government funds, announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Stuart M. Goldberg of the Justice Department's Tax Division and Acting U.S. Attorney James P. Kennedy Jr. for the Western District of New York.
Melania Trump, aside the State Dining Room (L) and Cross Hall (R) as seen ahead of the state dinner. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images, Alex Wong/Getty Images.
The president and first lady are hosting their first state dinner on Tuesday night, a feast in honor of French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife, Brigitte. The president said during the campaign that expensive state dinners should be abolished in favor of “eating a hamburger at a conference table.” But the only real break from tradition on Tuesday is the decision not to invite a single Democratic member of Congress, or journalist, to attend.
Tuesday's dinner is being described in the press as an especially significant event for Melania Trump. State dinners are organized by the first lady's office and are traditionally read as an expression of the first lady's taste. If the entire concept of a “first lady” is retrograde, then the state dinner is the apogee of that quaint role: a dinner-party hostess performing a high-wire act of diplomacy, taste, and wifeliness on the world stage. For a first lady who has seemed less than enthusiastic in their “job” for some reason, it is an opportunity to perform the kind of high-stakes aesthetics at which they have always excelled.
On Monday, the first lady's Twitter account shared a series of photos of Melania “checking on the final details” of the dinner, which involved gesturing at cherry blossoms, standing in a dining room, and holding a sheet of paper.
Spent yesterday with my team checking on the final details of our first State Dinner with France. pic.twitter.com/vHoQ1rTA3s — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 23, 2018
As usual, every detail of Tuesday's dinner has become freighted with dubious significance: the “crème” and gold color scheme, the 2,500 stems of white sweet peas, the mix of china services from the Clinton and George W. Bush presidencies. The French-inflected menu includes rack of lamb, jambalaya prepared “in the New Orleans tradition,” nectarine tarts, and American wines. The chef is using celery, onions, and herbs from the White House garden installed by Michelle Obama. At around 120 people, the guest list on Tuesday is smaller than usual, though Donald Trump also previously said they offered to install a $100 million collapsible ballroom during the Obama administration to accommodate large state dinner crowds. Shockingly, that never came to fruition.
The modern state dinner has been a tradition since the 19th century, when President Ulysses S. Grant hosted the last king of Hawaii during the Christmas season of 1874. Grant's wife, Julia, had imported an Italian chef to the White House and saw diplomatic entertaining as a palette to express their refined tastes. Details from that event are almost interchangeable with Tuesday night's affair: banks of flowers in the dining room, new crystal chandeliers, a performance by a Marine band, an elaborate meal of some 30 courses. Despite the consistently breathless reporting, the things that can go “wrong” in a state dinner typically look ridiculous in retrospect—like the supposed scandal of “party crashers” Tareq and Michaele Salahi in 2009. (At one point, the Washington Post devoted 2,300 words and three reporters to investigating the mishap, under the rubric “TRAIL OF ACCUSATIONS.” A different era!)
It's fitting that state dinners are so often compared to another ritual bound up in performances of old-school gender roles. Like traditionalist weddings, state dinners involve both men and women, but are organized by women and viewed as the first lady's special event. In their memoir, Laura Bush said they were far more nervous before their first state dinner than before their vows. “A state dinner is far more intricate, an elaborate display of hundreds of moving parts, from guest lists and menus, which require an advance tasting, to table seatings, arrival protocols, and choices of linens, flowers, china, and silver, even the champagnes and wines,” they wrote. “If the four-hour evening is flawless, it is only because of the hundreds of hours that have been invested beforehand.” The dinners are “bigger than the biggest weddings,” one former White House chef told ABC News before an Obama dinner in 2009. “Maybe the only thing bigger than a state dinner is a royal wedding.” The actual royal wedding coming up in just a few weeks will make a handy comparison, then—although the Trumps have not received an invitation.
India air pollution deaths poised to exceed China's
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
We shall strongly battle another form of evil that is even worse than terrorism – the evil of corruption… corruption will not be tolerated by this administration; and it shall no longer be allowed to stand as if it is a respected monument in this nation.
— Muhammadu Buhari's Acceptance Speech, March 31st 2015
Of the three main priorities for which President Buhari obtained Nigerians' mandate in 2015 – fighting corruption, assuring security and growing the economy – fighting corruption was both the most clearly articulated and the most effective in winning them the votes of millions across the country (including the writer's vote). They correctly labelled corruption an “evil” and affirmed that it “is even worse than terrorism”.
Then, they promised Nigerians that “corruption will not be tolerated” by their administration and gave us all the hope that “it [corruption] shall no longer be allowed to stand as if it is a respected monument in the nation.” In addition to their clarity on the nature of the problem of corruption in the Nigerian milieu and the specific commitment to zero tolerance of corruption under their watch, they also enjoyed a reputation for integrity.
Again, I shared the perception of Buhari as a man of integrity: “…having a president with unquestioned integrity as the anti-corruption champion is a necessary condition. Yes, it is not a sufficient condition, but without it almost all anti-corruption efforts tend to have only limited impact on reducing corruption, at best; and at worst, anti-corruption efforts end up as mere sloganeering or tools for harassing and punishing political opponents, or a combination of these negative outcomes” (“Advice on fighting corruption, Vanguard, April 28th 2015).
It is against this backdrop that I provide a preliminary scorecard for President Buhari as anti-corruption champion, close to three years since they assumed office. Has Buhari administration demonstrated zero tolerance for corruption? Has their administration “strongly” battled the “evil of corruption”? And has corruption ceased “to stand as if it is a respected monument in this nation”? In the second part of the essay I proffer some suggestions on the way forward with the fight against the evil of corruption in Nigeria.
Buhari Administration Scorecard
At the level of diagnosis of the problem of corruption and explication of its dimensions, the Buhari administration deserves high marks. During the second year of the administration, Vice President Osinbajo underscored the enormity of the problem as follows: “All the institutions of government, I mean, the executive, legislature and the judiciary, are corrupt…” Punch, October 21st 2016. (However, it's worth mentioning that in 2008, seven years before assuming office, General Buhari, alongside Generals Babangida and Abubakar, was an apologist for Abacha's looting – Premium Times, April 13th 2018).
Zero tolerance for corruption? Although the adoption of zero tolerance for corruption is widely acknowledged in the literature on the subject as good practice, Buhari administration has failed to practice what it preaches. It took far too long for the president to sack Babachir Lawal, their first Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), who was embroiled in a corruption scandal barely one year after they assumed office. It took a National Assembly probe and a parallel probe at the level of the executive (chaired by the vice-president) before the SGF was removed from office in October 2017 after a six-month suspension. Then, there is the unresolved riddle of the reappearance, double promotion, and disappearance of Abdulrasheed Maina, former chairperson, Presidential Task Force on Pension Reform. They had been dismissed from the civil service in 2013 and declared wanted by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for corruption before Buhari assumed office.
Although the president had ordered Maina's sack in October 2017, they have remained at large to date! The story in the print media is that Maina was smuggled back into the civil service by a cabal in the presidency and with the cooperation of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF). Without question, these two widely reported corruption cases directly within the presidency contradict Buhari administration's advertised claim of zero tolerance for corruption. And they are difficult to reconcile with their assertion: “I'll be merciless in pursuing looters, says Buhari” (Punch, March 16th 2016).
Strongly battling corruption? When president-elect Buhari promised to produce an anti-corruption strategy early during their tenure, I interpreted this as a step in the right direction: to fight an anti-corruption war, you need a strategy just as a general needs a strategy before going to war. Well, Buhari administration's anti-corruption strategy – National Anti-Corruption Strategy (NACS), 2017-2021 – was not adopted by the Federal Executive Council until July 2017, more than two years after they had assumed office.
This is not consistent with a strong determination to battle corruption. Worse, the two key institutions they inherited for fighting corruption – the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) and EFCC – that had been battered, in varying degrees, under the watch of their predecessors, have been further undermined by internal contradictions within the presidency (negative reports sent to the National Assembly by the State Security Service in respect of the president's nominee for EFCC chairpersonship) and uncooperative legislature/executive relationship regarding pending confirmation of the heads of both the EFCC and ICPC. Strongly battling corruption would require these two key anti-corruption agencies to be performing at their optimum, not to be undermined by bizarre weaknesses within the presidency and avoidable poor executive/legislative relationship.
Judiciary as a corrupt institution
VP Osinbajo correctly cited the judiciary as a corrupt institution. Yes, you can set a thief to catch a thief but a corrupt judiciary cannot help to strongly battle corruption. For example, between June 2015 and April 2018, “big fishes”, including former and serving presidents, have been punished for corruption in Brazil, Peru and South Korea: presidents of Brazil (Dilma Rousseff) and South Korea (Park Geun-hye) were impeached and removed from office over corruption scandals in August 2016 and March 2017 respectively.
Furthermore, Rousseff's predecessor, Luiz Lula da Silva, was found guilty of corruption and sent to prison for twelve years in April 2018. At about the same time, South Korea's Park Geun-hye was sent to prison for twenty-four years. And in March 2018, President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski of Peru resigned from office amid a corruption scandal. No thanks to legal “technicalities” and a virtual amnesty for former presidents, all our “big fishes” involved in mega corruption scandals, including some judges and justices, are enjoying their loot. Maybe our EFCC and ICPC can learn some lessons from Brazil, Peru and South Korea.
With only serial reports of indictments for corruption in the media – there are about 3,800 ongoing corruption cases in various courts by one estimate – and no convicted Politically Exposed Persons to flaunt, Buhari administration recently resorted to publishing lists of “looters”. Whilst the name and shame value of the lists needs to be acknowledged, the exercise cannot cover up the administration's failure to punish corruption. And we are stuck with the problem of unpunished corruption that deepens corruption and further entrenches the evil.
However, two initiatives of the administration that are focused on reducing corruption deserve to be highlighted.
Treasury Single Account (TSA) was introduced in August 2015 to promote transparency, accountability and efficiency in managing public finance. TSA requires that all public sector revenue receipts and payments are done through a consolidated revenue account at the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) with a view to blocking revenue generation leakages. By early 2018, N8.9trn was in the TSA. However, the National Assembly and the Judiciary have continued to operate outside TSA.
The Whistleblower Policy was introduced in December 2016 to help curb mismanagement of public funds and financial malpractice. The policy provides for citizens who provide tips (blow whistle) about corrupt practices and financial crimes to be rewarded with between 2.5 and 5% of the money recovered. From the 534 investigations concluded (out of over 1000 tips received) by April 2018, N7.8bn, USD378 million and GBP27,800 had been recovered (The Nation, April 17th 2018). It's important to add that the Policy will only become institutionalised when the Whistle Blower Protection Bill that is pending in the National Assembly is enacted.
Only modest results recorded
Notwithstanding the sharp focus of both initiatives, only modest results have been recorded.
Overall, then, one has to score Buhari administration low regarding the fight against corruption. Specifically, corruption has continued “to stand as if it is a respected monument in this nation.” The 2017 Corruption Perception Index (CPI) of Transparency International – the world's most credible measure of public sector corruption – confirms this reality when it ranked Nigeria among countries with high level of corruption. And there was a slight decrease in the country's score: from 28% in 2016 to 27% in 2017. It is no consolation that average CPI scores under Buhari's predecessors were lower: Obasanjo 16%; Yar'Adua, 25% and Jonathan, 25%.
NIGERIA NOTES (New Series)
*Professor Ladipo Adamolekun writes from Iju, Akure North, Ondo State.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Takiya Holmes, 11, died Tuesday in one of two weekend shootings of young victims on Chicago's South Side, the Chicago Tribune reports.
A stray bullet struck Takiya in the head Saturday night. They were sitting in a parked car with their mother and other relatives. More than two days after the tragic shooting, their cousin, Rachel Williams, said in a social media post that Takiya “passed away in their mother's arms,” the Tribune reported.
Takiya Holmes, 11, one of two girls shot on South Side over the weekend, has died, their family says. https://t.co/o2MNJXH5et pic.twitter.com/gt12GJFg64 — Chicago Tribune (@chicagotribune) February 14, 2017
About 30 minutes before Takiya was shot, a bullet also hit Kanari Gentry Bowers, 12, while they played basketball with friends at Henderson Elementary School. A bullet struck Kanari in the head, and they remain unresponsive on life support.
“Shooters were aiming at other individuals when the girls were hit by stray rounds,” a Chicago Police spokesperson told the Tribune.
The shootings happened in a “gang conflict” area, the spokesperson added. No one has been arrested.
SOURCE: Chicago Tribune
SEE ALSO:
Chicago Needs Economic Opportunity, Not Threats Of More Violence
Chicago Woman Creates Scholarship To Honor Dad Killed In Gun Violence
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Garden villages to create thousands of UK homes
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A frantic search was launched for a baby amid the wreckage of a horror crash which killed six people.
A drugged-up driver lost control of a speeding Audi in a crash which left them and five others dead in Birmingham's Belgrave Middleway on December 17.
The first office at the scene described the horrifying moment a child's bottle was found in the Audi.
An extensive search was carried out before it was realised no child had been involved.
Further details of what happened inside the Audi, which was travelling of speeds around 100mph in a 40mph zone, were revealed in the second day of inquests onto the deaths. Two tyres on the Audi were worn.
Today's evidence focused on what killed the three men travelling in the Audi.
All four of the occupants of the Audi were ejected and none were wearing seat belts
One passenger Mr Zakkria Khan, who survived the crash, was quizzed over the incident.
Kasar Jehangir was believed to have been driving the Audi when they lost control, hitting a central kerb stone and crossing the carriageway, before spinning into the taxi travelling in the opposite direction.
Speaking at the inquest Mr Khan said: “We went out to go see some friends, play snooker, get some food and drive around."
Yesterday the inquest focused on the three people to have been killed when the taxi they were travelling in was struck by the Audi.
Taxi driver Imtiaz Mohammed, 33, and passengers Lucy Davis, 43 and their partner Lee Jenkins, 42, were killed in the crash.
Scroll down for today's updates
Coroner Louise Hunt concluded all three died as a result of a road traffic collision. They added: "Excessive speed and defective tyres and contributed to by driving under the influence."
Young taxi Mr Mohammed lived on Golden Hillock Road in Small Heath with their wife and six children. They had been working for Castle Cars at the time of their death.
Mr Mohammed, aged 33, was described by their devastated family as ‘a legend'. Their sister told how: "“He was a legend and was was working hard on that night to support their family.”
Lucy Davis, 43, and Lee Jenkins, 42, were the passengers in the taxi which was involved in the crash in the early hours of that Sunday morning.
Ms Davis, from Kingstanding, was working as a deaf sign interpreter.
Them daughter described how: “My mom was as important to me as air. My heart is broken and I will be scarred for life. A wonderful mother like my mom shouldn't be taken so soon. I will make them proud.”
Them partner Lee Christian Jenkins was described by their family as: "A clinical scientist by day and rock and roll star by night."
Describing Mr Jenkins's adventurous lifestyle, they added: "It was fitting they would find love with Lucy. They shared the same interests. Take every opportunity to go out and enjoy adventures together.”
BirminghamLive reporters Andy Richardson and Ross McCarthy are at the coroner's court this morning.
Follow the latest updates from the inquests below.
The Management of the Federal University of Petroleum Resources, Effurun, has handed over the site for the construction of 500 Kilowatt Solar Power project to the contractors of Rural Electrification Agency of the Federal Government, Messrs Metka West Africa.
While handing over the site last Friday, In Effurun, Delta state, the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. AkiiIbhadode, expressed gratitude to the Federal Government for making the University one of the six institutions to be used for the pilot project by the Rural Electrification Agency.
They noted that the site handover and signing became significant as the University has been anxious about the project to help in reducing the hug cost of generating power in the University due to power outages, stressing that the speedy completion of the project would bring about unprecedented growth and development.
The Vice-Chancellor assured the contractors of every support to ensure that the project would be accomplished within the stipulated time of execution.
In their remarks, Mrs. Anita Otobo, Head of Special Projects, Rural Electrification Agency, commended the interest and cooperation of the University in seeing to the handover and signing of the site approval documents, adding that their agency was passionate about completing the project in a record time to ease the challenges of power in some Federal Institutions across the country, which FUPRE is one of the beneficiaries.
They emphasized that the project was initiated by their agency to create conducive environment for teaching and learning in the selected pilot Universities, noting that the project also have a training Centre attached to it where Engineering students are to receive knowledge on the maintenance of such solar power system.
Mrs. Otobo informed that there was due process in awarding the contract and also assured all required documentations, approvals and licenses were secured to pave way for the smooth execution of the project.
Speaking on behalf of the National Universities Commission, Mr. Prosper Esume, commended both the Rural Electrification Agency and the Management of the Federal University of Petroleum Resources, Effurun for the landmark event of handing over the site and support for such project that would bring development to the University and the environment.
They appealed to the University to ensure that there would be proper security for the smooth and successful completion of the project.
The 500 kilowatt solar power project has a complement of backup generators and a training centre
…We'll do our best- Mikel Obi
…Eagles can survive group stage – Rohr
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA- PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday charged the Super Eagles to play fair and clean and not to hurt the feelings of about 180 million Nigerians watching them at the forthcoming World Cup starting on the 14th June 2018 in Russia.
They also urged the players and the technical crew to make Nigeria proud at the tournament.
The President gave the charge when the players and technical crew of the nation's senior team were presented to them at the Presidential Villa, Abuja where they formally bid them farewell.
They said as the youngest team going to the World Cup, the Super Eagles might be seen as inexperienced by their opponents, but urged them to take advantage of the age and leave lasting impression, bearing in mind they have the support of millions of Nigerians.
According to him, “You are going to represent us in Russia, you must bear in mind that you are not just going for a tournament, with each game you must remember that you are carrying the passions, emotions and feelings of over 180 million people. Play fair and clean but demonstrate the gallant spirit which Nigerians are known for.
“Nothing unites Nigerians more than football and nothing will gladden the people of Nigeria more than for you to acquit yourself honourably by winning in Russia.
“You are the youngest team in the tournament which means you are likely the most inexperienced team, a fact that will not be lost on your opponents. But it is also something that you can use to your advantage.
“You have the full support and the blessings of all Nigerians who will look up to you for as long as the tournament last.
“I commend the Nigerian Football Federation for drawing up the right programme that is helping to refine the team to the powerful force which it's meant to be.
“This is our time, we look up to you to make us proud. All Nigerians join me in saying to you, best of luck. Thank you and God be with you all.”
Also speaking Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Solomon Dalung, noted that the team has qualified for the World Cup six times and have advanced to the round of 16, Adding that this current team will exceed the record of previous outings.
They said, “As the present set of Super Eagles make sure that Nigeria's flag is hoisted once more at the tournament, they will do so conscious of the glorious outing of their predecessors while determined to make history themselves.
“This Super Eagles have already started on a very positive note by qualifying in style for Russia 2018. You will recall that when the super eagles were drawn in the so-called group of dead for the African qualifiers, not many gave them chance of qualification from the group that had African football giant like Cameroon, Algeria and Zambia.
“However, the Super Eagles shocked all doubting Thomas by not only qualifying for 2018 but doing so remarkably with a match to spare. Furthermore, they became the first team in Africa to qualify for the tournament.
“All these were made possible because of your support and frequent intervention Your Excellency, to ensure welfare of the team through the timely release of funds for the prosecution of the qualifier. This did not come as a surprise because since 1985 when the Nigerian Golden Eaglets won the FIFA World Cup under your administration then, your support for all the national team has not been in doubt.
“You sir are unquestionably the number one fan of the Super Eagles and for that we are grateful.
“It is against this background, I present the team for your fatherly Blessing. Once again Nigeria is drawn in difficult group along our perennial opponents Argentina, Croatia and Iceland. It is difficult but by no means a mission impossible. The team and the technical crew are in high spirit and are highly motivated to soar above their opponents at the World Cup.”
To the team, Dalung said, “You carry with you the hopes of over 180 million Nigerians who want to see you equal if not surpass our previous best outing at the tournament. However, this can only be possible if you put Nigeria first and seek for collective glory and not individual glory at the tournament.
“That is the secret of teamwork. If you adhere to this principle, then the sky is your limit as we all know that the sky is not only the play ground of eagles but their natural area of dominance.
“I charge you to soar higher and do the nation proud.”
President of the Nigeria Football Federation President, NFF, Amaju Pinnick, in their remarks attributed the successes recorded by the team to massive support of President Buhari.
According to him, the enabling environment provided by the current administration has for the first time ensured the federation did not face the usual challenge of lack of funds.
They further said that led to them not owing allowances and bonuses of the players, the technical crew.
Pinnick said, “I want to thank you for your massive support your have given to the NFF and for creating the enabling environment for the prosperity and stability we are enjoying in football today.
“Our dream is to create a culture of football sustainable development and that has been one of the plans in which we took when we came into existence.
“In truth, you have done what no other president in the history of Nigeria has done. Thirty two years ago with your magic wand, Nigeria won the U17 World Cup.
“Our dream beyond enabling all these things is to create a self sustaining football federation and within the next two years I can assure you the NFF will be running on its own without any funds from government. That has been the dream of the NFF.
“Today, football is being played in Maiduguri, it was reported on the BBC because of the peace you have been able to achieve in that area. Our dream also is to create a football federation that people will look at and say we are very proud to be Nigerians.
“Today, we have so many Nigerians working in international global committees, the only female member of FIFA Ethics six-member committee which is FIFA's own EFCC, the only African, is a Nigerian, Justice Ayotunde Philips.
Today, we also have a Nigerian as the President of CAF Appeals Board, we have 10 Nigerians serving in 10 major committees because you made this possible for football to grow in Nigeria.
“I also want to thank the Vice President for inviting the NFF to the Economic Management Team to present a paper. Today the British Government makes £2.6 billion as taxes from the EPL alone, that we can also do in Nigeria.
“We also have to thank some Nigerian companies that have been very very supportive, it is because of their support that we know that in the next two years, we will be 100 percent self sustaining.
“For the first time in the history of this country we have a team that nobody is talking about being owed a kobo because of the environment you created for us to thrive.
“This Super Eagle's you are seeing today is the most disciplined, the most united in the historiographic literature of the annals of football in the country. And, I am happy to tell you that according to FIFA statistics, this team is the youngest going to the World Cup, which means this team will serve you for long, this team will serve you in the next five years. We have a team that will prosecute this World Cup and a team that will go for the next World Cup in 2022 and we have a team that will also go for the World Cup in 2026, because you have created that environment for us to thrive.
“I can assure you that this team you are seeing today will make Nigeria very proud. It is a team that is very disciplined and discipline is the bedrock of any success.
“We thank you for providing that fatherly love at all times and we know when we go to Russia, with your Magic wand, by the Special grace of God we will come back to this sample chamber with the trophy.”
The team captain Mikel Obi, collaborated with the NFF President as they said that they have been paid their allowances and that it was their turn to reciprocate the gesture by doing their best at their Mundial.
They said, “Your Excellency Sir, on behalf of the team, players, coaches, the staff, we would like to say a massive thank you for what you have been doing for Nigerian football. Like the NFF President said, this is the first time we will be going to a tournament like this without any issues on money, bonuses or anything like that.
“I think everything is sorted now for us and all we have to do is to go out there as players and make this country proud. And with your support as the father and leader of this country, we will go out there, give our best and come back with the trophy.”
The Super Eagles Coach Gernot Rohr, said the biggest task was to survive the group stage.
They said, “Your Excellency, to come out of this difficult group with Argentina, Croatia, Iceland is the first step but I think the players are able to do it.”
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour could lose two seats in Birmingham and SEVEN in the West Midlands in a June election, according to the latest polls.
An average of ten recent opinion polls puts the Conservatives on 42.8 per cent, Labour on 26.7 per cent, the Liberal Democrats on 11 per cent and UKIP on 9.6 per cent.
These numbers could cause Birmingham Edgbaston and Birmingham Northfield to swing to the Conservatives from Labour.
The Tories could also gain Coventry South and Coventry North West, Dudley North, Walsall North and Wolverhampton South West from Labour if these polls were replicated at the next election.
Theresa May, the Prime Minister, announced this morning they will seek to hold a snap election on June 8.
Our model based on these polling averages and assuming a uniform swing has the Conservatives gaining 44 seats from Labour and losing none.
Labour would lose 47 overall leaving Theresa May with a majority of 106.
(Photo: Chris Radburn/PA Wire)
The Government currently has a working majority of 17.
The Scottish National Party is projected to retain their hold on Scotland, winning 56 out of 59 seats in the country.
Liberal Democrats would stay on nine seats.
The Greens would retain their solitary MP while UKIP would not have any representatives in the House of Commons at all.
Mexican authorities have seized 10,000 gallons of bad booze from 31 resorts and tourist hot spots in the country. File photo
So what does Hall think about all the "Dez is done" talk? Hall went on Fox Sports' "Undisputed" with Skip Bayless and Shannon Sharpe. They said Bryant has plenty left in the tank, but needs to change their game in order to keep being effective. You can view a transcript of their comments below.
Dez Bryant and former Redskins corner back DeAngelo Hall have had their battles over the years when the Cowboys have faced the Redskins. The two eventually gained a mutual respect for one another.
"Dez has a lot left, but Dez has to understand where their value is and where they should be. He's not the same guy they once are so they shouldn't be outside trying to go against a No. 1 corner. They need to slide on inside kind of like my boy Larry Fitzgerald has done over the years, and there he's still a playmaker. He's still a guy with the ball in their hands. He's dangerous. We saw it against I think Arizona. Makes a little catch in front of the quarterback. Five-yard route. Pat [Peterson] goes this way, and then power drives themselves into the end zone and grabs a couple of guys with him. They can still play. They still put fear in most DBs, but you're not scared of them running by you. To play outside, you have to have speed that scares guys so that they feel you'll run any route on the route tree. As of now, they can't give me that deep ball and it's not scaring their opponents."
...
"He was a dog. They were gonna give you everything they had, but what made them really great was that them and Tony Romo were always on the same page. Dez made so many plays extending. While Tony extended the play, [Dez] just a slight little roll up to just keep the route going. Off-script.
...
"His game was always those off-scripted plays, breaking routes, digs, slants and the 50-50 jump balls. They were a guy when the ball was in the air, if it was between me and you, we knew they had a chance to play that ball in the air.
...
"The problem is they got an inside guy and they've had them for years. I just don't know where they fit on this team."
Aston Villa welcome Burton Albion to Villa Park this afternoon looking to extend their Championship hot streak.
The claret and blues have won all four of their league matches in 2018, following on from victory at Middlesbrough in the final match of last year.
If they can defeat Burton, who arrive in Birmingham as the Championship's basement side, Villa will have won six league games on the spin for the first time since 1990.
Steve Bruce's side could also move into the second automatic promotion spot if they better Derby County's result. The Rams take on play-off chasing Brentford at Pride Park.
Villa defeated Burton 4-0 in the reverse fixture back in September and downed them 2-1 at Villa Park last season as Ross McCormack bagged the winner.
Today will be the fourth league meeting between the two clubs and we'll have all the action and reaction as it happens. Stay tuned Villans!
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As Valentine's Day approaches, McArthurGlen East Midlands Designer Outlet has announced the centre is holding a drive in the 1950s style drive in cinema showing five romantic classic films from Top Gun - to Dirty Dancing.
From February 12 – 16, the South Normanton shopping centre will transport guests back to 1950s America with a pop-up drive in cinema situated in the North Car Park.
Priced at £25 per car regardless of passenger numbers, fashion-lovers and cinema-buffs alike can enjoy cult movie classics on a giant screen from the comfort of their own cars. Spaces can be reserved from 4pm, leaving guests plenty of time to shop and dine at one of its restaurants before the films start promptly at 8pm.
The film schedule is:
Monday February 12 - LA LA LAND
Oscar winning La La Land stars Ryan Gosling as a jazz pianist and Emma Stone as an aspiring actor, who meet and fall in love in Los Angeles while pursuing their dreams.
Tuesday February 13 - PRETTY WOMAN
Set in Los Angeles, this romantic comedy tells the tale of an unlikely pair, a wealthy business person and a down-on-her-luck Hollywood working girl, whose relationship develops after they hire them to be their escort for several meetings and social functions.
Wednesday February 14 - TOP GUN
This 1986 classic stars Tom Cruise as a young naval aviator, who is given the chance to train at the Navy's Fighter Weapons School with a group of other new recruits.
Thursday February 15 - FOUR WEDDINGS AND A FUNERAL
The BAFTA winning Richard Curtis classic follows the adventures of Hugh Grant's character Charles and their circle of friends at many social occasions as they each encounter romance.
Friday February 16 - DIRTY DANCING
17-year-old Frances "Baby" Houseman is on holiday with their affluent family when they develop a crush on the resort's dance instructor, Johnny Castle, played by Patrick Swayze.
Tickets can be purchased online via the following link - http://www.urbandriveincinema.co.uk/
Neighbors of the London apartment building torched in an inferno have sprung into action to help survivors of the fire, donating clothes, food and water and offering shelter.
Churches such as the Roman Catholic St. Francis of Assisi and a nearby mosque are serving as gathering points for donations for those who raced out of the burning building in the middle of the night, fleeing with little else than the clothes in which they slept.
Social media sites have also joined the effort, with some Londoners offering a space on their sofas for those affected by the blaze.
Marco Antoniades, who owns MGA Autos on Latimer Road, says "like in most places in England, people get together and help each other in times like this. That's what we're trying to do."
At least 12 people have died and 79 others were injured Wednesday in the blaze at Grenfell Tower.
This is surely the largest bagel-lox sandwich in human history Looks like the record for world's largest bagel and lox sandwich is about to get smoked. That's the goal of today's event at Greenpoint's Acme Smoked Fish Corp., a wholesaler...
TV doc makes bagels part of fitness routine There's no point in living to 100 if you're not going to enjoy it, says Max Gomez, Ph.D. “The goal is not just to extend your life span, but to...
Only in NYC would a bagel with gold flakes cost $1,000 NEW YORK — New Yorkers with a taste for an expensive city staple will have an opportunity to try the $1,000 bagel when it returns to the city next month....
East Village bagel shop is selling cream cheese desserts Care for a bagel with that cream cheese? At Becky's Bites in the East Village, you might opt instead for cookies or tarts as you choose from a slew of...
Zucker's Bagels is launching its biggest location yet Zucker's Bagels & Smoked Fish is launching its fourth and biggest location to date. The 1,800-square-foot space, at 40 East 23rd St., will be Zucker's flagship spot. After launching in...
Caffeinated bagels are here to rock your mornings For sleep-deprived humans, drinking coffee has long been the preferred morning perk up method but now there's an onslaught of caffeinated items promising to add more pep to your step....
Dunkin' Donuts may have to give free treats to thousands of customers BOSTON — An attorney is defending a proposed settlement between a man and Dunkin' Donuts shops that could mean $500 for the lead plaintiff, free buttered baked goods for hundreds...
Man sues Dunkin' Donuts for using fake butter This guy really wanted to be buttered up. A Massachusetts man sued over 20 Dunkin' Donuts — because they say they smeared their bagels with a butter substitute. Jan Polanik...
Chicks on a London train bully man with bagels A train ride near London was disrupted after several incidents broke out. One of the bigger altercations was caused, surprisingly enough, by a number of women placing bagels on top of...
As the 2017 Los Angeles auto show wraps up today, let's take a look back at the new vehicles we saw. Part one, the largest grouping by far, the mainstream crossovers and SUVs. 2018 Nissan Kicks The Details: The Kicks has been sold in the South American market for a few years. It migrates north to replace the Nissan Juke. It comes with a 1.6 liter engine and CVT routing all 125 stampeding horses and 115 lb-ft of torque through the front wheels. Why it Matters: A rolling mass-market crossover cliche; Floating roof, genuine simulated contrast stitching, flat bottom steering wheel. Product planners pulled out all the stops when faced with trying to make a crossover that could only be had with front-wheel drive and a 125 hp 4-cylinder interesting and relevant. Expect performance to be sedentary and price to be cheap. The 2018 Kicks probably sell well for price alone, but the Kia Soul seems more interesting if AWD is not on the shopping list and Renegade or Ecosport if AWD is needed. Click here to read more about the 2018 Nissan Kicks. Competitors: Kia Soul, Chevrolet Trax, Jeep Renegade, Toyota C-HR, Honda HR-V, Ford EcoSport, Mazda CX-3, Ambien, Tylenol PM 2018 Jeep Wrangler The Details: New Turbo-4, updated V6, 8-speed auto or 6-speed manual, 3.0 liter diesel coming, plug-in hybrid coming. Lots more details at our 2018 Jeep Wrangler article. Why it Matters: The Wrangler was easily the most iconic vehicle shown at the 2017 LA Auto Show. FCA finally modernized the Wrangler, a feat hard to do with tons of purists out there. I think they have managed to pull it off in such a way that brings the Wrangler up to date and will still satisfy all but the staunchest of luddites. The Wrangler has been a segment of one for years with the only close competitor being the Toyota 4Runner. Click here to read more about the 2018 Jeep Wrangler Competitors: Toyota 4Runner, Mercedes-Benz G-Wagon with a 66% discount Next up: Subaru Ascent and Volkswagen Tiguan R-Line
2019 Subaru Ascent The Details: Subaru gets back into the mid-size crossover game with a conventional looking 3-row. Power only comes from an all new direct injected 260 hp, 277 lb-ft turbocharged boxer 4-cylinder. AWD and CVT are standard. Why it Matters: Subaru's last attempt at a mid-size crossover bombed hard. It was odd looking, overpriced, and had terrible fuel economy. This time Subaru took the safe route, put their Forester on the copy machine and enlarged it 150%. Of the mass-market crossovers I visited during the show, the new Ascent had one of the nicest interiors I encountered. That said, it will need that asset because it is definitely on the smaller side of the segment. People shopping the Chevrolet Traverse or Honda Pilot will probably find this Subaru to be too cramped. Subaru is one of the strongest growing brands in the US and the new Ascent is going to add to that momentum. Click here to read more information about the 2019 Subaru Ascent Competitors: Every mainstream 3-row crossover made, but especially the Mazda CX-9, Toyota Highlander, Kia Sorento, Volkswagen Atlas ,and Nissan Pathfinder 2018 Volkswagen Tiguan R-Line The Details: A sport appearance package for your smallish-midsize Volkswagen crossover. 19” wheels for R-Line SEL trims and 20” wheels for R-Line SEL Premium trims. Sportier bumpers with ample gloss black applique, black headliner, R-Line logos plastered on everything. Otherwise, it's the same as any new Tiguan available at your local VW dealer since July. Click here to read more information about the Volkswagen Tiguan Why it matters: Audi tastes and Volkswagen budget? Say no more! Competitors: Every small crossover made, but especially Mazda CX-5 and Nissan Rogue Next up: Hyundai Kona, Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross, Kia Sorento
(CNN) — The Daily Stormer, a white supremacist and neo-Nazi website, needs to find another domain name provider after GoDaddy gave it the boot following a derogatory story about the woman killed at the Charlottesville, Virginia, rally.
The site, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website,” registered its name with GoDaddy — but GoDaddy doesn't host the Daily Stormer's content.
Nevertheless, the company said it wants nothing to do with the site following a piece on Heather Heyer. Heyer died after a car rammed a crowd of counter-protesters gathered to oppose a “Unite the Right” rally of white nationalist and other right-wing groups.
“We have informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race told CNN in a statement.
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service.”
An article posted on the Daily Stormer called Heyer “fat and a drain on society.”
“Despite feigned outrage by the media, most people are glad they are dead, as they are the definition of uselessness,” the story said. “A 32-year-old woman without children is a burden on society and has no value.”
James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of running their Dodge Challenger into a crowd of people, killing Heyer and injuring at least 19 others.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death. It is unclear whether they have an attorney.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, “the Daily Stormer is dedicated to spreading anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, primarily through guttural hyperbole and epithet-laden stories about topics like alleged Jewish world control and black-on-white crime.”
The SPLC, which tracks hate groups, says the unapologetic hatred on the Daily Stormer — which also takes aim at African-Americans and opponents of President Donald Trump, for example — is a catalyst for division.
Among its readers were Charleston, South Carolina, church mass killer Dylann Roof and the murderer of Jo Cox, a British legislator.
A post on the website's homepage claimed that it had been taken over by hacktivist group Anonymous. However, most links to previous posts were still active, and a tweet from an account associated with Anonymous said it could not confirm that the group was involved.
CNN has reached out to the Daily Stormer for comment.
Founder praises Trump response
Andrew Anglin, the creator of the site, praised President Donald Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists following the Charlottesville rally, saying “he loves us.”
Trump said on Saturday “we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time.”
The outcry against the President's remarks was long and loud and crossed party lines for failing to single out and condemn white nationalists. Anglin blogged that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. They said that we need to study why people are so angry , and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no counter signaling of us at all. They love us all.”
GoDaddy, headquartered in Arizona, says it is the “world's largest domain name registrar” and “hosts more than 10 million websites around the world.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Claire Foy says the controversy over their pay for the Netflix series “The Crown” has changed their approach to Hollywood.
“It definitely opened my eyes to a lot. And I certainly won't be na∩ve about those things,” Foy said in an interview on Monday in Las Vegas. “It's really opened my eyes about what I am allowed to have an opinion about, and what I'm allowed to stand up for myself about. And I think that's really changed my approach to myself and other women in this industry. It's been only a positive thing — even though, embarrassing.”
A producer disclosed last month that Foy, who starred as Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, was paid less than Matt Smith, who played Prince Philip, because Smith was better known.
The gender pay gap has become a big issue in Hollywood after revelations that many female stars have been paid less than their male counterparts. Foy and Smith are being replaced by older performers in the next season of the show.
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting “The Girl in the Spider's Web,” which completed filming this month. It's based on the fourth book in the popular Millennium series revolving around hacker Lisbeth Salander, previously been played in movies by Noomi Rapace and Rooney Mara. Swedish Author Stieg Larsson, who died in 2004, created the series, and and the fourth installment was written by David Lagercrantz.
Foy said they hadn't sought their blessing before beginning their work.
“I mean, we are all actores. We all know the game. I don't doubt for a second that those two incredible actores don't both hate me and also … ”
Director Fede Alvarez interjected that they did indeed get Rapace's blessing.
“I met them at the premiere of their last movie and we got introduced and I told them what I was doing and they really wished us good luck and they knew you were doing it,” they said.
“You got them blessing? Did you? They never told me this,” Foy said, laughing. “Oh, well there you go. One down! One to go.”
The 34-year-old actor says they exercised intensively to play the character — and got a new hairstyle.
“I got an undercut, which is something that I never thought I would have in my life. Which is great! Then all their tattoos and just how they move and the clothes that they wear. I loved being them every day, actually. It was very liberating thing,” Foy said. “Because I didn't have to worry about being attractive or being liked or any of that nonsense that women quite often have to wake up every day thinking how does the world see me? And it was really nice to wake up and just be like, like this. What you see is what you get. I quite enjoyed that.”
“The Girl in the Spider's Web” is set for release in November.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Campo Santo, the developer behind indie walking simulator hit Firewatch, has announced that it has been acquired by Half Life and Steam creator Valve, with financial terms not disclosed.
2016's Firewatch was a critical and commercial success for Campo Santo, which had been founded less than three years earlier by Sean Vanaman, lead writer of Telltale Games' The Walking Dead, and Idle Thumbs co-founder Jake Rodkin. Set in the Shoshone National Forest in 1989, Firewatch sees the player take control of fire lookout Henry to unravel a mystery the details of which should not be spoiled for anyone who has yet to play the game. Praised for its strong story, which is to be developed into a feature film in partnership with Good Universe, Firewatch set the company up for development of its second title, titled In the Valley of Gods and set in the 1920s Egypt, but it now has the backing of an industry giant with extremely deep pockets: Valve.
'The twelve of us at Campo Santo have agreed to join Valve, where we will maintain our jobs as video game developers and continue production on our current project, In the Valley of Gods,' a company statement explains. 'If you're the type of person who gives two flips about this news, we can elaborate a little bit on this big decision. First, we really like making video games. Furthermore, and perhaps more accurately, we really like making and producing entertainment. From the day-to-day production of our last game, Firewatch, to the way we run the company, make merchandise, meet players at expos and shows, send out a quarterly literary journal, throw open-to-the-public game demos in the middle of an artificial forest—all of it is geared towards surprising, delighting, and entertaining the customers who have shared in our success. In Valve we found a group of folks who, to their core, feel the same way about the work that they do (this, you may be surprised to learn, doesn't happen every day). In us, they found a group with unique experience and valuable, diverse perspectives. It quickly became an obvious match.
'Second, while visiting IGN's headquarters in early 2015 to talk about Firewatch, we came across an undelivered 2011 Game of the Year Award for Portal 2. It happened to be engraved on an unopened bottle of champagne. Never ones to pass up free alcohol, we stole it and drank it to celebrate the launch of Firewatch a year later. So in some sense, this is a return home for us. Well, for that bottle of champagne. Third, and last, we had a series of long conversations with the people at Valve and everyone shared the satisfaction we take in working with people whose talents dwarf our own to make things we never thought possible. Both sides spoke about our values and how, when you get right down to it, we, as human beings, are hard-limited by the time we have left when it comes to making the things we care about and believe in. They asked us if we'd all be interested in coming up to Bellevue and doing that there and we said yes.'
Campo Santo has confirmed that development of In the Valley of Gods will continue under Valve ownership, though it has not yet issued a release date beyond a tentative window of 2019.
Neighbours hold basement ‘dig downs' to ransom
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Taco Bell is giving taco lovers the chance to win a dream wedding at their Las Vegas cantina restaurant as part of their “Love and Tacos” contest.
Anyone can apparently enter the contest, and all that is needed for entry is a 30 second video clip or photo uploaded to social media explaining how Taco Bell played into a couple's love story.
Fan voting for the contest begins March 1, and judges will eventually choose the finalists. The winning couple will get free trip to Las Vegas, dinner catered by Taco Bell at their Las Vegas Cantina restaurant, Taco Bell t-shirts, champagne flutes, and plenty more perks like wedding photography, a private pool cabana and a VIP table at Drai's nightclub.
Taco Bell also has a $600 wedding package that's being described as walking right “up to the counter and order a wedding right off the menu.”
Via USA Today
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
NEW YORK — Baker Mayfield took a unique road to the Heisman Trophy, a long and winding climb from walk-on to one of the most accomplished players to ever play college football.
The brash, flag-planting Oklahoma quarterback became the sixth Sooner to the win Heisman on Saturday night in one of the most lopsided votes in the 83-year history of the award.
Stanford running back Bryce Love was the runner-up, making it five second-place finishes for the Cardinal since 2009. Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner, was third, the best finish by a returning winner since Tim Tebow of Florida in 2008.
Mayfield received 732 first-place votes and 2,398 points. Love had 75 first-place votes and 1,300 points and Jackson received 47 and 793. Mayfield received 86 per cent of the total points available, the third-highest percentage in Heisman history behind Ohio State's Troy Smith (91.63 per cent) in 2006 and Oregon's Marcus Mariota (90.92) in 2014.
Mayfield is the third player to win the Heisman heading to the College Football Playoff. The second-ranked Sooners meet No. 3 Georgia in the Rose Bowl on Jan. 1.  They are the first senior to win the award since Smith and the first Heisman winner to begin their career as a walk-on since athletic scholarships started in the 1950s.
“It's been a tough journey,” Mayfield said during their acceptance speech. They choked back tears, thanking their parents and first-year Oklahoma coach Lincoln Riley.
“Tried to play it cool,” Mayfield said later. “That's not my thing though. I'm a guy that wears their emotions on their sleeve.”
Mayfield finished fourth in the Heisman voting two years ago and third last year. “It's motivating for me to be the best in the country,” they said.
Mayfield entered this season as one of the Heisman favourites and jumped toward the front of the pack when they led the Sooners to an early victory at Ohio State that they celebrated by planting the OU flag in the Horseshoe turf.
They later apologized for that, but that has been Mayfield's career. Spectacular play fueled by grudges, slights and trying to prove doubters wrong. Moxie is the word that gets attached to Mayfield often, but at times poor judgment has gotten them in trouble on and off the field.
Those were really the only marks on Mayfield's Heisman resume because their play has been consistently stellar. They have thrown for 4,340 yards and 41 touchdowns this season for the Big 12 champion Sooners (12-1). For their career, Mayfield is eighth in FBS history in yards passing (14,320) and sixth in touchdown passes (129).
Pretty good for a scrawny kid who grew up in Austin, Texas, rooting for Oklahoma, but did not receive a scholarship offer out of high school from either the hometown Longhorns or their beloved Sooners.
At Lake Travis High School, Mayfield won a state championship at a school that regularly pumps out Division I quarterbacks. They received one offer from a Power Five program — Washington State.
“There's something to be said for having just good ol' confidence in yourself,” Mayfield said. “Just true belief. My journey, like I said earlier is not over, but it's about facing adversity. If there are mistakes, being up front about it and then moving forward and being better in the future.”
They walked-on at Texas Tech and started eight games as a first-year student in 2013. With a glut of quarterbacks in Lubbock, Mayfield left and had only one school in mind. They walked-on again at Oklahoma.
Mayfield thanked former Sooners coach Bob Stoops, who also was at the Best Buy Theater in midtown Manhattan, for welcoming a “chubby, unathletic kid into the program with open arms.” That was also Riley's first season as Oklahoma's offensive co-ordinator. The two have been a perfect match.
“For any coach to have a chance for your guy to be standing here, to win the Heisman Trophy, and just to do it kind of at the end of such a long journey we've had together, it's very special,” Riley said.
Mayfield's departure from Texas Tech was contentious. At first, they lost a year of eligibility, despite not being on scholarship. They eventually got that year back when the Big 12 tweaked its rules, but they never did let it go. For their last game against Texas Tech this season, they wore the “Traitor” T-shirt that some Red Raiders fans wore when they first returned to Lubbock with Oklahoma.
Later in the year, it was Kansas — of all teams — that tried to get the volatile Mayfield off their game. Jayhawk captains refused to shake their hand during the pregame coin flip. They trash-talked Mayfield and even took a late hit at him. They responded by screaming profanities and making a lewd gesture that television cameras caught. That led to a public apology from Mayfield, their third this year.
The first came after they were arrested in Fayetteville, Arkansas, in February for public intoxication, disorderly conduct and fleeing. They pleaded guilty to three misdemeanours and paid a $300 fine. The second came after that flag planting in Columbus, Ohio, after the Sooners beat the Buckeyes.
Mayfield is an old-school Heisman winner. For decades, seniors dominated the Heisman, but over the last 10 years four juniors, four sophomores and two redshirt freshmen have won. By comparison, Mayfield has been around forever. They have played 47 college games. Only USC's Carson Palmer with 50 had played more when they won their Heisman in 2002.
There is at least one more game to play for Mayfield, and maybe two. They and the Sooners will go into the playoff as a slight underdog against Georgia, which seems only appropriate for a player who has built their career on exceeding expectations.
Asked what has been their best moment, Mayfield predictably answered: “It hasn't happened yet.”
——
Follow Ralph D. Russo at http://www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India supreme court ousts top cricket officials
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A quirky and hazardous corner of British public finance
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER - Former British Columbia premier Christy Clark is joining the Bennett Jones law firm as a senior advisor in its Vancouver office.
The firm says Clark will join its government affairs and public policy team, which also counts former deputy prime minister Anne McLellan and former foreign minister John Baird as members.
Bennett Jones CEO Hugh MacKinnon says in a statement that Clark's focus on economic growth through trade fits in well with the interests of the firm's clients.
Clark resigned as B.C. premier last summer, having served in the role since 2011, after the provincial New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party.
Bennett Jones is a Canadian firm with more than 380 lawyers and business advisors in nine offices.
Firefighters from three agencies extinguished a fire early Sunday in a small strip of commercial buildings on the western edge of downtown Petaluma.
The fire damaged one unit among eight in a single-story complex at 131 Liberty St., the Petaluma Fire Department reported Sunday. The affected business wasn't named.
Firefighters responded about 11:45 p.m. Saturday and found a business suite “fully involved in flames with fire issuing from a skylight and the front door and windows,” according to a press release.
Firefighters brought the blaze under control shortly after midnight and limited the flames to the one unit. Cause of fire remains under investigation.
Petaluma, Cal Fire and the Rancho Adobe Fire Protection District sent firefighters to the fire.
Hitting the heights: Bank stocks reached milestones Tuesday as their share prices continued to rise. Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase both hit all-time highs, with Goldman recouping all it had lost since the 2007 financial crisis. Bank of America traded in line with its book value for the first time since late 2008; it had traded as low as 15% of book value back in March 2009.
Ambitious move: Japan's SoftBank, which despite its name isn't a bank but a technology and communications conglomerate, made a big step into becoming a serious player in the financial services business Tuesday when it agreed to buy asset manager Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion. The acquisition of Fortress, which manages about $70 billion in assets in real estate, credit and private equity, fits Softbank chief Masayoshi Son's "ambitious long-term plans to become one of the world's biggest asset managers, focusing on technology but with a broader platform to raise money and shepherd companies across different sectors," the Wall Street Journal said.
NEW YORK (AP) — Surprised the video for “Despacito” — YouTube's most viewed clip of all-time — didn't earn any nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards? MTV says it's because the video was never submitted for nomination.
An MTV spokesperson said in a statement to The Associated Press on Monday that “the `Despacito' video was not submitted for consideration.” The hit song's video has not aired on MTV or MTV2, but is being played on MTV Tres, the company's Latin channel.
Universal Music Latin Entertainment, the label that released Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's “Despacito,” said they welcome MTV to play Spanish videos on its main channel in a statement to the AP.
MTV did not explain why it has not played “Despacito” on its main channel when asked by the AP.
“Great songs transcend geography and language, and our artists produce music videos that reach a passionate global audience, highlighted by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee quickly breaking viewership and streaming records across audio and video platforms with `Despacito.' We're proud to work with MTV to expose new audiences to our artists' music and we would welcome MTV's decision to recognize Spanish-language videos on its main channel and the Music Video Awards program,” a spokesperson from the label said.
The label didn't elaborate on why it is the music video was not submitted to the main MTV channel or for consideration for the VMAs.
MTV said “Despacito” — the song not the video — will be acknowledged at the VMAs as a nominee in its song of summer category. That category and its nominees will be officially announced the week of Aug. 21. The VMAs will air live on Aug. 27.
MTV, which mainly airs reality shows like “Teen Mom” and “Catfish” throughout the day, rarely plays music videos on its main channel. MTV2, MTV Classic and other spin-offs air videos regularly.
“Despacito” is the rare Spanish track that has become a massive success in the U.S. and around the world. The hit song, which recently became the first video to hit 3 billion views on YouTube, has become the most streamed track of all-time and is spending its 14 week at No.1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
It is the first mostly Spanish song to top the Hot 100 since Los del Rio's “Macarena” in 1996 and has sold more than 7.7 million tracks based on digital sales, audio streaming and video streaming.
The song, released in January, got a boost when Justin Bieber appeared on its remix, helping it soar from the Top 40 to the Top 10, and later No.1. The remix version does not have an official video.
“Despacito” missed out on VMA nominations such as video of the year, the best collaboration, best editing and other more. In an interview with the AP, Fonsi said they didn't notice the video wasn't nominated for the VMAs and he's happy with the song's massive success.
“Awards are very important but what bigger award (is there) than having the most watched video in the world in history? It doesn't really get any bigger than that,” Fonsi said, referring to the song's YouTube record. “Hopefully it'll win some awards down the line, down the road, but I think I got the biggest one so far, straight from the people.”
Nominees for the top VMA prize, video of the year, include Kendrick Lamar's “Humble,” Bruno Mars' “24K Magic,” the Weeknd's “Reminder,” Alessia Cara's
“Scars to Your Beautiful,” and DJ Khaled and Rihanna's “Wild Thoughts,” which was released in June, a month before MTV announced its nominees.
The 2017 VMAs will air live from the Forum in Inglewood, California. Lamar is the top nominee with eight, while the Weeknd and Katy Perry — who is hosting the show — each earned five nominations.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Fasten your seatbelts — Lightning McQueen is back on the tracks. But this time, he's forced to step us their game. Deco spoke to Owen Wilson, Armie Hammer and Kerry Washington — who are driving their way into theaters this weekend.
Lightning McQueen may not think he's done, but their critics think he's running out of gas in Disney/Pixar's “Cars 3.”
Owen Wilson: “He kinda has to get dirty because he's sort of, you know, forced to try some new things because what used to work isn't working anymore.”
That's because Lightning is now facing a storm of competition.
Meet Storm, the newest champ in the franchise.
Armie Hammer: “He's the fastest, he's the most technologically-advanced, he's got all these kinds of bells and whistels to him, but they haven't figured out yet the love of the game.”
And they can get a little arrogant.
Storm's dominance forces Lightning McQueen to take their training into high-gear.
Owen Wilson: “This next generation of racers that are blowing by him, so he's gotta go get dirty if he's gonna win again.”
Enter Cruz — played by Cristela Alonzo.
She's got their work cut out for them as Lightning's trainer, and that means they spent a lot of time working with Owen Wilson.
Cristela Alonzo: “We make people laugh in different ways, but they're very complementary towards each other.”
Kerry Washington is also new to the crew.
Kerry Washington: “I'm so thrilled to be in the film and be part of this franchise.”
They play Natalie Certain who is…
Kerry Washington: “Super bossy, smarty-pants, know it all, kind of arrogant.”
And even as a car — Kerry's breaking down the bad guys — ahem …cars.
‘Cars 3' races into theaters this Friday.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Wells Fargo's overdraft income surges ahead of rivals
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Kelela: Take Me Apart — ‘layered electronic textures'
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
The Adamawa chapter of the Nigeria Association of the Blind (NAB) on Monday staged a protest in Yola over alleged discrimination against their members in government appointments.
Malam Kwada Tizhe, the branch Chairman of the association who led the protest to the Government House, Yola, told journalists that the State Government discriminated against the members in appointment.
Tizhe alleged that previous and present administrations in the state had neglected and did not pay attention to the plight of blind people and their families.
“People living with disabilities especially blindness are not considered in any government's employment, despite the fact that there are post graduate certificate holders among them,” Tizhe said.
According to the chairperson, the blind training centres in the state had been neglected to the extent that some of them were no more habitable.
A top government official, Alhaji Muhammadu Tola, who received the group at the government house, promised that government would look into their grievances
“Government is making all possible efforts to address the situations in a short time,” Tola said.
On alleged abandonment of the blind training centres, they said that the state government was considering the renovation of the centres in the 2018 budget.
They appealed to the protesters, to be patient with government as their plights were being looked into.
NAN
By Perez BRISIBE
ENVIRONMENTAL right activists in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria have faulted claims by the Joint Military Taskforce, code-named Operation Delta Safe that the force has started the implementation of safer measures in the destruction of illegal refineries in the region.
The Land Component Commander of the force, Brig. Gen Kevin Aligbe, had explained to newsmen during a media parley in May that the force has embarked on the use of “special equipment to crush the accessories and materials used at illegal refining sites.”
The claim by Aligbe is coming amidst increase in vandalism, oil theft and illegal refining in the region with leading oil and gas exploration and producing company, Shell Petroleum Development Company recording five cases of sabotage in May alone.
Aligbe while condemning the crude distillation process used by illegal refineries which they attributed to the cause of pollution in the environment stated that only 30 per cent of the volume of crude stolen by illegal refiners is converted to products, adding that the remaining 70 per cent was wasted and dispersed in the surrounding environment near the camps.
They explained that troops of the command had introduced the use of swamp buggies in destroying illegal refineries as opposed to setting the camps ablaze which has made it economically unviable for such sites to spring up again after raids by the joint force.
However, this claim by the force has been punctured by the Director, Health of Mother Earth Foundation, Nnimmo Bassey as well as the Executive Director, Centre for Environmental Justice, Sheriff Mulade.
The duo in separate remarks with Sweet Crude, condemned the continued devastation of the ecosystem by the military in its clampdown on illegal refineries.
Describing the devastation as an environmental problem, Nnimmo Bassey who is also a former Head of Friends of the Earth International, said: “These acts add to the environmental degradation of the region at a time when all efforts should be aimed at cleaning up six decades of unbridled pollution.”
“The way the security forces announce their highly polluting actions as achievement is highly embarrassing. The burning or bombing of the bush refineries is obviously not stopping the erection of more of them. Rather than burning the recovered stolen crude, they can be handed over to the companies from whose pipelines they were tapped.
“We have had occasion in the past to advise the security forces to adopt the environmentally safe method of dismantling the very basic constructions that the bush refineries are, and cart the materials, including the crude oil and refined products to places where they can be safely disposed of.”
On their part, Mulade said: “The destruction of illegal refineries is a reoccurring issue on a daily basis in the entire stretch of Warri South West local council area of Delta State.
“And as long as illegal refineries continue, the security agents would continue destroying them by spilling their contents into the river and as I speak with you, illegal refinery destruction is on-going and we can even see the smoke from Warri waterside.
“The security agents are doing a very good job but the way and manner they are handling the discarding of the ceased crude oil and its products, that is our concern because the emission, from the act is very dangerous and the lifespan of residents of these areas have been cut short because of this.
“We have told them to adopt environmental best approach to tackle this issue of illegal refinery. If you travel round the entire Warri South West, you would be shocked that the entire environment has been basterdized, the ecosystem destroyed, the livelihood of the people truncated.”
A cyclist bikes towards Cal Poly in the green bike lane along California Blvd. which was added to increase safety for bicyclists. Joe Johnston jjohnston@thetribunenews.com
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
PEOPLE is reporting that Selena Gomez recently completed a two-week program to treat anxiety and depression in New York City. One source tells PEOPLE that the singer and actor wanted to “get away and focus on themselves with no distractions,” adding that Selena “came back feeling very empowered” following the treatment.
The Blast, the first to report Selena's treatment news, notes that the on-site program included therapy, healthy meals, Pilates, and mediation. Us Weekly also reported on the treatment, turning to a source who says that Selena "feels great" after the treatment and that they kept in touch with a "supportive" Justin Bieber the whole time. The same source adds that Selena “wanted to clear their mind” following everything that happened in recent months. This is likely referring to the reported Jelena reunion and Selena's current relationship with their mother Mandy Teefy. In December 2017, Selena's mom said that while they were “not happy” about Jelena giving things another go, their daughter can live “however they want as long as they are happy, safe, and healthy.”
all apologies A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Nov 29, 2017 at 2:04pm PST
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Selena has previously been outspoken about their mental and physical health. In March 2017, Selena told Vogue that they started to have panic attacks on tour, which increasingly became “a really lonely place” for them “Basically I felt I wasn't good enough, wasn't capable,” they said, adding that they were worried about impressing their fans, who were now older and into “smoking and drinking” at my shows.
Six months later, Selena revealed that thanks to their friend and actor Francia Raisa, they received a kidney transplant after suffering from arthritis and kidney failure related to their Lupus. They later said on The Today Show, “I don't think what we went through was easy. I don't think it was fun. I hope this inspires people to feel good, to know there is really good people in the world.”
Follow Peggy on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook.
Women, activists, and SEIU members hold a rally to celebrate International Womens Day on March 8, 2018 in Chicago, Illinois. Scott Olson/Getty Images
The Illinois House voted on Wednesday to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution 40-plus years after it was approved by Congress. The ERA, which gained momentum during the 1960s and aims to combat discrimination based on sex, explicitly enshrining civil rights regardless of gender, was approved by the House of Representatives in 1971 and then by the U.S. Senate in 1972. The proposed amendment was then sent to the state legislatures with bipartisan support for ratification, garnering 35 of the necessary 38 state ratifications and appeared to be headed for enshrinement in the Constitution before it was met by a groundswell of opposition by conservative women's groups.
By the time the ERA effort fizzled, Illinois was one of the 15 states that failed to ratify the amendment before the congressionally-imposed 1982 deadline. Three-quarters of the state legislatures would be necessary to enshrine the amendment into law. The ERA has found renewed interest and political life in the era of #MeToo and in 2017, Nevada became the 36th state to ratify before Illinois became the 37th state to vote in favor of the ERA. Even with this renewed political push, the legislative future of the ERA remains dubious. “As has been the case for decades, the legislative debate over the Equal Rights Amendment was fraught with controversy,” the Chicago Tribune reports. “Opponents also contended the measure may be moot, since its original 1982 ratification deadline has long since expired. Supporters argued, however, that the 1992 ratification of the 1789 ‘Madison Amendment,' preventing midterm changes in congressional pay, makes the ERA a legally viable change to the constitution.”
When Illinois state house voted 72-45 to ratify the amendment, just one vote more than required to approve the amendment, it left 13 remains states that have not ratified the ERA: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Utah, and Virginia.
By Joseph Erunke
ABUJA-A Nigerian Air Force student pilot escaped death Monday, when a Diamond 40 Trainer Aircraft they used on a solo mission developed problem mid air in Kaduna State.
The incident, according to the Air Force spokesperson, Air Vice Marshal Olatokunbo Adesanya, in a statement, “was as a result of an airborne emergency.”
Following the development, the student pilot could not fly the aircraft back to the Nigerian Air Force Pilot Training school in Kaduna where they took off from.
The statement by Adesanya read thus:”A Nigerian Air Force (NAF) student pilot has force landed a Diamond 40 Trainer Aircraft on the outskirts of Kaduna while on a solo mission, as part of flying training at the 401 Flying Training School, Kaduna.
“The incident, which took place today, 19 March 2018, was as a result of an airborne emergency that could not enable the pilot fly the aircraft back to the Base. They therefore force landed the aircraft but with minimal damage to it.
”However, the student pilot, who was the only one on board, suffered minor injuries and is already receiving treatment at the 461 Nigerian Air Force Hospital, Kaduna. The Chief of the Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, has immediately directed the constitution of a board of inquiry to determine the exact cause of the incident while efforts are ongoing to recover the aircraft. “
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. (WSVN) - According to police, 43-year-old Alicia Roundtree was driving home from work alone when they were shot and killed by a stray bullet, Saturday night.
Officials said Roundtree was traveling westbound on Northwest 183rd Street near North Dade Regional Library when a single bullet came through their car.
They were airlifted to the hospital, where they later died.
Roundtree was loved and admired most by their three kids.
“Just a hard-working lady, doesn't do anything to anyone, always helping a lot of people,” said Roundtree's eldest son Johnathan Raphael. “If you need help, anything, she's right there for you.”
“What I gotta do is being strong for my brother, my sister and family. That's all I can do,” said Raphael.
Police have not made any arrests at this time. Any possible motives also remain unknown.
“You need to turn yourself in,” said Raphael. “Don't hurt anyone else.”
If you have any information on this crime, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
The UK housing market is one of the most keenly watched economic indicators: price movements fuel both economic sentiment and newspaper front pages.
Over the past couple of decades, the British public has grazed on a steady diet of house price stories — but such low-nutrition news is not good for your financial wellbeing. There are numerous reasons why your home's value is not as easy to discern as you might think.
I used to be the FT's property correspondent, and following a stint in Westminster, I now cover capital markets. If you asked me, what is a market, I'd say a place in which people buy and sell things. Yet in the main, that is precisely what British homeowners are not doing.
By comparison to other asset classes, real estate is deeply illiquid — just 4.5 per cent of the UK's housing stock changed hands last year, official figures show.
And although house price indices have recovered strongly in the decade since the financial crisis, transaction volumes have not. The number of homes bought and sold every year is still one quarter lower than the peak in 2007.
Stocks and bonds transact much more frequently, making the process of price discovery far more transparent.
For example, trading volumes in European debt securities are over 200 per cent of their total outstanding value. Meanwhile, 50 per cent of London Stock Exchange-listed securities on the main market and Aim change hands each year, according to FT calculations.
Why do transaction volumes matter for price discovery?
First, not all properties are the same. One share in a company is the same as another — thus the price at which it sells has repercussions for the price of all the other outstanding shares of the same class. But when it comes to property, differences of size, age, maintenance, geography and local amenities all influence pricing.
Second, the price paid for some homes will be irrational.
More than a third of all UK homes are bought by cash buyers, according to Nationwide; they do not have to undertake a professional valuation for mortgage purposes and are generally less price-sensitive.
That suggests that fewer than 3 per cent of British homes last year may have undergone a professional valuation which resulted in a successful transaction.
It is a very thin data set on which to base such an influential economic indicator.
What about the 95 per cent of homes that did not transact? A number of factors suggest that house price indices may not be particularly helpful in estimating their value.
Sentiment plays an important role in property sales. People are reluctant to sell if it means accepting less than they believe their home is worth.
When a homeowner is not content with the price they are offered, their home does not sell — and therefore does not become one of the thousands of data points used to draw up house price indices.
Among these unsuccessful sellers are those whose home value has not just plateaued or failed to meet their expectations of price growth, but has actually fallen. These homeowners need prices to rise to the point at which they can recoup the capital they invested in the property and cash out without crystallising a loss.
These homes will only appear in transaction statistics when owners are forced to sell — usually because of what estate agents nickname “the three Ds”, death, divorce and debt.
One of the three Ds has less influence on Britain's housing market now than it did in the past.
In the 1990s, house prices experienced a sharp drop as swaths of homeowners struggled to repay their mortgages, triggering widespread repossessions and fire sales by banks. These forced sales drove house price indices down, exacerbating the crisis and pushing hundreds of thousands of people into negative equity.
By contrast during and after the 2008 financial crisis Britain's mortgage lenders took a more tolerant approach to non-payers through the use of forbearance — a broad term for various informal remedies such as switching to an interest-only mortgage, reducing monthly payments, taking a payment holiday or increasing the length of the mortgage term.
Loans under forbearance are not counted as part of the statistics on formal arrears rates, but at the height of the housing market troubles in 2011 Bank of England research suggested that as many as 12 per cent of all UK residential mortgages were in some form of forbearance.
This helped prevent the downturn from developing into a 1990s-style crash, the Bank suggested.
The widespread use of forbearance has resulted in a much more stable price trend and recovery. However it has also left a hidden legacy of “mortgage prisoners” — owners who can barely afford their home.
Many of these homes have been rented out by owners who would prefer to sell but cannot afford to — either because they would not pass the credit checks to obtain a new mortgage, or because they cannot afford to crystallise their property's fall in value.
Supporting house prices has bolstered banks' badly damaged balance sheets, at the expense of pricing transparency
Unable to afford to move to find work elsewhere, these owners probably act as a local economic drag in some areas and contribute to the drop-off in transaction volumes which Britain has experienced over the past decade.
There is some evidence for this. According to Hometrack's Richard Donnell, areas with the biggest increases in buy-to-let rental properties in recent years have also seen the biggest drop-off in transaction volumes.
Supporting house prices has bolstered banks' badly damaged balance sheets, at the expense of pricing transparency.
Values failed to adjust downwards to their true level — what someone in the market would pay if that home had to be sold at that time — meaning the market started its next cycle at an artificially high level and rose further from there.
This is not merely a matter of academic concern. British banks are very exposed to the housing market and any attempt to adjust house prices downwards would have serious consequences for the banking sector.
As a result, whatever you might think your home is actually worth, the UK really can't afford to pay it.
Kate Allen is the capital markets correspondent for the FT; kate.allen@ft.com; Twitter @_Kate_Allen
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) — While power forward Caleb Swanigan grabs the majority of the attention with their 22 double-doubles during what has become a special sophomore season, No. 16 Purdue is at its best when 7-foot-2 junior center Isaac Haas is almost as — or more — productive.
Haas had 24 points and 11 rebounds Tuesday night, and Swanigan added 12 points and 17 rebounds in the Boilermakers' 74-55 victory over Rutgers.
Purdue (21-5, 10-3 Big Ten) led 45-39 with just over 12:30 remaining, but from the 11:15 mark until they left the game with 2:20 to play, Haas scored 16 points, and the Boilermakers pulled away for their fourth consecutive victory.
“I just kind of got into a rhythm,” said Haas, who scored a season-high 26 points in a Nov. 22 victory over Utah State in Mexico. “I was really trying to focus on rebounding, doing what I need to do for the team to win and accepting my role. It just kind of came to me tonight.”
Nigel Johnson scored 23 points to lead Rutgers (13-14, 2-12), which had no answer for Purdue's big men.
“They've got two great players,” Rutgers coach Steve Pikiell said. “What a luxury bringing (Haas) off the bench. They caused many problems, and they surround those guys with good shooters. I thought we did a decent job on Swanigan. Obviously, Haas was Swanigan tonight. They are a good basketball team that poses lots of problems for people.”
Boilermakers coach Matt Painter got what they were looking for from Haas during the final 20 minutes.
“His footwork was great,” Painter said. “He kept it simple. They got them down deep and used their post moves. They were the difference in the game in the second half. With Isaac, you try to keep them fresh, but when they play like that, you don't want to take them out.”
Thanks to 28 from Haas and Swanigan, Purdue outrebounded Rutgers 45-28. Purdue shot 47.5 percent to 35.9 for the Scarlet Knights.
Purdue struggled with turnovers in the first half (8) and led 33-26 through 20 minutes when Johnson was 5 of 6 from the field, including 4 of 4 from 3-point range, for 14 points, but the Scarlet Knights missed a chance to pull closer when the rest of their roster was 5 of 22 from the field.
Haas had eight first-half points, and Dakota Mathias and Carsen Edwards each added six. The Boilermakers outrebounded the Scarlet Knights 23-10 in the first half.
BIG PICTURE
Rutgers: While Johnson and Corey Sanders comprise an impressive backcourt, the Scarlet Knights lack the frontcourt strength to compete with a physical team such as Purdue, which got 36 points and 28 rebounds from Haas and Swanigan.
Purdue: The Boilermakers are 7-1 since a Jan. 12 loss at Iowa and continue to impress with a blend of interior and perimeter offense, plus great man-to-man defense when they need it.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Having won four in a row and seven of eight, Purdue would be positioned to rise in the next poll if it can beat Michigan State on Saturday in Mackey Arena.
MONSTERS IN MACKEY
Since losing on New Year's Day to Minnesota in overtime in Mackey Arena, Purdue has beaten Wisconsin, Illinois, Penn State, Northwestern and Rutgers on Keady Court by an average margin of 19.8 points. Now 6-1 at home in Big Ten play, the Boilermakers have Michigan State on Saturday and Indiana on Feb. 28 left at home.
UP NEXT
Rutgers: The Scarlet Knights travel to Northwestern on Saturday.
Purdue: The Boilermakers host Michigan State on Saturday.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Texas Tech Red Raiders quarterback Patrick Mahomes II (5) throws a second-quarter pass during the Baylor University Bears vs. the Texas Tech University Red Raiders NCAA football game at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas on Friday, November 25, 2016. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Texas Tech quarterback Patrick Mahomes is a projected first round pick in this years upcoming NFL draft.
Their predecessor Davis Webb, who transferred to Cal last season, is also on the rise with a few teams in need of quarterback.
Webb and Mahomes will both have to shed the Air Raid style QB away from their names in the NFL and Sports Illustrated Monday Morning QB contributor Andy Benoit listed the best fits for all quarterbacks in this year's draft.
Benoit has Mahomes fitting in best behind Philip Rivers for the next few years while first year head coach and former Red Raider Anthony Lynn has the ability to coach Mahomes in Los Angeles with the Chargers.
Lynn can hold Mahomes accountable with the playcalling tasks in Mahomes' hands. Benoit attributes Mahomes with a "sandlot" style of play once they leave the pocket to make plays happen. They said Mahomes with the Chargers would mold them into a smarter, more play oriented type of player.
Now, for Webb, Benoit has them fitting in best with a team that is projected to take Mahomes as high as No. 13 – that being the Arizona Cardinals.
Ronaldo has ‘clear conscience' amid tax evasion accusations
Cristiano Ronaldo insisted Wednesday they had a “clear conscience” after Spanish prosecutors accused Real Madrid's star forward of evading 14.7 million euros in tax through offshore companies.
“Conscience clear, always,” Ronaldo told reporters at Lisbon airport as they and their Portuguese teammates prepared to fly out to the Confederations Cup in Russia.
Real Madrid earlier gave their backing to Ronaldo, releasing a statement saying the club had “full confidence in our player Cristiano Ronaldo, who we understand has acted in accordance with the legality regarding the fulfilment of their fiscal obligations”.
“Since their arrival at Real Madrid C.F. in July 2009, Cristiano Ronaldo has always shown a clear will to fulfil all their tax obligations.
“Real Madrid C.F. are absolutely convinced that our player, Cristiano Ronaldo, will prove their total innocence in this process. Real Madrid C.F. hope that justice is done as quickly as possible so that their innocence can be proven as soon as possible.”
The 32-year-old Ronaldo — the world's highest paid athlete according to Forbes magazine — follows in the footsteps of Barcelona forward and Argentina star Lionel Messi, who was found guilty of the same offence last year, although the sums involved were allegedly smaller.
If they too are put on trial and found guilty, they risk “a fine of at least 28 million” euros ($31.3 million) and could potentially be jailed for three-and-a-half years, according to the Gestha union of experts at Spain's Inland Revenue.
Ronaldo is accused of “four crimes against the public treasury between 2011-14… which involves tax fraud of 14,768,897 euros”, Madrid's public prosecutor's office said on Tuesday.
“The accused took advantage of a company structure created in 2010 to hide income generated in Spain from their image rights from tax authorities, which is a ‘voluntary' and ‘conscious' breach of their fiscal obligations in Spain,” it said.
Prosecutors accuse the Portugal international of evading tax via a shell company based in the British Virgin Islands and another in Ireland, known for its low corporate tax rate.
In addition, they say they only declared 11.5 million euros of Spanish-related income from 2011 to 2014, while what they really earned during that time was close to 43 million euros.
And finally, they accuse them of “voluntarily” refusing to include 28.4 million euros in income linked to the sale of their image rights for the 2015 to 2020 period to a Spanish company.
The post Ronaldo has ‘clear conscience' amid tax evasion accusations appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
FACT: America's Got Talent is a mainly boring, sometimes awesome, TV show that you may or may not watch. ALSO A FACT: The women of Savitsky Cats, an Ukrainian roaming cat circus, recently brought their feline friends onto America's Got Talent and elevated it to the BEST SHOW ON TELEVISION. And that is because THESE CATS HAVE TALENT. (I'm sorry, but some occasions require all caps, and THIS IS ONE OF THEM.)
I can't get over how freaking amazing these cats are — I just want to quit my job and dedicate my life to watching them prance around. CATS FOR PRESIDENT!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have recovered a haul of kitchen knives that were found hidden inside a bush in Ladywood.
Five knives were recovered by officers who were “sweeping for weapons” as part of West Midlands Police's ongoing response to a summer surge in gun and knife crime .
The Ladywood police team tweeted yesterday that the knives were discovered during the weekend hidden inside a bush near to Crosby Avenue.
The initiative, codenamed Project Yawbridge, saw more than 60 weapons recovered from parks last month.
A dozen of those weapons were picked up during a sweep of Small Heath Park - including knives, a hammer, baseball bat and even a machete.
West Midlands Police also arrested four men linked to gang crime as part of the blitz last month.
Police ‘lockdowns' were also carried out in areas affected by violent crime as large numbers of officers flooded the streets and utilised stop and search powers.
Birmingham Police Chief Inspector Stu Bill said Project Yawbridge helped to disrupt organised crime.
They also warned that other operations are in the pipeline.
They said: “It's been a huge success: we've recovered weapons, drugs and made some significant arrests. We're working with partners to exploit every possible opportunity to get under the skin of people linked to gangs – they can't rest easy and need to understand that our officers could come knocking at any time.
“Our priority is to protect members of the community from people who carry weapons or commit crime. We want to hear from anyone who has suspicions that people, vehicles or properties could be linked to crime – we need to know so we can take action.
“They can call us on 101 or phone Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”
Rise of as-a-service lowers bar for cybercriminals
Criminal market changes with as-a-service offerings via exploit kits
As-a-service offerings for things such as DDoS and malware -- including ransomware -- via exploit kits has seriously lowered the bar for entry into the criminal market. Hackers no longer need to have sophisticated skills in order to gain entry into the world of cybercrime.
According to Geoff Webb, vice president of strategy at Micro Focus, the industrialization of the processes and the availability of the tools has created this expanded forum that allows non-technical people, anyone really, to enter into the digital crime market.
And there are a myriad of super inexpensive kits available. "Whether it's the ability to quickly crack passwords or find pre-mapped enterprises to get a look inside an organization and see where their services are and what services are running, or rent a by-the-hour DDoS attack, it's made the cost of entry much lower," Webb said.
The availability of these sets of tools means that capabilities and knowledge are readily available for hire or purchase, even for those non-skilled criminals. "They are industrialized, well known, and understood. An attacker can run everything that is vulnerable to this particular attack and tailor these tools to their targets," Webb said.
For pretty cheap money, virtually anyone is able to "Take advantage of unmatched systems, unmodified administration accounts, privilege escalation, or SQL injection attacks," said Webb.
These types of attacks work, said Webb, because organizations continue to struggle with implementing those basic controls.
More sophisticated hackers are using what Webb called a 'scalpel' attack. These are often state sponsored hackers or they are working for state sponsored organizations. "They use very sophisticated technology to establish a foothold," Webb said.
What the industry is seeing now with the rise of these as-a-service exploit kits is a 'sledge hammer' style of attack. "The complexity of mitigation is the same as it's always been, but the scale is the challenge for organizations," Webb said.
What allows for the automation of these attacks, said Scott Simkin, senior threat intelligence manager at Palo Alto Networks, is the exploit kits, "With beautiful interface that infect websites with the single push of a button. They determine the vulnerability and distribute the malware, and they can leverage them without any technical knowledge."
Because attackers no longer need a technical skill set to leverage these attacks, "The people who may take advantage of that might be the folks who were once focused on more physical crime who didn't think of the internet as a way to profit," Simkin said.
If traditional criminals are transitioning into the world of cybercrime in a way that hasn't been seen before, how will that impact enterprise security?
1 2 3 Next Page
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis has suggested transgender military members may continue to serve, despite President Donald Trump's announcement of a ban.
Mattis said Monday that the White House had still not provided policy guidance on transgender persons serving in the military, adding that they were still studying the issue, raising the prospect that transgender service members may be allowed to continue to serve despite President Donald Trump's July announcement of a ban via Twitter.
"We are going to study the issue," Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon.
"The policy is going to address whether or not transgenders can serve under what conditions, what medical support they require, how much time would they be perhaps non-deployable leaving others to pick up their share of everything. There's a host of issues and I'm learning more about this than I ever thought I would and it's obviously very complex to include the privacy issues which we respect," Mattis said.
"I am waiting right now to get the President's guidance in and that I expect to be very soon," they added.
Trump announced their plan to ban transgender service members on Twitter last month. The move took the Joint Chiefs of Staff by surprise, and the Pentagon has said it is awaiting an official order from Trump before making a policy change.
The White House has yet to send official guidance to the Pentagon on the ban.
Mattis was unwilling to publicly support a 2016 Rand Corp. study commissioned by the Defense Department that put the number of transgender people in the military at between 1,320 and 6,630.
Mattis added that the guidance Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford issued still stands. In a July memo, Dunford informed service members that there will be "no modifications to the current policy until the President's direction has been received by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary has issued implementation guidelines." "In the meantime, we will continue to treat all of our personnel with respect," Dunford wrote in a memo to the military that was obtained by CNN.
Mattis said the Defense Department is working with the Trump White House: "I got my people over there in the room to give them any military background that they might need to inform them but they write their own policy of course. So we are in a supporting role right now and soon we'll have, you know, the actual direction."
Last week, five active-duty transgender service members filed a lawsuit against Trump's Twitter directive, arguing it was unconstitutional.
Asked about the ban on August 10, Trump said they were doing the military "a great favor."
"I think I'm doing a lot of people a favor by coming out and just saying it," Trump said. "As you know it's been a very complicated issue for the military, it's been a very confusing issue for the military and I think I'm doing the military a great favor."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri
ABUJA- A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory sitting at Gudu, on Wednesday, convicted and sentenced the former Governor of Taraba State, Reverend Jolly Nyame to 14 years imprisonment without the option of fine.
Trial Justice Adebukola Banjoko found the defendant guilty on 27 out of the 41-count money laundering charge the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, preferred against him.
Specifically, the court sentenced Nyame to 14 years for criminal breach of trust, 2 years for misappropriation, 7 years for gratification and 5 years for obtaining valuable public properties without consideration.
The court held that the sentence would run concurrently, even as it discharged the defendant on 14 counts of the charge.
Justice Banjoko who gave the verdict after they turned down Nyame's plea for leniency, said they were “morally outweighed by facts of the case”.
“Citizens of Taraba had elected the defendant, a clergyman, in three separate occasions to govern them, which shows constant level of trust. The expectation must have been so high.
“As a Reverend, they must have been seen as an epitome of morality, piety and everything good. How will Reverend Nyame begin to explain to people of Taraba State their actions and inactions?
“How can they justify causing such a collosal loss to the state?” the Judge queried.
The judge who maintained that the defendant committed “catalogue of crimes” a month before they vacated office “while under intense searchlight from security agencies”, said the court would be failing in its responsibility “if it fails to impose the full sanction”.
According the judge, evidence before the court showed that while officials that served under the defendant were returning their loot to the EFCC after they were questioned, they said Nyame “was still busy committing more crime”.
The court stressed that one of such crimes included N100million the defendant withdrew from the state treasury to host former President Olusegun Obasanjo who paid a one-day visit to Taraba State in 2007.
The judge said after they carefully examined all the evidence EFCC tendered before the court, they concluded that it was “either the defendant entered into office without a corrupt mind and became corrupted, or they were corrupted ab-initio.
“There was such a crazy level of corruption in the air in Taraba State Ministry of Finance. It is however amazing that none of the officials were arraigned”, Justice Banjoko added.
They held that Nyame “behaved like a common theif with unbridled greed”, saying their sentence would serve as a deterrent to other public office holders.
The court directed EFCC to return all the funds it recovered in the process of its investigation into the case, to the coffers of Taraba State.
The judgment came eleven years after Nyame who held sway as Governor of Taraba State from May 29, 1999, to May 29, 2007, was docked by the anti-graft agency over allegation that they looted public funds to the tune of N1.64billion.
The prosecution, in the charge dated May 13, 2007, told the court that the former governor perpetuated the fraud between January 2005 and May 2007, through various bogus contracts.
Nyame had pleaded not guilty to the charge which they insisted was not only incompetent, but brought against them in bad faith.
The trial culminated from a petition jointly signed by one Umar Baba and Kelas Obadia, entitled “Taraba State in a mess, the Commissioner of Finance goofed” written on behalf of concerned citizens of the state.
EFCC had on November 22, 2016, closed its case after it called 14 witnesses that testified before the court.
Thereafter, the ex-governor testified in defence of themselves and called additional three witnesses that attempted to exenorate them of all the allegations against him.
Nyame whose trial commenced since 2005, earlier went to the Supreme Court to quash charges against him. They were turned down by the apex court on March 5, 2010.
They were among other things, accused of diverting N180million out of N250million meant for the purchase of stationeries by Taraba State government between January and February 2005, as a reward for the award of the contract to USAB International (Nig.) Ltd and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 115, 309 and 315 of the Penal Code Act Cap 532 laws of Federation of Nigeria 1990.
Meantime, in the over 300-paged judgment that lasted over six hours, trial Justice Banjoko said there was a nexus between Nyame and the fictitious N250m contract that was awarded for the bulk purchase of stationaries and office equipment.
Justice Banjoko noted that Nyame had through their then Commissioner of Finance, Alhaji Abubakar Tutare, approved a Memo for that contract which was awarded to a firm, Saman Global Ventures, on January 1, 2005, sidelining key officials of the Ministry of Finance in the process.
“The defendant gave that Memo life by giving their approval”, the court held, noting that N180m was subsequently diverted from the conctract sum and handed to the ex-governor.
Though the court held that evidence EFCC tendered against the ex-governor in respect of the transaction was “circumstantial” as no other document had their signature apart from the Memo, it however stressed that the manner funds were approved and released from the Taraba State treasury, showed that the defendant acted in breach of their oath of office.
“It is disheartening to note that between 2004 to 2005, the Ministry of Finance in Taraba State was specially an enclave, it was a den of criminal activities best illustrated with Ali Baba and the 40 thieves.
“The court finds the defendant guilty as charged.
“The clear purpose of the money was diverted. There was no evidence of purchase of the stationary”, Justice Banjoko held.
Besides, the Judge held that Nyame repeatedly approved release of funds to the firm despite being aware that it neither purchased the stationaries nor executed any contract.
They said there was no evidence that Nyame who had within five weeks, moved over N345m from the Taraba State coffers for purchase of stationaries, made any attempt to prosecute the firm or to set up a panel of inquiry, when the fraud was brought to their attention.
“The progenitor of this impunity was no one else than the defendant himself.The defendant cannot feign ignorance of this collosal fraud.
“He who approves must be accountable to what they approved. The defendant had the dominion over the state fund and only them could say open-sesame to the vault of Taraba State.
“The defendant cannot escape responsibilty or cling to the thin plank of mere approval”.
The court also held that the defendant “dishonestly” diverted public funds through the Taraba State Liaison Office, on the guise that it was used for the purchase of Rice that was shared to their supporters.
It also held that the defendant committed “criminal breach of trust beyond reasonable doubt”, when they approved N111m to host guests when the Mambilla Power Project was commissioned, even as it equally found them guilty of receiving gratification to the tune of N80m.
The court said it was amazed that Nyame had in their bid to defend the charge, “provided the entire arsenal for the prosecution”.
It observed that the defendant admitted to certain offences, seeking at the end for a plea bargain. They were also very inconsistent especially regarding the presidential visit and the issue of security votes”.
Nyame had after they were found them giulty, begged the court through their lawyer to temper Justice with mercy, insisting they had no previous criminal record. They told the court that they have dependants that rely on them for their subsistence.
The defence lawyer said the court could punish their client by imposing fine against them rather than imprisonment.
Nevertheless, EFCC's lawyer, Oluwaleke Atolagbe, urged the court to impose the maximum sanction to serve as a deterrent to other public office holders.
Aside the former finance commissioner in Taraba State during Nyame's tenure, Tutare, among those that testified before the court included a compliance officer with Zenith Bank Plc, Mr. Olubunmi Ogunode, as well as the Permanent Secretary to Taraba State government, Mr Dennis Okuma Nev.
Nev told the court that they were at a time, compelled to raise three separate memos for the withdrawal of N100m, which they said was used by Nyame to host former President Olusegun Obasanjo when they visited the state in 2001.
Similarly, an Accountant with the Rural Electrification Board in Jalingo, Taraba State, Mr. Abdulrahman Mohammed, narrated before the court, how the ex-governor used their name to withdraw N282m from Zenith Bank PLC, using 20 separate cheques.
Mohammed said the illicit transactions took place between 2005 and 2007 when they functioned as an accountant in charge of Taraba State liaison office in Abuja.
Nyame had through their lawyer, Mr. Charles Edosomwan, SAN, prayed the court to strike out the charge and discharge them on the basis that the prosecution was unable to effectively discharge the burden of proof placed on it by the law.
However, in a ruling on January 14, 2016, Justice Banjoko held that Nyame's contention was bereft of merit.
The Judge further dismissed a no-case-submission that was made by the defendant who contended that EFCC failed to by way of credible evidence, nail them to the alleged fraud.
Today, Smith announced the North American dates for The Thrill Of It All tour. The arena run will kick off on June 18, 2018!
Sam will be making a stop in St. Louis at Chaifetz Arena on August 17th, 2018!
Pre-sale tickets for fans will begin on October 11th.
General admission tickets will go on sale on October 12th.
For more information click here.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Households offered first time-of-use energy tariff
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Victor "DJ Cuco" Valle, producer of "The Night Crew." Photo: Ryan Bell.
On September 19, 2017—the day before Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico—the evening news team at WORA-TV in the coastal city of Mayagüez broadcast its final program before shutting down the station ahead of the storm.
“If Maria was going to be the monster everyone was predicting,” says Carolina Rodriguez Plaza, the news team's production manager, “we knew the power could be cut off for a long time. We decided to shut down the station and send everyone home.”
Plaza told their team of 12 reporters not to worry, their salaries would be paid during the downtime and their jobs would be waiting for them when broadcasting resumed. Plaza retreated to their parents' home, where they spent the night of the hurricane watching updates about the storm on cable TV. Then, as happened in homes across Puerto Rico, the lights flickered and the power went out. Hurricane Maria's 150-mile-per-hour winds toppled power lines and torrential rains grounded out the island's power grid.
Desperate for news about the disaster befalling their island, Plaza turned on a battery-powered radio and found that a local radio station, WKJB 710 AM, was maintaining its broadcast. The station's managers had learned a lesson about disaster preparedness in 1998, when Hurricane Georges blew down their radio antenna and cut off the power. Since then, staff had equipped the station with a backup power generator and a reinforced antenna that could withstand hurricane-force winds.
“Maria erased the world of journalism in Puerto Rico,” Plaza says. “It reemerged in a new form, with radio playing an important role.”
ICYMI: Charlottesville got trolled. Reporters didn't cover it.
Sign up for weekly emails from the United States Project
To Plaza's surprise, WKJB was being run by a motley crew of volunteer DJs. They called themselves “The Night Crew” and their improvised program was equal parts news program, variety show, and music channel. The DJs even took call-ins from listeners whose landline telephones still worked despite the power outage. Since the night of Hurricane Maria, “The Night Crew” has aired every night, raising the volunteer DJs to the status of folk heroes in Mayagüez.
“WKJB was a light on Puerto Rico's darkest night,” Plaza says. “I told myself: Carolina, you have a moral duty to produce news for the people. I asked my father to take me to the station because I wanted to go on the air and rally my team.”
One lesson from the 2017 hurricane season, the most expensive in history, was to show the valuable role AM radio plays as a nexus for coordinated news reporting during a disaster event. WKJB wasn't the only station to continue broadcasting through Hurricane Maria. In San Juan, WKAQ-AM stayed on the air, pausing momentarily when the wind ripped away part of the roof. And on the US mainland, AM radio stations provided real-time news coverage of the hurricanes that struck Texas, in August 2017, and Florida, in September.
“I told myself: Carolina, you have a moral duty to produce news for the people. I asked my father to take me to the station…”
“While Hurricanes Irma and Harvey wreaked their greatest damage,” Rich Appel wrote in a September 2017 story for Billboard, “most stations in their path not only quickly shifted from regular programming to that solely focused on storm coverage, but also used other available channels such as social media to help those in trouble, and sent recovery teams to parking lots and damaged homes to bring relief where it was needed most.”
With a machete in their car for chopping through downed branches, Plaza and their father drove through storm-battered Mayagüez on their way to the WKJB studio. They arrived to find that the station was being used for more than just broadcasting the news. It was serving as a distribution center for donated supplies and as a clinic for people with small injuries. Even the Mayagüez police had set up shop because their dispatch office had lost power.
Plaza asked the station's manager, Ada Ramos, if they could volunteer as host of a news program. Ramos knew of Plaza's reporting at WORA-TV and liked the idea of bringing their expertise as a street reporter to the airwaves of WKJB. Plaza then took a turn at the microphone and broadcast an all-points-bulletin for their TV broadcast team to report to the radio studio.
“I hope you and your families are okay, and that you've suffered no major damages to your homes,” Plaza said. “We are a news team and we can make a difference. There are stories that need to be told during this historic moment. Puerto Rico needs you.”
After the hurricane, Puerto Rico's journalism industry was left in disarray. To cope with the lack of power and poor communication channels on the island, journalists pooled resources and formed reporting collaboratives. In San Juan, the offices of GFR Media, publisher of three major newspapers created a reporting hub for journalists traveling to the island to cover the disaster. In addition to producing its own in-depth coverage, GFR Media made it possible for journalists from The New York Times, Washington Post, and Huffington Post to report on Hurricane Maria.
Meanwhile, at the San Juan Convention Center, command center for the government's emergency response effort, journalists pushed tables together to create impromptu newsrooms. And in the interior of the country, reporters pooled resources—satellite phones, solar charges, and WiFi hubs donated by the National Association of Hispanic Journalists as part of its #ConnectPuertoRico campaign.
“Bottom line is, if you take away a community member's access to information, to communication, you eliminate the ability to connect, mobilize, and provide proper response in the wake of a disaster,” NAHJ's president Brandon Benavides said in an interview with Mediashift in January.
Puerto Rico was already suffering from an economic recession, and the journalism industry there was already struggling to be profitable. The storm dealt a significant blow. GFR Media laid off 59 employees at its two largest newspapers, El Nuevo Día and Primera Hora, on October 26, 2017. And Plaza knew of at least 40 more print and television journalists who lost their jobs on the west coast of Puerto Rico.
“Maria served as a moment of contraction in the news industry,” says Plaza. “Meanwhile, AM radio emerged even stronger. Young people in the under-35 demographic are listening to radio news for the first time in their lives. Radios are at the center of a culture shift. Neighbors sit together drinking coffee and listening to the news.”
“Maria served as a moment of contraction in the news industry,” says Plaza. “Meanwhile, AM radio emerged even stronger. Young people in the under-35 demographic are listening to radio news for the first time in their lives.”
According to The Miami Herald, increased radio listenership resulted in an advertising boom. At WAPA Radio, an AM station based in San Juan, advertising went up by 300 percent the month following Maria. At Radio Isla, an AM station also broadcasting in San Juan, commercial breaks doubled in length from four to eight minutes between pre- and post-Maria. And in January, Inside Radio reported the record-setting sale of an FM translator tower in Mayagüez for $500,000. Not only was it the highest price ever paid for a translator in Puerto Rico, it ranked as the second largest sale of its kind in the US over the past year.
“Contrary to predictions and global trends in the industry, radio proved itself in this circumstance to be vital,” Rafael López of Radio Isla told The Miami Herald. “It became something of a first responder and the first line of help.”
On the day after the storm, when Plaza's announcement went out on the airwaves of WKJB 710 AM, several reporters either came to the station or sent word of their willingness to volunteer. Among them was veteran news reporter Julio Víctor Ramírez-Ferrer, editor-in-chief of La Calle Digital, a Spanish-language news website knocked offline by the power outage. Plaza and Ramirez-Ferrer agreed to co-host a show they would eventually name “Con Base y Fundamento,” which translates roughly to “The Basics and Fundamentals.” A government official used the phrase in an interview with them about an education policy. “I'll explain it to you in the most basic and fundamental of terms,” he'd said, using a tone that struck Plaza and Ramirez-Ferrer as condescending and pedantic.
“It's an inside joke,” Plaza says. “We want our show to hold people in power responsible for their actions.”
They organized teams of volunteer reporters into regional beats. The reporters found troves of stories on the streets of Mayagüez in need of coverage. The backup power supply at the county morgue was faltering, threatening to thaw 16 bodies in the refrigerated cooler. The local hospital had a shortage of oxygen tanks and purified water. A large number of homes destroyed by the storm weren't built according to code. The county's engineering department was abusing its authority to declare some public schools unsafe to inhabit, to justify shutting them down to save money.
“A lot of these stories were issues that were already going on in Puerto Rico,” says Plaza. “Hurricane Maria brought them to the surface.”
Thirty-three days after the storm, the power was turned back on at WORA-TV. Plaza and their team returned to their jobs producing the evening news program. And the return of power to Mayagüez had also allowed Ramirez-Ferrer to bring La Calle Digital back online.
Today, as hurricane season approaches again, Plaza and Ramirez-Ferrer continue co-hosting their hour-long program, Monday through Friday, on WKJB 710 AM. They use the channel to expand the reach of the reporting they do for their respective news organizations. Hurricane Maria taught them that, for journalists living in disaster-prone regions, it's important for news organizations to collaborate and to embrace communication mediums once thought obsolete.
“When the power goes out,” Plaza says, “a $5 transistor radio is more valuable than a smartphone.”
ICYMI: Meet the journalism student who found out they won a Pulitzer in class
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Ryan Bell is a writer and photographer based in Seattle. In 2015-2016, they were a Fulbright-National Geographic Storytelling Fellow in Russia and Kazakhstan. Their work has appeared in National Geographic, Bloomberg, Outside, and many other publications. Follow them on Instagram @ryantbell.
Franklin Financial Network in Franklin, Tenn., and Civic Bank & Trust in Nashville are once again delaying their planned merger.
The deal's termination deadline was extended to July 1, 2018, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Profit plunges at Crédit Agricole due to weakness at retail unit
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion's relegation rivals Stoke City have confirmed they tried to sign Daniel Sturridge in January.
Stoke wanted Sturridge to spearhead their attack, with Saido Berahino continuing to struggle at the Britannia Stadium.
But Sturridge opted to join Albion instead and the injury-prone Liverpool loanee has played just 149 minutes for the Baggies.
Berahino has been sidelined by Paul Lambert and has not scored a senior goal for more than two years.
Stoke chairperson Peter Coates confirmed the Potters tried to bring in Sturridge on loan in January because of the situation with Berahino and fellow flop Jese Rodriguez.
"We did try to strengthen again in January, it wasn't something we were unaware of, but football is more complicated than that," Coates told the Sentinel .
“We tried to spend money, but for whatever reason we weren't successful. Good strikers who will make a difference are not easy to find, as anyone in football will tell you.
“We tried to sign Daniel Sturridge from Liverpool for example, but they preferred West Bromwich Albion because they wanted to move to that area. We tried for Danny Ings, but once they let Sturridge go they wouldn't let them go.
“You must remember we had Jese at great cost and Saido Berahino at great cost, but they haven't performed for us.”
More Albion news
One thing is certain at The Hawthorns this evening - the pitch has been well watered!
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp made headlines on Saturday when they blamed the dry surface for their side's dropped points as West Brom battled back from two goals down to rescue a point.
Jake Livermore and then, dramatically, Salomon Rondon scored in the final 11 minutes to bring the scores level and leave Klopp fuming.
While the excuse was practically laughed off by Darren Moore, who assured the Reds boss that the move to not activate the sprinklers at half time was not a deliberate ploy, Albion couldn't resist the most subtle of digs at the German through the official Twitter account.
Before tonight's U23 welcoming of Blackburn Rovers, which Albion eventually lost 4-1, the Baggies rather cheekily posted the below tweet, in full view of a couple of sprinklers!
Off the hook
Albion centre-back Ahmed Hegazi has escaped punishment after the FA chose not to mount a violent conduct charge against the Egyptian.
Hegazi appeared to punch Danny Ings in the stomach after a challenge during Albion's 2-2 draw with Liverpool at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
The second-half incident was not spotted at the time by referee Stuart Attwell, nor was it included in their match report.
A three-man panel of former referees reviewed footage of the clash, but found no cause to prosecute the Albion man.
Hegazi would have been hit with a minimum three-match ban had they been charged and found guilty of violent conduct.
Such a sanction would have ruled Hegazi out for the rest of Albion's season.
The news will have relieved Darren Moore who has started Hegazi in each of their three matches in caretaker charge.
Moore was asked about the incident immediately after the match.
“I've heard about it now from the TV crews,” they said. “I didn't see it at the time.
“When I go back downstairs I'll get hold of our analysis boys to have a look at it.
“I was that engrossed in the game I didn't see the incident. We'll have a look at the incident as a football club and deal with it accordingly.
“I can't say whether I'll be happy or disappointed until I've seen it. Once I've seen it I can give my own view.
“I'd be commenting on speculating on something I've not seen.”
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was furious after their side surrendered a two-goal lead in the final ten minutes to draw with the Baggies.
The German blamed the dry Hawthorns playing surface and accused Attwell of siding with Albion on big decisions.
Not just with the Hegazi incident, but also a penalty appeal when Craig Dawson bundled over Ings as they chased a loose ball inside the box.
“We are very respectful of Liverpool and very respectful of Jurgen Klopp,” Moore said. “I think he's a fantastic manager, an excellent human being.
“In terms of the decisions, you'd have to speak to the referee.
“I thought the referee had a good game, played the game well and it was two teams not holding back.
“It was two teams going all out to try and win a game of football.”
Moore also disagreed with Klopp about the pitch.
The Baggies boss, who has collected five points from their first three games, rubbished suggestions the pitch had been under-watered as a ploy to slow Liverpool down.
“Number one, I was focused on the game and number two we watered the pitch before the game but it was hot, red hot,” they said. “It's different now the weather's changing. It was a red hot afternoon.
“I wasn't focusing on the pitch. My focus was on the game. I had enough to worry about. The pitch is there for both teams.”
VVD not amused
While Jurgen Klopp pointed to the state of the Hawthorns pitch as the explanation of why Liverpool didn't hold onto their two-goal lead at West Brom on Saturday, defender Virgil van Dijk instead pointed to their side's inability to defend set-pieces.
Jake Livermore and Salomon Rondon scored in the final 11 minutes for Albion to cancel out goals from Danny Ings and Mo Salah and ensured Darren Moore remains unbeaten in caretaker charge of the club.
Klopp was angry after the game and moaned about how dry the surface was, while suggesting that the Baggies would themselves prefer slicker conditions next season in the Championship.
“We defended quite well for 75 minutes. It was pretty much the only situations they had. The boys did really well. Scored the first one,” Klopp said after the match on Saturday.
“The pitch got drier and drier and it is not an advantage for the football playing side.
“If you are the better team you should win. It feels a waste of points, they don't need it, we need it. I am a big football fan.
“You have to make the best situations for the teams to deliver. I wouldn't have said anything like that if we had won.
“We try to do a good enough job. They finally accept they will be in the Championship. The boys came in, they don't have rhythm. We didn't have a little bit of luck.”
Van Dijk, who arrived in January from Southampton for £75m, instead blamed their teammates' lack of concentration when defending corners and free-kicks and admitted they were angered by the dropping of two points.
“Everyone gets upset. No one wants to concede at the last, even concede at all,” van Dijk told Sky Sports News.
“The way we conceded those goals is something to be angry about.
“We need to be honest with ourselves and everyone was. We need to do better. You have to tell each other the truth, you cannot be nice and happy when we want to achieve so much as a team, as a club. A draw here is not good enough but there is no reason to panic.”
Planning ahead
Albion favourite Chris Brunt has committed their future to the club - and hopes other senior players will follow suit.
Despite a recent upturn under caretaker manager Darren Moore, West Brom are destined to drop into the Championship.
Brunt is keen to embark on a 12th campaign with the Baggies having triggered a one-year contract extension.
And that pledge has been made regardless of which division the club finds itself in next season.
“I've triggered next year as an option,” said Brunt, who has taken on the captain's armband in the absence of Jonny Evans.
“I will be here next year unless anybody tells me otherwise.
“Unless somebody comes in with drastic new ideas, everybody has to accept their bit of responsibility for what's gone on this year and I'm no different.
“I think if we can get the right blend and the right mix next year and have a good go it could be a positive season for us.
“Every year in the Premier League you are throwing millions at it to just be a survivor.
“There are probably 10 clubs in the same position as us who could be in the same situation we're in, but this year unfortunately it's been us.”
By featuring in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Liverpool, Brunt moved into the top 20 all-time appearances list on 371 and counting.
He's one of several senior players - alongside James Morrison, Ben Foster, Gareth McAuley, Claudio Yacob and Boaz Myhill, who have been at the club upwards of five years.
And Brunt, 33, reckons there's an appetite among some of their team-mates to stay and get the Baggies back to the big time.
“I'd say so because it's disappointing,” they said.
“We've all been here a long time and worked hard to get into the Premier League and there's a fair chance it will be taken away from us.
“At this stage in your career it's disappointing, but for a few of us the club means a lot and you don't get that very often in football nowadays.
“Players tend to come and go quite a lot.
“We've got a group of lads who have been here a long time, seen worse times than these and will hopefully know what to do to get the club going back in the right direction.
“We don't want to admit defeat yet because over the last few weeks we've given ourselves a bit of a glimmer of hope.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“You've got to try to cling onto that for as long as you can.”
West Brom, who battled back from 2-0 down to hold Liverpool, need to win their final three matches to stand any chance of staying up.
They must also hope Swansea takes no more than a point from their final four games.
Swansea's run-in concludes with home matches against Southampton and Stoke, the sides immediately above Albion.
It's virtually beyond the realms of probability, but not quite.
Plotting for Hal
Olympiakos are readying a bid of €3m for West Brom striker Hal Robson-Kanu this summer, according to reports in the Greek press .
Robson-Kanu, who was handed a run-out by Darren Moore from the bench on Saturday in the 2-2 draw with Liverpool, has only made six appearances since the turn of the year - largely because of injury - and has started in the league just once since Christmas.
Having signed on a free transfer in the summer of 2016, the Welsh international has struggled to find the net on a regular basis.
Indeed, they have scored just twice in 22 games this campaign (the winner against Burnley in August and the opening goal in the draw with Newcastle in November).
The Greek media are reporting that Robson-Kanu is unlikely to entertain Championship football and so Olympiakos, one of the nation's most prominent sides, are said to fancy their chances of landing him.
Long shot
Rodrigo Battaglia, a player who was reportedly on Albion's radar in January, has linked once again.
The Portuguese press is suggesting that the Sporting Lisbon central midfielder may be under consideration for the Baggies once again this season, though the Argentine has since broken into the Sporting side, playing a prominent role in their run to the Europa League quarter finals.
Spanish trio Sevilla, Real Betis and Villarreal are also named as potential candidates this summer.
With Albion on the brink of the Championship, this one seems a seriously unlikely bet.
YANGON — Myanmar is committing crimes against humanity in its campaign against Muslim insurgents in Rakhine state, Human Rights Watch said Tuesday, calling for the UN Security Council to impose sanctions and an arms embargo.
A government spokesperson rejected the accusation, saying there was no evidence, adding that the government was committed to protecting rights.
Myanmar has also rejected UN accusations that its forces are engaged in ethnic cleansing against Rohingya Muslims in response to coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on the security forces on Aug. 25.
It says its forces are fighting terrorists responsible for attacking the police and the army, killing civilians and torching villages.
The military campaign has sent nearly 440,000 refugees fleeing to Bangladesh, most of them Rohingya. They have accused the security forces and Buddhist vigilantes of trying to drive Rohingya out of Buddhist-majority Myanmar.
“The Burmese military is brutally expelling the Rohingya from northern Rakhine state,” said James Ross, legal and policy director at New York-based Human Rights Watch.
“The massacres of villagers and mass arson driving people from their homes are all crimes against humanity.”
The International Criminal Court defines crimes against humanity as acts including murder, torture, rape and deportation “when committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population, with knowledge of the attack.”
Human Rights Watch said its research, supported by satellite imagery, had found crimes of deportation and forced population transfers, murder and attempted murder, rape and persecution.
The UN Security Council and concerned countries should impose targeted sanctions and an arms embargo, the group said.
Government spokesperson Zaw Htay said no Myanmar government had ever been as committed to the promotion of rights as the current one.
“Accusations without any strong evidence are dangerous,” they told Reuters. “It makes it difficult for the government to handle things.”
Little sympathy
The violence and the refugee exodus represent the biggest crisis the government of Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced since it came to power last year in a transition from nearly 50 years of harsh military rule.
Myanmar regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and bouts of suppression and violence have flared for decades. Most Rohingya are stateless.
The United States and its Western allies imposed sanctions on Myanmar for years in support of Suu Kyi's campaign for democracy.
It has criticized the military campaign as “disproportionate” and called for an end to violence, but an official of President Donald Trump's administration said this month they did not expect a return to sanctions.
Suu Kyi has faced scathing criticism and calls for their Nobel Prize to be withdrawn. They denounced rights violations in an address to the nation last week and vowed that abusers would be prosecuted. They also said the government was trying to determine why so many people fled.
Seven UN experts, including Yanghee Lee, special rapporteur on rights in Myanmar, called on Suu Kyi to meet Rohingya to hear for themselves the reasons for their exodus.
“No one chooses, especially not in the hundreds of thousands, to leave their homes and ancestral land, no matter how poor the conditions, to flee to a strange land to live under plastic sheets and in dire circumstances, except in life-threatening situations,” they said.
They called on Myanmar to provide humanitarian access to Rakhine state, where the military has been restricting entry.
Suu Kyi has little, if any, control over the security forces under a military-drafted constitution that also bars them from the presidency and gives the military veto power over political reform.
Myanmar has seen a surge of Buddhist nationalism in recent years, and the public is supportive of the campaign against the insurgents.
Since Sunday, the army has unearthed the bodies of 45 members of Myanmar's small Hindu community who authorities say were killed by the insurgents soon after the violence erupted.
The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which has claimed attacks on the security forces since October, denied killing the villagers.
Some Hindus have fled to Bangladesh. Others have taken refuge in Myanmar towns, accusing the insurgents of attacking them on suspicion of being government spies.
Honolulu attorney Michael Green, right, sits with their client, the former Hawaii Emergency Management Agency employee who sent a false missile alert to residents and visitors in Hawaii, left, during an interview with reporters, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Honolulu. The ex-state employee says he's devastated about causing panic, but they believed it was a real attack at the time. The man in their 50s spoke to reporters Friday on the condition they not be identified because they fear for their safety after receiving threats. Jennifer Sinco Kelleher AP Photo
ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — A new poll released Monday shows New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo holding big leads over two potential Republican challengers and “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon, who declared their run to challenge the Democrat as they seek a third term in office.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” Nixon said via Twitter.
Them campaign fundraising website declares the former “Sex and the City” actor “…hasn't been bought and paid for by special interests and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Instead our campaign will be powered by the people.”
The Siena College poll found that registered voters in New York state prefer Cuomo over Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro by 57 percent to 29 percent. They also favor Cuomo over state Sen. John DeFrancisco, of Syracuse, 57 percent to 28 percent, according to the poll.
Democrats overwhelmingly favor Cuomo over Nixon, a potential primary challenger, by 66 percent to 19 percent.
Nixon, a 51-year-old gay liberal activist, is a supporter of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a fellow Democrat who often clashes with Cuomo on a variety of issues.
According to Siena pollster Steven Greenberg, Nixon “is far from a household name in New York, though they are better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco.”
Molinaro plans to formally kick off their campaign April 2, several weeks after they began getting the support of local GOP leaders upon telling them they were running. Republicans are expected to select a candidate at their state convention in May.
Cuomo's favorability rating slipped slightly from the previous month, with 52 percent of voters saying they had a favorable view of the governor compared to 40 percent who were unfavorable. A February Siena poll had Cuomo's favorability rating at 53 percent, down from 62 percent the previous month.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The poll has a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
The hopes of Toru-Orua community to be in the finals of the second edition of the Governor Seriake Dickson Football Tournament ended on Tuesday.
Toru-Orua, which is Governor Seriake Dickson's community, lost to Peretorugbene community 9-8 on penalties in the first semi-final game played at the Samson Siasia Sports Complex in Yenagoa.
The pulsating game, which ended 1-1 at regulation time, witnessed lots of interesting moments from the blast of the whistle till the end as both teams showcased strength and determination in their quest to be in the final of the competition.
Toru-Orua midfielder, Bibo Amgbare, almost broke the deadlock with a beautiful free kick in the 33rd minute but their goal bound shot was parried by the goalkeeper while Peretorugbene's Matthew Effie's well taken free kick in the 38th minute was also saved.
In the second half, both sides continued to mount pressure and missed a couple of chances. But the curtain raiser came in the 77th minute as a low cross from the right corner met Tokoni Joel, who slot home from 10 yards.
Peretorugbene however fought back immediately. Their effort paid off after Toru-Orua's Omaba Kenneth stopped a goal-bound shot with their hands. This earned them a red card, with the centre referee pointing to the spot. The kick was converted by Matthew Efie nine minutes from time.
Peretorugbene won 9-8 in the shoot-out hence became the first team to book their place in the finals.
The Dr. Peter Singabele mentored side will await the winners between Ogbia Unity Cup champions, Otuasega, and Opu-Nembe on Wednesday while Toru-Orua will play in the losers final.
The finals will be played on Sunday 3 June at the newly refurbished Samson Siasia Stadium Yenagoa.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Onslow County, N.C. (WNCT) – One person is in custody in connection with a stabbing in Onslow County. The person is not charged at this time.
The stabbing happened at 12:50pm at 159 N.C. 172 Friday. Investigators say an argument led to the incident. The victim stabbed is a 40 year old male. They were flown to Vidant Medical Center in Greenville for treatment.
The Onslow County Sheriff's Office says the public is not in danger, and the case is under investigation.
TORONTO — A Tom Thomson painting that was given away as a gag gift just months ago has sold at auction for nearly half a million dollars.
Until recently, "Sketch for Lake in Algonquin Park" was collecting dust among a pile of artworks in Glenna Gardiner's Edmonton basement.
The 71-year-old retired nurse says they used to laugh off their late father's claims that the painting was created by Thomson, often considered the forefather to the Group of Seven.
The work's origins became a running joke between Gardiner and a longtime friend, who insisted it was authentic, leading Gardiner to present it as a gag gift.
A man goes on trial today charged with the attempted murder of a teenager and a woman on the same night.
The 15-year-old boy was injured outside the Idaara Maarif-e-Islam mosque in Herbert Road, Small Heath, during the early hours of Saturday, September 30.
Unemployed Dominic Palmer, aged 29, of Herbert Road, faces charges over the incident at Birmingham Crown Court.
The injured schoolboy had only celebrated their 15th birthday two days before the alleged attack.
Dominic Palmer is also accused of attempting to murder Mitzie Harper on the same night.
Follow updates from the trial below.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man jailed for three years for robbing a 12-year-old girl of their mobile phone picked on their victim because they were "easy prey".
Slovakian Patrik Gunar, who admitted the offence, was arrested after Derbyshire Police released shocking CCTV footage of the girl bravely trying to fend off their attacker, before they fled with their iPhone 6 on February 18.
The force thanked a number of celebrities, including Piers Morgan, Nick Knowles, Michael Vaughan and Gaby Roslin, for retweeting their appeal after the incident.
The 22-year-old sobbed throughout the hearing as the judge commented on the "preposterous" stories they had claimed were the reasons for committing the offence.
The schoolgirl fought against Gunar for 25 seconds in Cambridge Street, Derby, as they were on their way home from buying some cauliflower for their mother in what was described as a "sustained" attack.
In an interview with police, the defendant told officers "she was just a little girl" and that they were "easy prey".
Appearing at Derby Crown Court on Monday, Gunar of Becher Street, Derby, pleaded guilty to a single charge of robbery as their family watched on from the public gallery.
Judge Nirmal Shant QC told Gunar: "I have seen CCTV footage of what you did... on that day and what you did was walk past a 12-year-old complainant, decided they were easy prey and chose them deliberately because of their age and vulnerability.
"What can be seen on screen is that you were determined to get it off them despite their best efforts to stop you from doing so.
"You held onto that phone while you ragged them about on the floor. They continued bravely to hold onto their phone but you carried on."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The judge added: "You made up a preposterous story to explain your involvement in this saying that you had been effectively held at gunpoint or injected with drugs to perform this robbery.
"You deliberately targeted a 12-year-old - taking the view no doubt that you could easily take the phone from her."
Opening the case against Gunar, prosecutor Mark Watson said: "He knows they are there because they turn quickly, decidedly walks to them and goes straight for their pocket in which their iPhone 6 was.
"To their enormous credit, they tried to hold on to it. As a result they are ragged about, firstly on their feet and then on the floor.
"Even when they fall to the ground they continue to forcibly pull at the phone in their pocket and this lasts about 30 seconds."
Mr Watson said the victim had screamed throughout and at some point, common sense kicked in because they were worried the defendant had a knife.
In a victim personal statement which Mr Watson summarised to the court, the girl described how they are now too afraid to go outside for even a few minutes "in case they were going to get them again".
Daniel Church, defending, said: "He has shown some evidence of remorse in this case. I accept from the outset that this act is utterly despicable."
They added that Gunar was "ashamed" of their behaviour and that they had made no attempt to conceal their identity from police.
The Trigg County Coroner's Office has sent an update about the death of a local man in a Tuesday car crash.
Terry Moss of Cadiz died in the one-vehicle wreck that happened around 6:10 p.m. Tuesday.
After a forensic examination on Wednesday, the coroner's office confirms the cause of terry moss's death will be ruled "natural."
The Western Kentucky Medical Examiner's Office in Madisonville found that an acute cardiac event — a term that describes a range of heart conditions —caused Moss to lose control of their car and crash in the Rainbow Hill area of Trigg County.
The exact cause of death will be determined pending a cardiac report from the laboratory.
By TJH
Drew Angerer/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — President Trump is set to spend their first night at their Manhattan penthouse since becoming president.
Trump is making their return visit Monday night in the midst of what their administration has called a “working vacation” away from the White House, which is undergoing renovations. The president has been staying at their New Jersey home for over a week.
While this may be the president's first visit back to their Fifth Avenue skyscraper, it is hardly the first time they have retreated from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave to one of their Trump properties. The president has already made a dozen trips to their Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida and their home in New Jersey since assuming the presidency.
Trump has previously referenced the costs associated with presidential protection as one of the reasons they have opted to return to their New Jersey estate rather than Trump Tower.
The New York Police Department said in February that it costs up to $308,000 a day to protect Trump Tower when the president is in town.
Prior to becoming president, Trump repeatedly criticized their predecessor, Barack Obama, for taxpayer-related expenses for their vacations.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
PHOENIX — Kristi Toliver scored 30 points, Tianna Hawkins had 13 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Washington Mystics beat the Phoenix Mercury 103-95 on Wednesday night.
Rookie Ariel Atkins added a season-best 21 points in their first start for Washington (5-1), which was without star Elena Delle Donne for a second straight game due to an illness. Toliver made 10 of 16 shots from the field, and the Mystics went 11 of 17 from 3-point range.
Toliver scored 15 points in the first half to help Washington build a 49-43 lead. The Mystics started the second half on a 6-0 run and led by at least 10 points throughout the fourth quarter.
Brittney Griner scored 27 points on 13-of-16 shooting and DeWanna Bonner added 25 points for Phoenix (2-3), which has lost three straight. Diana Taurasi picked up three fouls in the first half and finished with nine points.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A Tennessee woman's video of their tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday they had just picked up their son, Keaton, from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call them ugly, make fun of their nose and tell them they have no friends. They said milk was poured on them and ham was put down theirs clothes.
This is Keaton Jones, they live in Knoxville and they have a little something to say about bullying.pic.twitter.com/coyQxFp33V — Everything TN (@Everything_TN) December 9, 2017
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton said. “What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
“People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday, and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton's future education had raised more than $29,000.
“We all know how it feels to want to belong,” Jones said in their post, “but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
On Twitter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said they and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time they come home to their native Knoxville, they want to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter they want Keaton to “add me to your long list of friends,” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “has a friend for life” and that “love is the only way to beat hate.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Bill Cosby exits the courtroom during their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby enters the courtroom during their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby exits the courtroom during their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby walks through the Montgomery County Courthouse during jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Attorney Gloria Allred arrives for jury deliberations in Bill Cosy's sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
District Attorney of Montgomery County Kevin Steele walks through the Montgomery County Courthouse during jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Andrea Constand exits the courtroom during jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Cosby is accused of drugging and sexually assaulting Constand at their home outside Philadelphia in 2004.
Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby's lawyer Brian McMonagle walks from the Montgomery County Courthouse during Cosby's sexual assault trial in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby walks from the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial in Norristown, Pa., Wednesday, June 14, 2017.
Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Norristown, Pa.
By MARYCLAIRE DALE and MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
As deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial continue into a fourth day Thursday, nerves are frayed, patience is shot and no one is certain when it will all end.
Some jurors appeared angry, the judge sounded exasperated and accuser Andrea Constand's mother broke down in tears Wednesday.
The sequestered jury has been at it for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday, pausing a half-dozen times to revisit key evidence, including Cosby's decade-old admissions that they fondled Constand after giving them pills.
Judge Steven O'Neill seemed vexed at times as the court staff struggled to answer the jury's requests. One batch of requested testimony hadn't even been transcribed yet.
But when jurors asked to stop for the day Wednesday night, O'Neill was effusive with praise — encouraging their diligence as they weigh charges that could put the 79-year-old Cosby in prison for the rest of their life.
"This is an incredible jury that has just acted with incredible dignity and fidelity," O'Neill said. "I don't have any higher praise. You have taken your task so seriously."
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term, though the counts could be merged at sentencing if they are convicted.
The case has already helped demolish their nice-guy reputation as America's Dad.
Cosby has wavered between stoic and smiling as they await their fate, but gave a brief thumbs-up as jurors listened to a court reporter reread their January 2005 police interview.
In it, they claimed Constand showed no ill effects from the 1 1/2 Benadryl pills they gave them to help them relax, and that they never objected to their behavior during the 2004 encounter at their suburban Philadelphia home.
Constand testified last week that they were paralyzed by the pills and unable to fight Cosby off. Them mother, Gianna Constand, pulled a cloth from their pocket to wipe away tears Wednesday as they listened to the testimony.
Cosby's lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner.
Some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as they listened to the police interview. One slunk down in their seat, looking angry.
"Can you find 12 people who will agree? That's the question," said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber, who wasn't involved in the case.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
The Peebles golfing pair of Lorna Rutherford and Sheila Horsburgh have qualified for the national final of the American Golf Ladies Championship, after a thrilling victory in the regional qualifying event.
They narrowly edged out Sue Horne and Elaine Mitchell of Thornton Golf Club in Fife, who claimed second place on countback after they tied with another Peebles pairing of June-Anne Clark and Martha Shortreed.
The Peebles and Thornton Golf Club pairs now progress to Ryder Cup venue, The Belfry, on September 7-8, where they will battle it out on the Brabazon course for the title of the best Ladies Pair in the UK.
Sheila and Lorna secured victory with an impressive score of 44 points. They were pressed all the way to the 18th by the tow other duos, who eventually finished on the same score of 43.
After analysis of the back nine holes, ELaine and Sue were declared runners-up and booked their place at the Belfry.
In addition to the drama of qualifying, Stranraer golfer Katie Wright scored a hole-in-one, to the delight of all in attendance.
Both pairs will now join qualifiers from all over the UK and Ireland in front of Sky Sports' cameras at the Belfry Grand Final, where they will compete across two days to be crowned American Golf Ladies Champions.
This win also puts them in contention for the Tournament of Champions in Mauritius, should they succeed at the iconic Midland venue.
Local American Golf manager, Steven Laing, from the Braid Hills store, said: “To have won through to the national finals of the American Golf Ladies Championships is a great achievement and I'm delighted the Borders' golfing community will be well represented.
“It will be an incredible experience playing on a Ryder Cup course and I can't wait to see how our ladies get on.”
Daniel Gathercole, director of marketing and communication at American Golf, added: “The Ladies Championship is one of our most popular events –the spirit with which the ladies approach both the competition and the fun of the occasion is a fantastic advert for the game of golf.
“We can't wait to welcome all our qualifiers to the Belfry and, if it's half the final we had last year, viewers will be in for a real treat.”
Entry to all the American Golf Championships, including the American Golf Ladies Championship, is absolutely free and is part of the nationwide retailer's drive to promote the game of golf and get more people out playing golf more often.
Kuznetsova
Dubai: After three finals appearances over 13 years, Tour veteran Svetlana Kuznetsova has set their sights on finally winning the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships, beginning from February 19.
The 31-year-old Russian has fallen just short on three occasions, finishing as runner-up to Justine Henin in 2004, Elena Dementieva in 2008 and Caroline Wozniacki in 2011.
But the Tour veteran is now playing their best tennis in years, and after Wimbledon last year — where they reached the fourth round before losing to eventual champion Serena Williams — their efforts were rewarded with a return to the top 10 for the first time since 2010.
They continued to go from strength-to-strength during the second half of last season, retaining their Moscow title, reaching the semi-finals of Wuhan and Tianjin and the quarter-finals of Montreal and Cincinnati, before finishing the year with a run to the semi-finals of the WTA Finals in Singapore. Them run to the fourth round at the Australian Open this year before falling to Anastasia Pavyluchenkova saw their climb in the rankings to World No.8.
And with their ranking restored and dozens of wins under their belt, Kuznetsova has gained in confidence and feels she's earned new respect from their rivals.
“People see me differently now because I'm a top 10 player again,” they said. “Players will only see you by the ranking, and ranking reflects everything. You can't cheat the ranking, that's for sure.
“All players want to beat me. Of course, everyone expects good tennis from me and that can be hard to deal with. But I feel confident, I feel happy and healthy. Those are the main things and I love the game. I enjoy it.”
Them the biggest challenge has often been in finding consistency, and that is reflected in their results in Dubai. As well as their three finals they have reached the semi-finals twice, but they have also twice lost to Julia Goerges in the first round, twice lost to a qualifier and been beaten by wild card Sania Mirza. In 2013 they even had to fight their way through qualifying.
“I would love to take some of the consistency into this season. In the last few years, I haven't been so good,” they admit. “I was always there, but couldn't quite flip the switch. I would love to stay with the switch on, because it's the key for me. I feel that I'm playing as well as the best in the world, and I have a chance to beat them and be ranked among them everywhere I go. It's a great feeling because I worked really hard to be there.”
Kuznetsova will be playing in Dubai for the 14th time, missing just one year since their debut in 2003.
 They are just one of seven Top 10 players who will be chasing the title. Headlining will be World No. 2 and 2016 Australian and US Open champion Angelique Kerber, last year's French Open winner Garbine Muguruza, WTA Finals winner Dominika Cibulkova, 2017 Brisbane champion Karolina Pliskova, 2017 Sydney winner Johanna Konta and former Dubai champions Caroline Wozniacki, Sara Errani and Agnieszka Radwanska.
Action gets underway first with the WTA event from 19 February, followed by the ATP World Tour event from February 27.
The ATP line-up includes World No. 1 Andy Murray; Australian Open champion and seven-time Dubai winner Roger Federer; Dubai defending champion, winner of three Grand Slams and world number three Stan Wawrinka; two-time Dubai finalist Tomas Berdych and World No. 9 Gael Monfils.
Tickets are available from the box office at Dubai Tennis Stadium in Garhoud, which is open 9am to 9pm daily. Tickets are also available via http://www.dubaidutyfreetennischampionships.com/en/tickets.
For more details visit www.dubaidutyfreetennischampionships.com.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Brady intercepted twice as Dolphins beat Pats 27-20
hello
Miami Dolphins tight end Julius Thomas (89) drops a pass but recovers it as New England Patriots strong safety Patrick Chung (23) defends, during the first half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla. Associated Press
Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler (6) looks to pass, during the first half of an NFL football game against the New England Patriots, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla. Associated Press
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) looks to pass, during the first half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla. Associated Press
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. -- The Miami Dolphins wore their perfect season uniforms, and for at least one game in 2017, they looked the part.
Tom Brady was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and held without a third-down conversion Monday night, and Miami snapped the New England Patriots' eight-game winning streak with a surprising 27-20 victory.
The Dolphins (6-7) were 11-point underdogs at home, but they kept the Patriots (10-3) from clinching their ninth consecutive AFC East title - at least for another week.
"It was a bad night," Brady said. "We've had a lot of good nights this year. This was a bad night."
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown. Miami sacked them twice and hit them five times, and held the Patriots to 25 yards rushing. New England was 0 for 11 on third down.
"Our focus every game is to hit the quarterback as hard as we can and make them uncomfortable," defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh said. "I think we did a pretty good job of it."
The Dolphins' Jay Cutler threw for 263 yards and three scores, including two to Jarvis Landry. Kenyan Drake had 114 yards rushing and 79 receiving.
A Brady touchdown pass cut the deficit to 10 points with 13 minutes left, but the Patriots' next three possessions netted 5 yards. After a New England field goal, Miami sealed the victory by recovering an onside kick with 53 seconds to go.
"This gives us a boost," Cutler said. "Winning is what keeps you in this game. The locker room after a game, there's nothing like it."
The Dolphins wore their 1972 uniforms, and for the first time in four prime-time appearances this season, they rose to the occasion. Miami tried to turn the game into a laugher in the third quarter when Landry caught a touchdown pass and then set the ball down in the end zone and pumped it repeatedly - a reference to the Patriots' Deflategate scandal.
"It's all about taking the air out of the ball," Landry said.
Coach Adam Gase beat New England for the first time in four tries. Their team snapped the Patriots' 14-game road winning streak, second-best ever behind San Francisco's 18 in a row from 1988-90.
Gase threw a lot of wrinkles at the Patriots early, with tight end MarQueis Gray and receivers Landry and Jakeem Grant taking turns lining up in the backfield.
"We used a lot of guys," Cutler said. "We were mixing it up. Adam was dialing it up well."
Cutler spun out of the grasp of blitzing safety Jordan Richards to throw a completion that kept Miami's first touchdown drive going.
The 5-foot-7 Grant made a leaping catch against Malcolm Butler their first career touchdown reception, a 25-yarder.
Meanwhile, the Patriots sputtered without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who served a one-game suspension for a late hit to the head of an opponent.
"We got beat in all three areas of the game," coach Bill Belichick said.
BALL HAWK
Brady underthrew an open Brandin Cooks deep, and Howard closed for the interception and a 29-yard return to set up a touchdown. Howard also had two interceptions a week ago against Denver.
Brady came into the game with only four interceptions all season.
SLOW START
The temperature was 55 degrees at kickoff - frosty by Miami standards - and the Patriots were sluggish from the outset. They were outgained 123 yards to 2 in the first quarter, when Brady went 0 for 4 with an interception.
ANTHEM
The Dolphins' Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas and Julius Thomas knelt in protest during the national anthem, as they've done for most of the season. Stills was nominated by their teammates last week for the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year Award.
INJURIES
Patriots DT Alan Branch left the game with a knee injury. Starting S Patrick Chung limped off in the final minute.
UP NEXT
The Patriots visit AFC North champion Pittsburgh on Sunday in a possible playoff preview.
The Dolphins play the Bills in two of their final three games, including Sunday at Buffalo.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Can you really use probiotics to fight acne? Wait, I thought bacteria caused acne...
If you've ever had a breakout, you've likely tried to dry those suckers up with bacteria-killing washes and spot treatments. You know, because conventional wisdom (and lots of research) has shown that zits, particularly the big painful cysts, are often caused by P. acnes bacteria getting into your pores and going to town.
But now bacteria is trying to spin a comeback kid PR campaign, thanks to the rise of probiotics in everything – yoghurts, supplements and now skincare products.
But for those of us who have acne, naturally you'd wonder: Wouldn't those probiotics just make my skin worse? Luckily, Dr Whitney Bowe, NYC celebrity dermatologist and author of The Beauty of Dirty Skin, is here to lay it all out for you (and me. Because I'm confused too).
First of all, what are probiotics?
While you might automatically associate the word “bacteria” with things like food poisoning and Petri dishes, not all bacteria is bad for you. Enter probiotics, which are live, friendly bacteria that benefit your overall health and your skin. They help you digest food, combat against environmental damage and strengthen the immune system, Dr Bowe says.
Your body naturally contains tons of bacteria (both inside and on your skin) to help it function properly, says Dr Bowe. This is called the microbiome. “There are more than one trillion bacteria in the skin, originating from approximately 1 000 different species,” says Dr Bowe.
Read more: 5 foods high in probiotics (that aren't yoghurt)
What does this have to do with my skin?
Two things, actually. Inside your body, the bacteria in your gut interacts with your immune system, which can affect your skin, Dr Bowe says. “Certain inflammatory skin disorders like acne, rosacea and eczema are thought to flare in those whose gut bacterial mix has been thrown out of balance,” says Dr Bowe.
If your body's natural balance of bacteria gets thrown out of whack (say you've been on antibiotics forever to deal with back-to-back yeast infections), that can damage your intestinal lining. This allows irritating substances that are normally digested to float into your bloodstream, which sets off your immune system and can cause inflammation throughout the body, including redness and skin sensitivity.
Then, remember how Dr Bowe said there are a bunch of bacteria sitting on top of your skin, too? “If your skin's healthy microbiome is disrupted by harsh cleansers and other abrasive skincare products, this discontent can result in breakouts,” explains Dr Bowe.
The short version: If your body's natural bacteria balance inside or outside of the skin gets thrown out of whack, your skin suffers (breakouts, etc). But when your body's “good” bacteria is healthy and thriving, Dr Bowe says that's when your skin will look its best.
Read more: “I tried a natural skincare routine for a month – here's what happened"
What's the best way to use probiotics for acne?
1. Eat probiotics
“As a first line of defense, I tell my patients to try to incorporate foods and drinks that are naturally rich in probiotics, like yoghurt, kombucha, sauerkraut and miso soup,” advises Dr Bowe.
Eat probiotic foods every day in order to see lasting benefits because they pass through your digestive system pretty quickly. And pair them with prebiotics (nondigestible carbs that feed the bacteria, like bananas, onions and garlic) for best results.
If you feel you're not getting enough probiotics through your diet, then Dr Bowe says a daily supplement is an effective option. “When you're choosing probiotic supplements, diversity of strains and delivery mechanism are both key,” says Dr Bowe.
Make sure that the label says there are at least 1 billion CFUs (colony-forming units), and check the strains listed. The more, the merrier! Dr Bowe says these particular strains have been shown to help with acne:
Lactobacillus paracasei
Enterococcus faecalis
Lactobacillus plantarum
Streptococcus salivarius
2. Use probiotic skincare products
Probiotic foods help your skin from the inside. Probiotic skincare, on the other hand, provides a protective shield from the outside, strengthening your skin barrier to keep your skin hydrated and prevent infection, breakouts and irritation.
Some topical probiotic skin care products contain live cultures to sustain skin's natural supply of bacteria, while some contain prebiotics. You can get a sense of what strains are in there by reading the ingredient label, although they're not always listed in the same way that they would be on a supplement label.
3. Avoid bad habits – and foster good ones
Certain skincare products and rituals disturb skin's good bacteria. “I tell my patients to throw away their loofahs and washcloths and toss all cleansers with the word ‘antibacterial,'” says Dr Bowe. Only use sanitiser when regular soap and water is not available (say, music festival porta potty), they say.
Other lifestyle factors that can help your good bacteria flourish include dialing down stress levels, sleeping well, exercising, taking time to relax and restore, and meditating, says Dr Bowe.
This article was originally published on www.womenshealthmag.com
Image credit: iStock
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018
Some Twitter users accused Carrey of shaming because of the unflattering portrait. Others were critical of their use of Christian. Some also claimed Carrey is part of the Illuminati, while others taunted the actor over their ex-girlfriend's suicide.
A spokesperson for Carrey confirms it is their painting. But they would not confirm it is Sanders.
Monday afternoon, Carrey tweeted another one of their paintings and wrote, “If you liked my last cartoon you may also enjoy… “THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST WING AND PUTIN'S FLYING MONKEYS”
If you liked my last cartoon you may also enjoy… “THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST WING AND PUTIN'S FLYING MONKEYS“ pic.twitter.com/slBG7j1s8d — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 19, 2018
The White House has not returned a message seeking comment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mario Kart is proving so popular with gamers it will soon be available on the move - as a phone app.
The game was launched way back in 1992 but is loved by millions. Its makers Nintendo has been developing the technology for an app called Mario Kart Tour.
The firm chose Twitter to announce the exciting news.
It said: “The checkered flag has been raised and the finish line is near. A new mobile application is now in development: Mario Kart Tour!”
The Mirror reports that the app is set to be released in the fiscal year ending in March 2019 - meaning it could launch anytime between April 2018 and March 2019.
Nintendo hasn't released any further details on what the game will entail.
(Image: Nintendo)
Since 2015, Nintendo has been moving to developed smartphone versions of several games.
To date, Nintendo has released Super Mario Run, Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp, and Fire Emblem Heroes.
The Nintendo Switch games console outsold its predecessor the Wii just 10 months after it was launched.
BROWNSBURG, Ind. (WISH) – A typical trip to the grocery store became worthy of worldwide attention, surprisingly for a central Indiana woman and their family.
Jess Wolfe of Brownsburg was shopping at Aldi with their four children when at the end of their trip a fellow shopper and mother approached.
Wolfe credits their crew for being well behaved but admits an outing of five can be chaotic and noisy.
The woman asked Wolfe for their phone and proceeded to take a picture of the five of them.
The stranger turned photographer explained to Wolfe that they wished they had photos of them doing the everyday tasks with their kids. Wolfe shared the encounter on Facebook for their personal friends and family.
“She validated the fact that a simple grocery trip is hard. They told me that what I do matters. They don't miss what made the days hard, but they miss what made them sweet,” Wolfe wrote in a post that has now been shared around the world.
Wolfe sat down with 24-Hour News 8 a week after the post started going viral.
“Her words resonated with me,” Wolfe said. “A grocery trip is totally normal but it's meaningful.”
Tens of thousands of shares, likes, comments and news articles later, Wolfe has been overwhelmed by the response.
“Motherhood is not glamorous at all. It's not, but it's pretty cool. We get a lot done while pouring our lives into our kids and while having them in tow. We get a lot done as women while investing in lives and I think it was a good reminder of that,” Wolfe said.
Wolfe started a public page on Facebook to use the garnered attention to encourage other parents who might relate to their daily experiences.
—
THE marriage equality movement in Australia has found a perhaps unlikely ally in 90s cartoon icon Captain Planet.
A post on the Captain Planet Facebook page reads: “Without heart, there would be no Captain Planet! Australia, you have only 14 days to make sure you are enrolled to vote for the postal vote on same-sex marriage. THE POWER IS YOURS!”
Captain Planet has been off the air for more than 20 years, but is remembered fondly by 90s kids and has over half a million Facebook fans.
The show dealt with serious social issues, including HIV in one episode guest-starring Neil Patrick Harris.
The call to vote for marriage equality received mixed reactions from fans, with some saying the page should “stick to the environment”.
Others thanked the page for its support, using the hashtag #HeartNotHate.
“I feel like Captain Planet would do an episode on this if it was airing today,” wrote one fan.
The marriage equality plebiscite has been challenged in the High Court, with experts saying it could be blocked.
If it goes ahead, ballot papers will be mailed in early September.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
Buy Photo Jay coach Melvin Kersey (center) shown in 2016 picture day, led Jay to its first win against Northview Friday since 2004. (Photo: Bill Vilona/bvilona@pnj.com)Buy Photo
After more than a decade, the Jay Royals football team had cause for celebration Friday night.
James Eddings rushed for 250 yards and five touchdowns as Jay beat rival Northview 49-18 at Royal Stadium. The band, cheerleaders, students and parents all joined on the field after the game to bask in Jay's first win against Northview since 2004.
"It has been a long time," said Jay coach Melvin Kersey, who played for the Royals when the rivalry was not as one-sided. "It is a great feeling and it's great to get the monkey off our back.
"I am just real proud of our kids. They played their tails off."
The Royals other touchdowns were on a pass reception by Brandon Moye (28 yards) and Steve Brown's 45-yard run. Eric Godfrey converted all but one extra point.
"We feel we are moving in the right direction," said Kersey, whose team battled defending Class 1A state champion Baker in a four-quarter fight last week on the road. "We have played some good teams and these kids are believing in themselves."
Eddings rushing performance continued what he's done all season.
"He just runs with a passion that you admire," Kersey said. "He's put this offense on their back and is having a fantastic season."
Gulf Breeze 31, Fort Walton Beach 23 — Quarterback Dylon Kelley and receiver Spencer Segal connected on three touchdown passes as Gulf Breeze (5-1, 1-0) opened a 17-point lead, then held on to beat Fort Walton Beach High.
The Vikings rallied behind their home crowd to pull within eight points on a touchdown (missed extra point), then a field goal with 4:07 left in the game.
Gulf Breeze sealed its road win with an interception late in the fourth quarter. The Dolphins opened a 31-14 lead after Spencer Wirth connected on a 27-yard field goal with 3:36 left.
After Tyler Dittmer scored the game's first touchdown on a 49-yard run in the first quarter. The Dolphins scored 14 points in the final 40 seconds of the first half.
In other games, Crestview beat Milton 40-10 for a road win to continue the Bulldogs rise and state power Madison County, Nol 1 ranked in its classification, rolled over visiting Catholic 45-6.
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and their beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser, Apollo in the Hamptons, which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City.
Related: J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘LOVE' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys, Jon Bon Jovi, Jamie Foxx, Matt Lauer, Howard Stern, Priyanka Chopra, Chris Rock, Christie Brinkley, Robert Downey Jr., among others.
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for their hits including “SexyBack,” “Rock Your Body,” and “My Love,” reports Entertainment Tonight.
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event. “Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it!,” they captioned a photo on Instagram.
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York. The couple shared a recent “Sunday Funday” while posing with some of the city's iconic artwork, including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana.
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it! #Hamptons (📸: @kevinmazur) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A third man is due to appear in court charged with the murder of a West Bromwich man.
Carl Campbell, 33, was shot as they sat in their car on West Bromwich High Street, on December 27.
Jaspal Rai, 24, has been charged with this murder and will appear before Dudley Magistrates Court today.
Rai, previously from West Bromwich but currently of no fixed abode, was detained in Belgium under a European Arrest Warrant on January 9 before being extradited back to the UK.
Rai is the third person to be charged in connection with Campbell's murder.
Two other men, 19-year-old Mohammed Humza and 24-year-old Vikesh Chauhan, both from the West Bromwich area, were previously charged with the murder on 29 December.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Walsall 1 MK Dons 0
Skybet League One
STOKE City loanee Julien Ngoy scored just four minutes into their Walsall debut to hand the Saddlers a priceless victory over relegation rivals MK Dons.
Ngoy fired home a neat near-post 70-minute finish just four minutes after coming on to settle a nervy clash and move Walsall up to 16 place, four points clear of the drop zone.
The Saddlers were just about worth their victory against a drab Dons side who only forced Liam Roberts into one save, the Walsall keeper denying Ed Upson just after Ngoy's opener.
Ngoy could have had a second late on but it mattered little as the Saddlers pulled clear of trouble.
Walsall made just one change from their 3-1 midweek defeat at high-flying Blackburn Rovers as Kory Roberts made way for deadline day loan signing Jack Fitzwater, of West Bromwich Albion, at centre-back.
Of Walsall's two other deadline day loan captures, young Stoke striker Julien Ngoy was among the substitutes but Arsenal centre-back Krystian Bielik is still in the final stages of recovering from injury.
Fellow strugglers MK were looking for a first win under new manager Dan Micciche and came into the game in even worse form than Walsall, with just one victory in their previous 12 league games.
They made two changes from the side that crashed out of the FA Cup at home to League Two side Coventry Cities a week earlier than Conor McGrandles and Blackburn loanee Elliott Ward came in for Ike Ugbo and Ousseynou Cisse.
Walsall made a bright start as Joe Edwards tested Dons keeper Lee Nicholls low down from 25 yards inside the opening minute.
A minute later, Amadou Bakayoko pounced on a Dons defensive slip but blazed over from 20 yards and, a minute after that, an Erhun Oztumer run ended with the playmaker dragging a shot wide from just outside the box.
It was all Walsall and, 15 minutes in, they might have had a penalty as skipper Adam Chambers got behind Alex Gilbey to collect Oztumer's through ball and seemed to be bundled over by the Dons man, but nothing was given.
Bakayoko collected a drilled Chambers pass and lashed a volley wide in one movement but Walsall's bright start petered out as the game became a scrappy and cagey affair.
There was not another real chance until four minutes before the break when Edwards surged down the left and their cross picked Oztumer but their header flashed wide from around 12 yards.
MK finally threatened eight minutes into the second half as a patient move ended with Marcus Tavernier finding space 20 yards out but their low strike across goal drifted just wide.
Dons were clearly growing in confidence at this stage, having gotten away with an awful first half, and substitute Robbie Muirhead lashed wide from 25 yards after a powerful run.
Just before the hour mark, Kieran Agard came closest yet for the visitors, curling inches wide from just inside the box with Saddlers keeper Liam Roberts scrambling across their goal.
That let-off sparked a Walsall improvement and they should have been ahead two minutes later as a blocked Edwards shot fell to Bakayoko in the six-yard box but they skied the golden chance over the bar.
Back came MK and, as Walsall failed to clear a deep cross, Muirhead's acrobatic effort, with their back to goal looked to be creeping in until Jon Guthrie cleared from in front of their own goal.
But Walsall boss Jon Whitney rolled the dice, bringing on loanees Ngoy and Justin Shaibu for Bakayoko and Oztumer, whose withdrawal was met by loud jeers from fans.
Ngoy soon repaid that faith, cutting in from the by-line and unleashing a low shot from around 12 yards that beat Nicholls at their near post.
Dons' best chance of equalising came soon after as a ball fell to Upson around ten yards out but their shot was foiled by a fine reaction save from Roberts.
The visitors continued to huff and puff but it was Walsall who had the best late opportunity, Shaibu's run setting up Ngoy 12 yards out but their shot on the turn went wide.
Walsall (4-1-4-1): L Roberts, Kinsella, Fitzwater, Guthrie, Leahy, Chambers, Morris, Oztumer (Ngoy 66), Dobson, Edwards, Bakayoko (Shaibu 66).
Subs not used: Gillespie, K Roberts, Flanagan, Cuvelier, Kouhyar.
MK Dons (4-2-3-1): Nicholls, Williams, Wootton, Ward, Lewington, Upson, Gilbey, Sow, McGrandles (Ugbo 73), Tavernier, Agard.
Subs not used: Sietsma, Tymon, Ebanks-Landell, Brittain, Cisse, Muirhead.
Saddlers star man: Joe Edwards.
Offset is thankful for their wife Cardi B's superstardom after they got them out of ticket.
Late Monday morning, the Migos MC tweeted, “Just got let go on a pull over for a FaceTime pic with my wife (SHES THE BEST).”
They added, “When God shows you no bitch compares.”
W H E N G O D S H O W S Y O U
N O B I T C H C O M P A R E S !!!!!!!
Just got let go on a pull over for a FaceTime pic with my wife (SHES THE BEST) — OFFSET (@OffsetYRN) July 2, 2018
Ride Or Die: Cardi B FaceTimed Cop To Get Offset Out Of A Ticket was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
A newly-launched handbag and accessories fashion brand changes the tide with a call to the chic-minded in search of affordable luxury goods delivered to their doorsteps.
Hong Kong (PRUnderground) March 19th, 2018
Launched with a promise to make high-fashion doable, there's a new kid on the block just rebellious enough to deliver. Offering a forever altered status quo, Lánxn has combined elegant design with upscale materials to compose what has not been seen before – true luxury handbags at affordable price points. Starting a fashion revolution for women who are strong and independent, the fashion brand says a thing or two about chic workability. And why not? This is an age where a “stay true to yourself” tact can inspire a handbag line that embraces both practicality and luxury. Lavish affordable handbag, anyone?
Hinson Lai, Founder and CEO of Lánxn, said of the launch, “Our luxury handbags are on par with those sold under the most revered names in fashion. But, instead of selling our bags with the traditional 6 to 13 times markup to make a profit after retailers take their cut, Lánxn goes a different route. We keep our products true to cost with only a 2 to 2.5 times markup and go direct to consumer. It's completely unnecessary to do it any other way. Now, most anyone can own a genuine piece of luxury.”
And genuine it is. The product line includes hand-crafted clutches, totes, shoulder bags, minis, crossbody bags, and wallets made from the finest materials at market. Some are constructed from German fine grain calf leather using high-quality rawhides sourced from European cattle farms. Other bags have been crafted using tanning methods first established in Toscana, Italy in 1946. To give a pebbled look, still others are made from natural shrunken calf leather tanned just west of Florence.
Holistic in its approach, Lánxn is a vertically integrated fashion brand that makes all their products in-house. Each piece is made by hand from start to finish and can, therefore, only be made in limited quantities. Thus, this careful process yields leather accessories that carry a lifetime warranty.
For more information visit http://www.lanxn.com.
Social Media:
https://www.instagram.com/lanxnofficial
About Lánxn
Lánxn is a luxury brand that offers the finest leather handbags and small accessories at a revolutionary price.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Keystone College students had the opportunity to present their best academic work during the 2018 Spring Undergraduate Research and Creativity Celebration held recently in the Theatre In Brooks.
The forum featured more than 165 exhibits highlighting year-long faculty-mentored research, creative works and senior capstone projects. The academic work, representing Keystone's School of Arts and Sciences and School of Professional Studies, included research in science, technology, art, business, communications and education.
Several Keystone students were awarded special honors. Artwork by Keystone students Trista Carpenter of West Abington Township and Jessica Maietta of Dalton, was selected for use in the program booklet.
From left: Ward Roe, dean of the Turock School of Arts and Sciences; Dr. Vicki Stanavitch, faculty member and forum coordinator; students Gwenddolen Kettenburg, Alexandra Rizzuto and Melanie Rosato; Dr. Tracy L. Brundage, provost and vice president for academic affairs and Dr. Fran Langan, dean of professional studies.
So-called “Bad Vegan” Sarma Melngailis was freed from Rikers Island Friday after completing a four-month jail sentence on fraud and grand-larceny charges.
The former owner of celeb-fave Gramercy Park “raw vegan” restaurant Pure Food and Wine will now serve five years' probation.
see also 'Vegan Bernie Madoff' is headed to Rikers The celeb vegan restaurateur whose year on the run with...
They must also pay $1 million restitution for admittedly stiffing investors, their employees and state tax officials.
Melngailis got earned the moniker “Bad Vegan” after cops caught them and Strangis by tracing a call the two made while on the lam — to Domino's Pizza.
They have insisted the pizza was being ordered by Strangis, who pleaded guilty to the plot in March, and whom they are divorcing.
Melngailis was hardly beef-free after they left court with their father, John.
They blamed their criminal woes on their gambling-addicted, co-defendant husband, Anthony Strangis.
“Why would I destroy what I cared about more than anything else?” they told The Post in an email.
“And hurt others? It doesn't make any sense. There was a larger purpose behind the brand and business. I'm devastated by what happened.”
Prosecutors had hoped she'd spend 1-3 years in prison, but in ordering the cuffs off Melngailis Brooklyn Supreme Court Justice Danny Chun said “many, many things” factored into the wrist-slap sentence.
“She was abused by the co-defendant,” they said. Plus there were “many, many” letters written on their behalf, they admitted their guilt, and this was their first offense, the judge noted.
“She is done with this and it's time to move on,” said their lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman.
Cal Poly's Kappa Delta chapter of Delta Tau Delta, which had previously been on probation for violating university policy on hazing, party registration and drugs and alcohol, has now been dissolved, according to a Jan. 21 post on the group's Facebook page.
“This decision was made by the members of the chapter following a membership review the past Sunday in which we felt that our national organization showed a pattern of unfair and disrespectful behavior toward our members,” according to the post.
The fraternity remains listed on Cal Poly's fraternity and sorority directory but has been removed from the dean of students' “Judicial Information” page, which lists all Greek organizations currently under sanction.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Mustang News, which first reported the fraternity's self-termination, wrote that in spring of 2017, the national Delta Tau Delta organization removed a member of the Cal Poly chapter who had been accused of at least seven sexual assaults.
The national organization then conducted an individual membership review starting on Jan. 12, which saw the membership cut from 65 members to about 15, according to Mustang News.
Officials said a fire burning at the Clark County Wetlands Park is 60-percent contained.
On Friday, the Bureau of Land Management said the fire burned 40-acres. Full containment is expected later in the day.
The fire started at about 5:30 p.m. Thursday about a half mile northeast of Duck Creek Trailhead, officials said. The fire was human-caused and has not spread to private property.
Twenty-two firefighters, four engines and one water tender from the Bureau of Land Management, Clark County, and U.S. Forest Service were on site battling the fire, officials said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Region of Waterloo invites resident to participate in an on-line survey about waste curbside collection services.
Last year, significant changes were made to curbside collection services, the biggest of which was every second week garbage collection.
Residents are invited to share their thoughts about the curbside waste collection services, including how well they were prepared for the changes, as well as their current satisfaction with the curbside collection services.
The online survey, on the Region of Waterloo's website until July 13, takes about 10 minutes to complete.
All responses are confidential and personal information will be removed from responses. Data that is collected in this survey will be used for planning purposes and results will be reported to Waterloo Region council. Responses will be collected together and reported as averages, themes or trends. Only one staff member at the region will have access to the raw data.
For questions about this survey, please contact Cari Rastas Howard by email at choward@regionofwaterloo.ca or by phone at 519-575-4757 x8412. If you require an alternate format, please call the Region at 519-575-4400 or TTY 519-575-4608 to reach a staff member 24 hours per day, seven days per week.
If you have any questions about waste collection services in general, please visit our website at www.regionofwaterloo.ca/waste, or call our 24-hour Customer Service at 519-575-4400.
FILE - This Monday, May 15, 2017, file photo shows British IT expert Marcus Hutchins, branded a hero for slowing down the WannaCry global cyberattack, during an interview in Ilfracombe, England. Prosecutors have charged Hutchins and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Hutchins could enter a plea during a hearing Monday, Aug. 14, in Wisconsin federal court. Frank Augstein, File AP Photo
Activist investor Elliott Management said on Monday that NXP Semiconductors is worth $135 per share on an intrinsic standalone basis, more than the $110 Qualcomm has offered to buy the company.
The hedge fund run by billionaire Paul Singer, which has a stake of about 6 percent in NXP, told fellow shareholders in a letter that Qualcomm's offer, made in October 2016, was acting as a ceiling on NXP's valuation.
Elliott on Aug. 4 disclosed its stake in NXP and indicated it was pushing for a higher price than Qualcomm's $38 billion all-cash offer.
Since then, NXP's shares have been trading above Qualcomm's offer price. However, the spread has tightened in the past month.
Elliott said in August that NXP's shares were significantly undervalued and the New York-based fund said on Monday Qualcomm's offer had taken advantage of NXP's depressed stock price.
“We believe NXP's prospects are bright. Approximately half of NXP's revenue is exposed to exciting growth engines of the semiconductor market – automotive and industrial,” Elliott said in its letter to shareholders.
Elliott said it has retained UBS Investment Bank to perform a financial analysis with respect to NXP and would shortly share the report with other shareholders.
Since it offered to buy NXP, Qualcomm itself has been the target of an acquisition approach from Broadcom, but it rejected the $103 billion offer last month.
Broadcom had indicated it was willing to acquire Qualcomm irrespective of whether it closes the NXP deal.
Shares of NXP were up nearly 1 percent at $116.30 in premarket trading, while Qualcomm's shares were trading down marginally at $64.02.
Appoaching the Christmas holiday season, FedEx Corp. (NYSE: FDX) has announced it will not apply residential holiday season surcharges on regular sized shipments.
Big Changes in FedEx Holiday Surcharges in 2017
“To support our millions of loyal small business customers and consumers shipping holiday gifts at FedEx Office and FedEx Onsite locations, FedEx will not apply holiday season surcharges except for packages that are oversized, unauthorized or require additional handling,” said Patrick Fitzgerald, senior vice president of Integrated Marketing and Communications at FedEx, in a press release.
If you ship packages requiring additional handling, however, be prepared to face an increase to some surcharges for FedEx Express and FedEx Ground shipments during the holiday shipping season. The same will be the case with oversized or unauthorized packages — as Fitzpatrick explained. These surcharges include a $3 per package increase for additional handling, $300 per package increase for ground unauthorized packages and $25 per package increase for oversize packages.
“These packages consume an inordinate amount of cubic space in FedEx Ground and FedEx Express equipment in the U.S. and Canada,” Fitzgerald added.
The surcharge increases will take effect November 20 to December 24, 2017 but will apply only for packages fitting into the special categories specifically mentioned in the company's release.
UPS Adding Surcharges on U.S. Residential Packages
FedEx's main rival United Parcel Service Inc. (NYSE: UPS) said in June it will levy surcharges on U.S. residential packages during the peak holiday season this year. The company also said it will marginally increase surcharges on packages that are larger, heavier, or have unconventional shapes during selected weeks in November and December 2017 as it seeks to combat spiraling costs of delivering eCommerce packages.
It would seem the move by FedEx not to levy residential holiday season surcharges on regular sized shipments is a competitive one. And small business shippers will doubtless welcome the move.
FedEx Photo via Shutterstock
Check out our Business Gift Giving Guide for more tips about holiday trends.
CAIRO - An Egyptian military court Tuesday sentenced a former anti-corruption chief, Hisham Geneina, to five years in jail after they said a presidential candidate had secret documents allegedly damaging to the army, their lawyer said.
"The verdict is five years, and we're doing the appeal (procedure) now," lawyer Ali Taha said.
The military detained Geneina in February accusing them of "spreading news that harms the armed forces" following an interview they gave to Huffpost Arabi, the Arabic version of the US news site.
Taha said they were convicted on the same charge.
Geneina had been a top campaign aide to General Sami Anan, a former armed forces chief of staff whom the military also detained after they announced they would stand in last month's presidential election against Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who swept to victory for a second term.
Geneina had said Anan allegedly possessed documents on "political events and crises that Egyptian society has passed through" since the 2011 uprising which toppled veteran strongman Hosni Mubarak.
They said the documents were being held at a "secure" location abroad and could be released if Anan was harmed.
Moataz Wadnan, the journalist who conducted the interview, was also arrested.
Geneina, a qualified judge, was sacked by Sisi as head of the Central Auditing Authority in 2016 after they were accused of exaggerating the cost of corruption in Egypt.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Popular bar chain Revolution has revealed it has set its sights on opening a bar in Solihull.
The group, which became famous for the weird and wonderful range of vodkas on sale, is eyeing the former home of buffet restaurant Jimmy Spices, which closed down last year.
The bar will be inside a 1960s retail parade near to Premier Inn hotel and bars Turtle Bay, Flave Cocktail Lounge and The Flute and Flagon.
The venue will serve food, snacks and hot drinks alongside the main bar and will have outside seating.
The chain launched its first Revolution bar in Manchester in 1996 and now has more than 50 across the UK including in Birmingham's Broad Street, Stafford and across the East Midlands.
"I'm not saying that they're wrong to do this but I don't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we're already getting because we still own a chunk of it."
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015, and by December 2017, the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake.
The government said the privatization would raise $9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects, but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties, but also the province's financial watchdog, who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $1.8 billion.
Faced with growing public anger, the Liberals offered province-wide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases, which in the long run will end up costing more.
The Liberals, who polls suggest are stuck in third place — way behind the NDP and the Tories — have said Horwath's hydro plan would use over $6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care, education, and transit investments, being used to buy back shares of Hydro One.
University of Waterloo professor Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again.
"To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question," they said in an interview.
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair, Nathwani added.
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system that the provincial economy relies upon, added Adam Fremeth, associate professor of business, economics and public policy at Western University.
There's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held, publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders, they added. Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized, said Fremeth.
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control, which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement, said Nathwani.
"That's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital."
— Follow @RossMarowits on Twitter.
Companies in this story: (TSX:H)
By Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tenpin bowling in Derby has undergone a full refurbishment program which saw £270,000 spent on the leisure venue.
The investment included installing new flat screens above the bowling lanes to show scores and music videos, along with state-of-the-art bowling machines for increased reliability.
New bowling balls have been bought for the alleys and the entire area has been redecorated and re-carpeted.
The finished centre, located in Foresters Leisure Park in Osmaston Park Road, is now open to the public.
General manager Donna Walsh said: “We're incredibly excited about the transformation that has taken place and we know the whole bowling experience has been developed and enhanced.
“The new ten pin bowling machines have improved the lane reliability and the pins reset at a quicker pace too, so there is less time waiting around for the ball to return and very few breakdowns compared to the older equipment.
(Image: Richard Southall)
“The whole building feels fresh, clean and just like new. There's something for every member of the family and the free car park means that we are easily accessible too.”
The business has also fully refurbished the adjoining laser game Sector 7 area for families to enjoy.
New pool tables, table tennis tables and arcade games have been installed in the centre's amusement and video area, including the latest industry games such as Jurassic Park and old favourites as well.
And, of course, classic crane games with cuddly prizes are a staple for arcades.
(Image: Richard Southall)
Ms Walsh added: “Bowling is unique in that everyone can play the game and if you are struggling to get a high score you can always ask a member of staff to raise the bumpers either side of the lane to ensure your ball strikes the pins every time.
“And remember, you can wear your own shoes these days. We have made Tenpin Derby a real family fun day out with lots of things to do all under one roof.
“Lots of things have changed since the old bowling alley days, the refurbishment has brought us right update with the best technology and a wonderful new-look making Tenpin a real family attraction.”
To celebrate the new look the venue has organised a VIP launch night for specially invited guests and customers and is planning a family fun day later in the year.
The bowling centre, which was officially opened by Brian Clough in the late 1980s, was acquired by Tenpin in 2003 when the company was initially formed.
Tenpin belongs to the Ten Entertainment Group which is the second largest ten-pin bowling operator in the UK with a total of 42 sites all trading under the Tenpin brand.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Catch Ayiti Parle on Island TV every Wednesday at 8pm on Comcast Channel 578
MIAMI – Ayiti Parle is coming to a television screen near you at 8pm on Wednesday, December 13, 2017. Many have been hearing the buzz about a new show that is both informative and intriguing and the wait is finally over.
With its three hosts, Naomie Labaty, Angie Bell and Mia Lopez, Ayiti Parle is deemed to take Haitian television to a new dimension as the show focuses on a range of discussions through the lens of different perspectives and opinions.
“We wanted to really tap into something that has never been done before, a television show where taboos are boldly explored and global headlines are examined with a Haitian and feminine perspective. Whether it's controversial or intensely serious, Ayiti Parle tackles subject lines that will give a voice to the voiceless and empower people,” says host, Ms. Labaty.
As a new way to see young Haitian professionals from different backgrounds with the same love of culture, Ayiti Parle shares news, stories and experiences that will open the door to interesting conversation amongst the hosts, Les Manmzel, and special guests.
The show will talk about subjects from education to politics, sex to abuse music to entertainment and so much more.
“Ayiti Parle is a place where everyone is invited to share their ideas, projects and of course their thoughts. We want our table to serve as a meeting place for great minds that simply want to chit chat amongst friends while actually teaching the world something new,” shares Ms. Bell.
Airing at 8pm on Island TV Channel 578 on Comcast as of December 13, 2017, Ayiti Parle will unveil an incredible stage for visionaries to share everything Haitian and beyond.
“Naomie, Angie and I are so excited to let people into our world of friendship, discussions and fun. Ayiti Parle really has become a meeting of the minds for the three of us and when we add our guests, who are well versed in their domain, we are always in awe of how amazing our community truly is. We want to show the world that Haitians are not only diverse and eclectic, but we are also contributing to the progress all around us every day,” explains Mrs. Lopez.
Words to live by.
Today, August 15th, is my last official day employed by WHQR, though my last working day at the office was in late July (I'm on vacation right now). There are many things I will miss about WHQR, especially the people, but I am looking forward to retirement.
I had a wonderful send-off from listeners at the Spring Luncheon, and last month two great surprise parties put together by the staff and Board, so I won't belabor things now. But I do want to say for the record how appreciative I am to our generous (and good-looking) community of listeners, the wonderful WHQR staff, and supportive Board. Together, we've achieved great things for a great station.
I also want to wish the new manager, Michelle Rhinesmith, all the best as they start making WHQR even better. I'm truly grateful for the opportunity to have served here.
See you around the campus!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Grzegorz Krychowiak is beginning to showcase their abilities on a regular basis to West Brom fans.
By Tony Pulis' own admission, the Polish midfielder was a signing even the manager couldn't quite believe the club got over the line in the summer, such were Krychowiak's options.
After making their debut in the defeat down at Brighton (his first 90 minutes for club or country this calendar year) they have continued to grow into the English game.
While Krychowiak waits to taste victory for the first time in Albion colours, their influences on matches are becoming more apparent, none more so than in the 2-2 draw with Watford at the weekend.
The midfielder's inch perfect pass for Salomon Rondon's opener was the latest evidence that Krychowiak is a player who is quickly finding their creative feet in the unforgiving Premier League.
While their time on the pitch is looking increasingly cultured, you only have to scroll through their tweets to see that their life away from the football field is rather cultured too!
Upon moving to England, Krychowiak hasn't missed out on visiting the landmarks.
The 27-year-old has ticked off Oxford University and Legoland in Windsor, among others, already.
He's even had time to get back to Paris for the celebrated fashion week, too.
Keep up the good work, Greg - and keeping sending the social media postcards!
The National Union of Road Transport Workers, Lagos Chapter, on Tuesday advised its members not to panic over the proposed ban on operations of yellow commercial buses.
The state Chairman of the union, Mr. Tajudeen Agbede, on Tuesday said that the union was discussing the proposed ban with the government, adding that the union was ready to cooperate with the state government on its mega city project.
Lagos State Governor Akinwunmi Ambode had on February 6 announced a plan to stop operations of yellow commercial buses popularly known as ‘danfo' for a more efficient, well-structured and world-class mass transport system.
Ambode said that the well-structured transport system would ease movement within the state and make Lagos cleaner without burdening the people in terms of taxes.
They said, “We are still discussing with the government on the proposed ban on yellow buses, but we believe it is going to yield a positive result.
“The union is ready to comply with the conditions of making the state a mega city. We are ready to change the colour of our buses and also comply with the directive to follow the service lanes.”
According to him, the union members are also ready to refurbish their vehicles to attain mega city standards.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A judge has ruled that terminally ill Alfie Evans may be allowed home, but will not be allowed to go to Rome for further treatment.
Mr Justice Hayden described the 23-month-old at the centre of a life support battle as "courageous" and a "warrior", but said the case had now reached its "final chapter", they told a High Court hearing in Manchester.
They rejected claims by Alfie's father, Tom Evans, 21, that their son was "significantly better" than first thought because they had now been breathing unaided for 20 hours after doctors first withdrew life support on Monday night at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool.
Instead, the judge said the best Alfie's parents could hope for was to "explore" the options of removing them from intensive care either to a ward, a hospice or their home.
But a doctor treating Alfie, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said that for Alfie to be allowed home would require a "sea change" in attitude from the child's family, and they feared that in the "worst case" they would try to take the boy abroad.
(Image: PA)
Mr Justice Hayden ruled out their family's wishes to take the child to the Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome, following interventions from the Pope and the Italian authorities.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life or death treatment battle, with their parents, Mr Evans and Kate James, trying to block doctors from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" in which the Italian Ambassador granted Alfie citizenship of Italy in order to take them to Rome for treatment failed on Monday.
And a late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed their earlier decision permitting life support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
During another three-hour hearing on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court sitting in Manchester, Paul Diamond, from the Christian Legal Centre representing the parents, suggested the alleged change in the position meant the court should reconsider its decision on allowing Alfie to travel abroad.
They handed the court a witness statement from Mr Evans in which they suggested their son's health was "significantly better" than first thought since life support was withdrawn at 9.17pm last night, as they were continuing to live and breathe.
But Mr Justice Hayden said in their ruling: "The sad truth is that it is not.
"With little, indeed no hesitation, I reject that.
"The brain cannot regenerate itself and there is virtually nothing of their brain left.
"There is, in truth, with great respect to the efforts of Mr Diamond, no substance to this application, which represents, at least within the court process, the final chapter in the case of this extraordinary little boy."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Instead the judge said Alfie's continued life was a "shaft of light" and a "special opportunity" for their parent to spend time with them - not the time for more legal manoeuvres.
And they criticised the "malign hand" of one of the family's advisers, law student Pavel Stroilov, who had, the court heard, been party to Mr Evans lodging a private prosecution of Alder Hey Hospital doctors, allegedly for murder.
The judge said, in fact, the hospital had provided "world class" care for the child.
The hospital's doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
Medics say they have a degenerative neurological condition destroying their brain, and it is in their best interests to withdraw life support.
But their parents have fought a long battle to ask the courts to allow them to take them abroad.
The dispute ended up in the courts, but the family have already lost a series of appeals in the High Court, Court of Appeal, Supreme Court and European Court of Human Rights.
Alfie was born on May 9 2016, but suffered seizures and was taken to hospital in December that year.
 They are currently being hydrated and given oxygen to stop them becoming distressed, the court heard.
× Pres. Trump calls out violence by KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists, calling them ‘criminals and thugs'
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Monday that “racism is evil” as they condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
They spoke in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name.
“You will be held accountable. Justice will be delivered,” they said to the people who broke the law over the weekend.
“No matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws,” they said. “Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs including the KKK,Neo Nazis, white supremacists.”
Listen to their statement below:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than six inches of snow hit Birmingham this weekend, leaving the city at a standstill.
The white stuff arrived in the early hours of Sunday around 3am, and it carried on throughout the day, blanketing the city.
The Met Office 's amber warning for snow-hit Birmingham turned into a yellow one on Monday, which extended to 11am on Tuesday.
Temperatures fell to as low as -6C overnight, but felt as low as -9C with the bitter winds blowing in.
But with rain expected later today which could melt the snow away, the Met Office is set to lift the Yellow Weather Warning at 11am.
(Image: Graham Young)
Come Tuesday night and Wednesday morning there will be rain arriving, along with milder highs of three or four degrees on Wednesday, so any remaining snowfall should turn to slush by midweek.
The decision comes after 96 hours of snow chaos, with brought gridlock to the city and the West Midlands.
The first flurries fell on Friday, but Birmingham and the region woke to a complete whiteout on Sunday.
The heavy snow saw most schools shut across the city and West Midlands on Monday, with many expected to remain closed today.
Buses were also cancelled across the region on Sunday, although some resumed on Monday.
(Image: Audrius Grubliauskas)
Birmingham Airport flights were suspended on Sunday and delays are expected to continue today. Car parks are still snowbound and passengers are being urged to allow extra time.
Today will be a freezing start, with temperatures remaining as low as -6C until 9am when the thermometer will creep just above zero.
The keen eye of a Fresno County Sheriff's deputy may have led to a break in the search for a missing couple in Sequoia National Park.
Yinan Wang, 31, and their wife Jie Song, 30, were last seen about 2 p.m. Aug. 6 at the junction of Crystal Cave Road and the Generals Highway. They were scheduled to stay a night in Fresno before going to Yosemite and then back home to San Diego on Aug. 9.
The deputy was watching local television coverage Aug. 8 of the attempted recovery of a red car in the Kings River off Highway 180 near Convict Flat that was driven by two Thai college students. In the video, the deputy saw a California license plate in the brush that read 6XMM431. The deputy knew the plate didn't belong to the Thai students' rental car, and a records check showed it belonged to a 2012 Ford Focus.
Wang and Song were last seen driving a 2012 white Ford Focus with the same license plate.
On Saturday, the sheriff's office and California Highway Patrol both flew helicopters above the canyon where the red car remains in the river to see if there were any signs of a white car. They found some vehicle parts in the river about 40 yards upstream from the red car, but at this point deputies are unable to determine if the parts belong to the white Ford Focus.
No bodies have been found.
Deputies are now working a parallel investigation involving the Ford Focus as they continue efforts to develop a plan to recover the red car belonging to the Thai students.
National Parks Service rangers will also continue to search for Wang and Song.
Anyone with information regarding Wang and Song or their car is asked to contact the Sheriff's Office at 559-600-3111.
Starr Rhett Rocque
Tonight's episode of Real Housewives of Atlanta picks up in San Francisco from when NeNe and Porsha were having a verbal sparring match over dinner. It gets so bad that NeNe makes Porsha cry. You know Nene goes as low as possible, and of course, they bring up the Kandi incident again. Marlo whisks NeNe away and the other women, except for Sheree, follow. Sheree stays behind to comfort Porsha, who really has no other allies in the group at this point. It's due to Kandi-gate, but also because the other women generally feel like Porsha never owns up to them ish. That point seems true when Porsha starts telling Sheree that they feel like they're bullying them and that they're coming at them “for being Porsha.”
via GIPHY
This isn't going to get resolved anytime soon.
The next day, the group got together to go on an excursion. Porsha shows up, but NeNe decides to channel Cardi B's line, “If I see you and I don't speak that mean I don't f–k with you,” and keeps it moving. Kandi also keeps their distance, as usual.
On the bus on the way to their excursion, Kenya gets sad because she's reminded that they have to leave early to go bury their grandmother. Then Porsha gets emotional and walks away in tears. Porsha claims that they recently lost their uncle and is triggered by Kenya's loss. They really wishes these group of women did actually support each other. Cynthia follows Porsha and offers some words of comfort. Basically, Cynthia and Sheree seem to think there's hope that NeNe and Porsha can at least be cool again.
The ladies split up and NeNe is with Kenya, Kandi, and Cynthia, spilling tea about Sheree's #PrisonBae. According to NeNe, the man is a con artist. Not really a shocker given that he's in jail.
via GIPHY
Meanwhile, Marlo, who is with Porsha and Sheree, gets the bright idea to set up a surprise wedding for Kenya to cheer them up. Fast forward to the wedding. The gang's all here, except for Kenya, and they have a cardboard cutout of a man's shadow, with a question mark on its face.
Lordt.
via GIPHY
All of this sounds like it's about to be a hot mess, but Kenya actually finds it funny and plays along.
The episode winds down with the group at a wine vineyard with some frisky married man flirting with them like they have no sense. The group stomps some grapes and ends up at dinner. It starts off well, with a toast to Kandi for their Essence cover. Kenya has left by this point, so this is the perfect time for them to gossip about them Basically, Kenya's marriage situation bothers them because they haven't met their husband yet. Marlo is the main offender making shady comments, and eventually wanting to play a game where they raise their hands if they really think Kenya is married. Cynthia gets so upset that they walk out because she's not trying to hear it.
NeNe goes to chat with Cynthia, who is off crying. Cynthia just wants them to leave Kenya alone and NeNe talks them off a ledge, and then in a twist of things, makes them realize that they actually also feels some type of way that Kenya is supposed to be their friend, but didn't invite them to the wedding.
So…looks like this season is going to be about everyone constantly harping on Kenya's mystery man and the wedding they weren't invited to.
RELATED POSTS
‘RHOAS10' Recap: NeNe And Porsha Take The Wheel For The Next Verbal Sparring Match
‘RHOAS10' Recap: Kim Zolciak Pops Off On Kenya At NeNe's All White Party
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Drexel House 2, a 50-unit apartment building for veterans in Olympia, is an example of the type of housing that could be built if voters pass the Home Fund measure on Feb. 13. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anothony Joshua is thought to have earned close to £30 million already from their boxing career - after just 19 fights.
And that will go up to £43 million when they face New Zealander Joseph Parker on March 31 at the O2 Arena.
They were thought to have doubled that by pocketing another £15 million thanks to their victory over Carlos Takam in Cardiff.
Joseph Parker is up next for Joshua - as they are expected to pocket £13 million of the £20 million proceeds.
Concerns persist that such a step up in quality may have come too soon in Joshua's career - but legendary heavyweight Lennox Lewis has faith in their ability.
"Can they be an all-time great?" asked Lewis, 51. "Yes. Yes.
"He can do anything they want."
(Image: PA)
Long before they became heavyweight champion of the world, fighting led them down a darker path, the Mirror reports.
As a teenage tearaway, they were regularly caught scrapping in the street in their home town of Watford, Herts.
They once ended up behind bars, and twice avoided long jail terms. But their misspent youth is a far cry from their life now.
And against Klitchko at Wembley on April 29, they secured themselves as one of Britain's top sportspeople.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Joshua themselves admitted: “But for boxing, I would be behind bars.”
A glance at their family photo album confirms they are a born fighter.
One of their mum Yeta's favourite pictures shows them as a baby with their fists up, guarding their chin like a champion.
But Yeta said: “As a kid they were a very quiet boy and even today I see them as being very gentle.”
Joshua, now 27, had their first run-in with the police at age 16. At that time, they were a promising footballer and athlete who could run 100 metres in less than 11 seconds.
But a clash during a school football match saw them charged with actual bodily harm.
They recalled: “This guy was trying to wind me up. I got them round the neck and threw them over my shoulder.
"I didn't know my own strength and they didn't land too well. It went to court. Luckily, they gave me a slap across the wrist.”
Joshua may have escaped jail that time, but they were still heading for trouble.
They moved out of them mum's flat into a hostel and was hanging around with groups who regularly engaged in street fights.
In 2009, they found themselves on remand for two weeks in Reading prison.
The boxer said: “There are idiots inside and this is when you realise what you are dealing with. It could have been 10 years. I would still be there right now.”
It was the wake-up call they needed. Electronically tagged for 14 months and hit with a curfew, Joshua moved back in with their mum and started a bricklaying course.
In 2007, aged 17, they finally found a legitimate outlet for their fighting instincts, when their cousin took them to a local boxing club.
Joshua was a natural and was selected for the British boxing squad. But, with the London 2012 Olympics on the horizon, they nearly threw it all away again.
In 2011, the 6'5” fighter was caught speeding while wearing their Team GB tracksuit.
Police found cannabis in their kitbag and they were charged them with possession.
But, yet again, they avoided jail.
(Image: Peter Byrne/PA Wire)
They were handed a 12-month suspended sentence and 100 hours of community service. Joshua said: “In a way I'm glad it happened, because it woke me up.
“It wasn't so much the actual charge that had the effect. It was all the grief from my friends, my family – especially my mum – and from boxing. “
Joshua was initially banned by GB boxing, but was recalled for the European Championships, where they reached the quarter finals, despite being short on practice.
They were then selected for the World Amateur Championships in Azerbaijan. Their mum, who had never been to one of their fights, stayed at home and watched on television.
Yeta said: “It was very nerve-racking. I kept covering my eyes with a towel. I was caught between wanting to watch and not wanting to see them get hurt. I was trembling.”
A year later, Joshua won gold at London 2012. It was the first time their mum saw them fight in the flesh.
They said: “For Josh to become an Olympic champion is an incredible achievement.
"He has always been able to dedicate themselves to whatever they wanted. I am very proud of what they have achieved.”
After their Olympic triumph, they shunned the spotlight in favour of a more humble life. They turned down £50,000 to turn professional straight away, preferring to bide their time.
(Image: Richard Heathcote/Getty Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When the money did start to roll in, they bought their mum's council flat in Golders Green, North London.
They still live there with their social worker mum, despite buying a £500,000 penthouse in nearby Finchley for yoga instructor Nicole Osbourne, the mother of their son, Joseph, who was born in October 2015.
When at training camp, they live off packed lunches of chicken, beef, pasta and boiled eggs in plastic boxes.
Joshua's promoter, Eddie Hearn, says: “Avoiding prison was a big turning point for Anthony. He's a bad guy trying to be good.
“Boxing has saved their lives. It's given them discipline, a focus for that huge physique.”
* Meanwhile, Anthony Joshua will be coming to Birmingham on Saturday, June 10, for a Q&A evening at the ICC .
Sky Sports Box Office will host this weekend's fight, which looks set to start around 10pm.
Happiness is what matters at the end of the day,” said Max Strom at a talk they held on the second day of the World Government Summit in Dubai.
Dubai: Most people go through their whole lives without understanding what makes them truly happy, a motivation speaker told an audience at the World Government Summit in Dubai.
So what's the answer? “I think it's a meaningful life,” said Max Strom, an author and teacher, on the summit's second day. ”In fact people who have meaning in their lives will gladly give up pleasure.”
“For example, often times people who work in charities are willing to buy their own plane ticket and spend their own money.”
The speaker said that humans have four main desires: to live, to be happy, to have knowledge and love.
“However, unfortunately society focuses more on success and pleasure,” they said.
According to Strom, many people live very unhappy lives. In the US, statistics show that around 25 to 30 per cent of the population take medications for depression, sleep dysfunction, and anxiety.
“While this might offer temporary relief, I have yet to meet anyone who wants to live on medication for the rest of their life.”
Men are more likely to suffer from emotional conditions “as they are taught to suppress their emotions from a young age.”
Simply breathe:
A cure, Strom said, is for society to teach children how to deal with emotions, especially grief.
And to help anxiety, depression and sleep disorders, do one thing: breathe.
“There are two types of breathing: subconscious and controlled. Controlled breathing helps treat the nervous system, which then treats emotion-based conditions.
In the US, breathing exercises proscribed to army veterans with post-traumatic stress had led to the army had led to “tremendous improvements.”
Taking at least 10 minutes per day to do breath-work “should be considered as the new component to a healthy lifestyle,” Strom said.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and Premier Li Keqiang, right, stand as Vice President Wang Qishan arrives at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in Beijing's Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
Shoplifting costs Canadian businesses billions of dollars, and no store is immune. Major retailers hit hard by the crime are fighting back using technology and techniques to catch thieves in the act.
In Part Two of a CTV News investigation, St. John Alexander visited a London Drugs loss prevention office in the Vancouver neighbourhood of Kitsilano.
Learn more about fencing operations in Part One of the investigation: Hidden cameras reveal shoplifting schemes preying on the vulnerable
Their Vine Street location has 49 high-tech cameras, able to zoom from wide-angle shots all the way in to the fine print on products.
"This camera system is actually very sophisticated. I like to think it's one of the best in the industry," loss prevention manager Dave Tor told CTV News.
The cameras allow those in the control room to monitor every corner of the store. Video can be scrutinized in the office or in London Drugs' central command centre.
"We're just looking for any type of suspicious behaviour," Tor said, demonstrating how the cameras work.
These kinds of monitors have captured shoplifters grabbing items like boxes of skin cream and nail polish.
Stephen O'Keefe, a theft prevention consultant with the Retail Council of Canada, says some camera systems are so savvy they can spot items missing from shelves and reveal who was the last person in the area.
"The CCTV system takes over and initiates the investigation," O'Keefe says.
Some systems are able to track so-called "wardrobe shoppers," those who buy items of clothing, wear them and return them the next day.
Thieves strike large stores approximately 15 to 20 times a day, and have a larger impact than some may realize.
O'Keefe said shoplifting was one of the reasons Canadian department store chain Eaton's folded.
London Drugs has its own crime department, a loss prevention army of almost 100 people. While staff members monitor video feeds from back offices, some stores also use security guards posing as customers to keep an eye out on the floor.
They're trained to watch for signals and indicators of crime, but it's tricky work when thieves range from children to the elderly.
Other staff members are taught the concept of aggressive hospitality, greeting and helping as many customers as possible.
"Bad guys want to be anonymous. They don't want anybody to notice that they're there," said Tony Hunt, London Drugs' loss prevention general manager.
But even with measures in place at most stores to combat the shoplifting problem, Canadian retailers estimate that 13 million thefts go undetected each year.
The most likely items to be stolen are those that are easy to sell, like cosmetics, teeth whiteners, batteries and razors.
Many of these items are then purchased for 10 cents on the dollar, and resold on the streets, online, out of condos and basements suites or overseas.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's St. John Alexander
Port Harcourt— Shell Petroleum Development Company, SPDC, remitted $29.8 billion to the Federation Account and $1.2 billion to Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, between 2002 and 2016, the oil firm has said.
General Manager, External Relations, of SPDC, Mr Igo Weli, made the disclosure, yesterday, in Port Harcourt, Rivers State while reacting to the shut-down of SPDC flow station and gas plant in Belema community by youths.
The youths accused the company of neglecting them and marginalising their community.
Addressing newsmen, Weli said the seizure of the company's facilities by the youths will not only send wrong signal to the international community, but was capable of discouraging further investment in the Niger Delta.
They said: “People are having high expectations from SPDC, they forget the company is not government and does not have the resources to solve world hunger. SPDC has made several efforts to sensitise the people on how our business is run, so that their expectations can be realistic and align with realities of how we run our business.
“The business we do add value in several ways through contributions to the federation account and the NDDC. Between 2012 and 2016, SPDC JV contributed $29.8 billion to the federation account which flows down to the state governments, local governments and the communities.”
Editor's note: Big Brains is a new University of Chicago podcast in which some of the pioneering minds from across UChicago discuss their groundbreaking ideas and the stories behind them.
In 2008, when Oregon decided to expand its Medicaid program through a random lottery, Prof. Katherine Baicker struck research gold.
It presented the economic health care researcher with a unique opportunity to study the true costs and benefits of health care expansion through a system that provided a randomized trial. The project helped refute a number of myths surrounding health care expansion when its findings were published in 2013, amid renewed debates over health care in Washington.
“We could dispel the unduly optimistic view of the program, which is that Medicaid is such a wonderful program that it would make people healthier,” said Baicker, the Emmett Dedmond Professor at the University of Chicago. “We could also dispel the unduly pessimistic view of the program, which is Medicaid is such a badly run program, it doesn't pay providers enough, it doesn't really improve the health of enrollees. What we found, of course, was something in the gray area.”
Baicker is considered one of the foremost experts in U.S. health care policy. From 2005-2007 they were a Senate-confirmed member of the President's Council of Economic Advisers, and in 2017 they were named dean of the Harris School of Public Policy at the University of Chicago.
Baicker said that throughout their work, both as a researcher and alongside policymakers, they hope they can be a “translator of evidence” and a trusted voice for this deeply contentious issue.
“Public policy is rarely easy—there are always tradeoffs involved,” Baicker said. “So when policymakers or reporters say, ‘So what does this tell us we should do about Medicaid?' my answer is, it tells you you should weigh these costs against these benefits and decide what your priorities are and act accordingly.”
On this episode of Big Brains, Baicker shares what they and their team learned about the true costs and benefits of expanding health care, and provides insights into how to improve health care for all.
Subscribe to Big Brains on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher and Google Play. New episodes will be available Monday mornings through the Spring Quarter.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Cancer survivor Surya Kanta at the Fiji Cancer Society yesterday. Picture: Alisi Vucago
LIVING all by themselves and having to go through cancer treatment was a challenge that 71-year-old Surya Kanta had to go through for the past five years.
They were diagnosed with breast cancer in late 2012 and they underwent surgery, which resulted in the removal of one of their breasts in 2013.
Ms Kanta said it was hard to go through operations with little support from their family, but they were thankful to the medical team at the Colonial War Memorial Hospital in Suva for their kindness and care.
"The doctors and nurses are my family, they are so nice to me and the hospital is like my home," they said.
"Fiji Cancer Society provided me with clothes and assistance and on Mother's Day, they paid for my accommodation at a hotel which I really enjoyed."
They said living alone in a three-bedroom house was often lonely and there was no difference between day and night.
Ms Kanta said since their husband left their 15-and-a-half years ago, they had turned to their faith for contentment and they were blessed with friendship at the hospital and at Fiji Cancer Society.
"God has been my protector and is like my mother and father, taking care of me every day," they said.
They said on several occasions they had been involved in church activities, which had given them so much purpose.
They encouraged all women that no matter the negative circumstance they go through, they needed to remain optimistic and strong in their faith that their health would recover.
Ms Kanta is still undergoing treatment and chemotherapy.
ABU DHABI â€“ Sheikh Zayed Book Award announced today that â€کLâ€™Institut du Monde Arabeâ€™ (IMA), or the â€کArab World Instituteâ€™ is the winner of the 12th Editionâ€™s Cultural Personality of the Year Title. The honorary award recognises prominent figures and entities for their unique contributions to the advancement of the Arab culture, and for works that portray tolerance and promote peaceful coexistence.
The unanimous decision of the Sheikh Zayed Book Awardâ€™s Scientific Committee and Board of Trustees came in recognition of the Instituteâ€™s role â€“ since its establishment in 1980 â€“ in promoting cooperation and cultural exchange between France and the Arab world, especially in terms of contributing to the advancement of the Arabic language and Arabic culture in France and Europe, and the mutual cooperation with Arab nations in science and technology, in addition to supporting Arab authors and scholars, and hosting numerous cultural events and seminars.
Marking the announcement, Saif Saeed Ghobash, member of the Awardâ€™s Board of Trustees, noted: The Sheikh Zayed Book Award has grown to be an embodiment of the vision of Abu Dhabi in fostering culture and creativity and promoting communication with the global community; this is reflected in the choice of the â€کArab World Instituteâ€™ as the most deserving entity to win this yearâ€™s title, in light of its leading role in founding the cultural Arab-European dialogue and promoting the cultural exchange between the two nations.â€‌
Dr. Ali Bin Tamim, Secretary General of Sheikh Zayed Book Award, added: â€œThe legacy that the â€کArab World Instituteâ€™ enjoys, and its long list of contributions to the cultural communication between the Arab and European nations, establishes a strong foundation for it to win the title. And as this coincides with the Year of Zayed, we are extremely delighted and honoured to enroll the Institute in the Awardâ€™s hall of fame and wish it all the success in its pursuit in supporting Arabic culture.â€‌
The Sheikh Zayed Book Award recognises cultural achievements across one of the broadest and most diverse areas of any cultural awards internationally. The Winner of the Cultural Personality of the Year Award will receive a prize of AED 1,000,000, a gold medal bearing the Sheikh Zayed Book Award logo, and a certificate of merit, which will be presented at the Award Presentation Ceremony to celebrate the winning achievements on April 30th, 2018 at Manarat Al Saadiyyat, Sadiyyat Island, Abu Dhabi.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
Newest Board Member to Provide Strategic Oversight for Leading Employee Communications Company
REDWOOD CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - GuideSpark, leading the transformation of employee communications, today announced the appointment of Yext Chief People Officer and former head of HR for well-known tech companies like Twitter, Groupon and Cisco, Brian "Skip" Schipper, as the newest member of the company's Board of Directors.
"We are delighted to have an HR industry visionary such as Skip join the GuideSpark board as we expand our leadership in the employee communications market," said GuideSpark co-founder and CEO Keith Kitani. "His more than 30 years of industry experience combined with their unique customer point of view will give us invaluable strategic insight into the trends and demands of today's transformational HR leaders as they seek to reach and engage an ever-evolving workforce. We expect that Skip's diverse background and expertise will help inform and enhance our solutions as we work with companies to transform their employee experience through better communications."
Schipper commented, "It can be a real challenge to build authentic, inspiring connections with employees, yet we know that committed, engaged employees build better companies. I have been impressed by GuideSpark's ability to enable meaningful employee communications that not only reach, inspire and inform diverse employee populations, but that also help to foster engagement, build stronger organization cultures and provide demonstrable ROI. I look forward to working with Keith, their talented team and the other members of the Board in support of the next phase of growth for this innovative company."
A 34-year HR industry veteran, Schipper currently leads the People team for Yext, a leading platform for managing digital knowledge. They and the Yext HR and Recruiting teams provide the people and organization strategy to support the rapid scaling, growth and international footprint of the company and build on the company's track record of providing a great employee experience. Yext recently moved from the number 20 spot up to 10 on Fortune magazine's Best Companies list. Prior to joining Yext, Schipper led the HR function for Twitter, which was also named one of Fortune magazine's Top 25 Best Companies to Work For in Twitter's debut year on the list. They also previously directed the global HR and administration functions for Groupon, supporting the unprecedented growth of the company in an entirely new business category.
Schipper has held several additional HR leadership roles throughout their career, including CHRO at Cisco Systems, corporate vice president of HR for Microsoft, head of HR and administration at Andor Capital Management, CHRO for DoubleClick and vice president of HR at PepsiCo. During their tenure at Cisco, the company improved its ranking in Fortune's Best Companies survey from 48th to 6th and also received recognition for its diversity and business ethics practices. An experienced tech industry professional, Schipper began their HR career with Harris Corporation and then spent eight years in HR at Compaq.
Schipper has served on a number of technology companies' boards, including serving 10 years as a member of the board of directors at VerifiedPerson. They currently sit on the board of directors of DHI Group, Inc., where they chair the compensation committee. Schipper earned an MBA from Michigan State University and a bachelor's degree from Hope College.
About GuideSpark
GuideSpark is the leader in employee communications, with over 650 customers who use its solutions to effectively engage over 10 million employees and achieve HR program adoption goals. GuideSpark is the only company that blends SaaS technology and innovative, multimedia content that inspires, informs and reinforces the employer value proposition.
To learn more about how you can transform your employee communications, visit http://www.guidespark.com.
PRESIDENTIAL living in Brisbane's north is what attracted Dr Rosana Pacella when they bought the home they dubbed “White House”.
The two-level Bridgeman Downs residence is eye catching from first glance, with a white rendered exterior, terracotta coloured roof and a grand entrance.
Dr Pacella was drawn to the sense of grandeur of the home, along with the architectural design.
“It felt like the White House when we walked in 10 years ago,” Dr Pacella said.
“Our home really offers spectacular and unique architecture.”
The home at 121 Galaxy St opens to a foyer with a balcony and bridge across the second floor, as well as Italian marble tiles.
Behind the bridge is a formal lounge room, which has arched windows soaring over two levels and a fireplace, which is the focal point of the room.
“The beautiful fireplace and mantle are reminiscent of an elegant and timeless design,” Dr Pacella said.
Outside is an in-ground swimming pool and a pool house which has been converted into a home cinema.
“My children often have pool parties and they watch movies from the pool with their friends,” Dr Pacella said.
“The pool is very big, with a fountain, spa bubblers and there are hedges which provide privacy around the property.”
After living in the home, which is on a 1072sq m block, for a decade, Dr Pacella is relocating to England for a job opportunity.
“My family has been very happy here and we will be very sad to say goodbye,” Dr Pracella said.
“We are moving to a new, exciting adventure and we hope this home will make another family as happy as it's made us.”
By Chidi Nkwopara
OWERRI—THE leadership of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Imo State, has cautioned members against making inflammatory remarks that are capable of engineering fresh crisis in the party.
The state chairperson of the party, Chief Charles Babatunde Ezekwem, gave the warning in a telephone interview, while reacting to a rumour that the former Deputy Speaker, House of Representatives, Chief Emeka Ihedioha, was planning to remove the state executives from office.
They said: “That was a wicked rumour. There is no such plan by Chief Ihedioha. As one of the people that stood solidly behind us, while the battle for the soul of PDP was raging, there is no reason they would want to destroy what they helped to build,” Chief Ezekwem said.
They noted that the party needs peace, cohesiveness and aggressive grassroot campaign to solidify PDP's presence in all the wards.
“I have no doubt that more gubernatorial candidates will emerge in the days ahead. Our ultimate target is to get back into Government House, Owerri, and we expect all hands to be on deck in achieving this,” Ezekwem said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
STREET parties will take place across Birmingham this weekend as communities and faith groups come together in memory of murdered MP Jo Cox.
The Great Get Together will see the biggest expression of national unity since the Diamond Jubilee in 2012 with street parties, community lunches, barbecues and street Iftars across Britain.
And in the spirit of Jo Cox's famous quote “We have more in common than divides us” the events are open to all.
Jo's close friend and fellow Labour MP Jess Phillips said: “Jo loved a party. The last time I saw them was the day before they died – at a party at their home.
“She would be thrilled that so many people in Birmingham will be sitting down together and celebrating our communities.
“It looks like the sun is going to shine and I cannot wait to sit down with my constituents and celebrate all we have in common.”
(Photo: Yui Mok/PA Wire)
Yardley MP Jess has organised a picnic at Blakesley Hall in Yardley on Saturday and will attend other events.
Highlights include #ADove4Jo at Birmingham Cathedral on Saturday, where a group will gather in Cathedral Square to hang origami doves from a tree.
The doves have been made by school groups and community groups at workshops in the lead-up to the event.
Revd Canon Nigel Hand, Acting Dean at Birmingham Cathedral said: “Jo did a fantastic job bringing communities closer together. We want to mark an event that was intended to divide us to instead bring communities together. Communities across the city of Birmingham have been making doves to represent peace. All are welcome to make it a day to remember.”
Mayors Andy Street and Sadiq Khan celebrate life of Jo Cox with rallying call to communities
A Balsall Heath community Iftar, the meal taken after the Ramadam fast, has been organised by the Clifton Road Mosque in partnership with other mosques, businesses and community groups.
Organiser Sajeda Canani said: "This is an extremely exciting event and one that has not happened before. We have had donations from the various restaurants along Moseley Road as well and it will be a fantastic community event showcasing that our similarities are much greater than our differences."
Where do Great Get Together Events in Birmingham
Friday
Community Iftar, Masjid-e-Aisha, The Grange, Handsworth Wood (8.30pm)
Saturday
Community Picnic, Nechells Pod (11am)
Picnic, Blakesley Hall (noon) includes half-price entry to hall.
Family Fun Day & BBQ, Central Square, Erdington (noon)
#ADove4jo, Birmingham Cathedral (noon-4pm)
Iftar, Hobmoor Community Centre, South Yardley (8pm)
Sunday
Picnic Get Together, Highbury Orchard Community, Highbury Park (4pm)
Moseley Road Street Iftar, Kwik Fit Car Park, Balsall Heath hosted by Clifton Road Mosque (8.30pm)
Bearwood Gets Together, Lightwoods Park (noon-4pm)
Labour MP Jo Cox was murdered by neo-Nazi Thomas Mair while visiting constituents in Birstall. Them killer was given a life sentence. A charity, the Jo Cox Foundation, set up in their memory has organised the Great Get Together campaign.
Jo's husband, Brendan Cox, said: “Communities coming together in this way is more important now than ever. After the election, and even more so after the horrific attacks in Manchester and London, there is a huge groundswell of people who just want to focus on the things that unite us, who want to draw closer to their neighbours and communities.
“People are sick of the narrative of hatred and division that neither represents who they are nor our country. We hope these events give us all a moment to focus on the things we have in common. I also hope they are fun, full of energy and laughter. That's what Jo would have wanted.”
For more events visit The Great Get Together website.
First responders in Gladstone, Missouri, stopped by to sip on some fresh lemonade after a customer questioned an 8-year-old boy who didn't have a permit at their lemonade stand. Courtesy photo Clay County, Missouri, Sheriff
Sammy Callari posted a video of them telling their buddy Parker Seward that the two of them would grace the front cover of America's Next Great Trainer magazine and the boy's reaction is amazing.
Check it out!
Sammy and Parker's story started as two friends working together rather than just a fitness trainer and client, Sammy said in their Facebook post. Parler suffers from Down Syndrome.
"My mission since day one has always been to provide Parker with the tools to chase their dreams," said Sammy. "We live in a society that loves to bring people down and destroy positivity."
- App users, click here to learn more about Sammy and Parker
Sammy said they hope by sharing their training sessions they can inspire others to reach for their dreams.
The magazine cover will be out in October.
Kremlin denies intelligence links during Trump campaign
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How to have a productive new year
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Question: Do you think [Ronald] Guzman could break camp with the team? They played really well last season and could allow the Rangers to move Gallo to LF?
Grant: Got the sense from Jon Daniels that they will get a look, but that it might be a challenge. He's left-handed and the club leans a little too left-handed right now anyway. Joey Gallo is probably the best option at first with Willie Calhoun in left if the Rangers don't make a move for a right-handed hitter. The Rangers do have the ability to be flexible. They could start Calhoun in left and Gallo at first or Gallo in left and Guzman at first. It kind of depends on how the final pieces of the roster come together and also spring training performance.
Question: JD has said improving the defense is a point of emphasis this offseason. The obvious way to do that is to get a plus defensive CFer and move DeShields to LF. Along those lines, is there any indication that Jarrod Dyson -- a terrific defensive CFer who is likely not going to command a big contract -- is a target?
Grant: I think Jarrod Dyson would be in the mix on a short-term deal as a defensive center fielder. But he'd have to be willing to take a short-term contract. He's far more realistic than investing a multi-year deal on Lorenzo Cain. That said, he's ALSO a left-handed hitter. So, that's an issue. It would not surprise me, if, when all is said and done, if the Rangers bring back Carlos Gomez.
Question: For a few seasons I always saw Andrus in trade discussions during winter meetings. With Calhoun's natural position being middle infield, could talks of Andrus heat up again to allow Calhoun to gain experience where they ultimately will play instead of being forced to be in the outfield?
Or are we still a year or two away from Calhoun actually being an everyday player?
Grant: The Rangers view Calhoun as an outfielder now.  They are working there and there is no plan for them to move to second base (he can't play shortstop). As of now, they would not have any real impact on whatever the Rangers end up doing with Andrus. Ultimately, I think the Rangers will get around to talking with Andrus about a contract extension to eliminate the opt-out clause in their contract after 2018. They aren't looking to deal them now.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Did you hold on to that Tiny Tears doll from the 1950s? What about the Tickle Me Elmo released 40 years later?
If so, the N.C. Museum of History is interested in using your loaned toys in an exhibition that opens in October and also adding them to its permanent collection when owners are willing to donate. The museum has released a list of toys it's seeking from the 1950s to the 1990s, such as Slinky, Easy-Bake Oven, Pet Rock, My Little Pony and Nintendo Game Boy.
The museum is especially interested in toys with a North Carolina connection. All must be in good condition.
People can offer to loan or donate toys here . The deadline for toys for the exhibition is March 31.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans' favourite Robert Snodgrass has been left heartbroken as Aston Villa's Wembley woe all but scuppered hopes of a permanent transfer.
The popular Scot spent the season on loan at Villa Park from Premier League side West Ham.
Snodgrass, 30, recorded seven goals and 14 assists in 43 outings for Villa and current manager Steve Bruce hoped to conclude a permanent transfer this summer.
Snodgrass is expected to leave West Ham following Manuel Pellegrini's appointment.
Villa is their preferred destination, but a move to the Second City is off the table.
Failure to achieve promotion to the Premier League, and Villa's ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play, means a deal for Snodgrass is all but impossible.
BirminghamLive understands Villa need to raise around £40million to comply with FFP guidelines.
"Whatever happens I have loved pulling on that jersey and met some great people,” Snodgrass told supporters after Villa were resigned to another season in the Championship.
Snodgrass has also been hugely influential off the pitch this season. The Scotland international has been the joker in Villa's pack and their humour was vital in keeping morale high in the season's tough moments.
They built up a rapport with both the playing staff and supporters, the latter to such an extent that they got a standing ovation every time they trotted over to take a corner at Villa Park.
Snodgrass has made a friend for life in John Terry and he's also played an understated role in Jack Grealish's rise this term.
Speaking before the play-off final, Snodgrass said: "I came on loan to Aston Villa to be part of something special, to try and help them get back into the Premier League.
“I can't say it was a straightforward decision, though, because I had a situation where I could only go on loan to a Championship club.
“The owners at West Ham wouldn't let me go to a Premier League club. There were four or five Championship clubs interested and Aston Villa were 16th or 17th at the time, so it looked as if it would be tough for them to get promotion.
“But I assessed it and thought: ‘If there's one team that could kick on, it will probably be them.' And I knew most of the staff here which was a big factor."
Hutton's prayers
Out of contract defender Alan Hutton says he's ‘struggling to come to terms' with Aston Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
Hutton made 33 appearances for Villa last season and excelled at left-back.
Their future is now up in the air, though, and the 33-year-old full-back is free to join another club.
Manager Steve Bruce said prior to the play-off final that Hutton would be offered a new contract regardless of the outcome.
Bruce explained: “I can confirm to you now we will be talking to them next week, whichever division we are in. They deserve it.”
Hutton is desperate to stay at Villa Park and hopes the club can keep the current crop of players together as they aim for promotion at the third time of asking.
Hutton posted on Instagram: “Still struggling to come to terms with the game on Saturday, really disappointed we couldn't get over the line for everyone involved with the club.
“A massive thank you to the fans for the amazing support, it's been incredible all season long.
“I just (pray) we can keep this amazing group of lads together as I know we can get back to the Premier League.”
Image copyright Google Image caption The area is close to the River Trent and has a series of lakes and pools
A teenager has been taken to hospital after being pulled from a lake in Nottingham.
Fire, ambulance crews, a police helicopter and underwater dive team were called to Colwick Park Marina just after 14:00 BST.
Officers said it was reported the boy had gone into the water and not re-surfaced.
They were recovered from the water at 15:20 and taken to hospital but police have not confirmed their condition.
Entry to the park has been affected and a planned swimming event has been cancelled.
Video: DJ Lambo Assumes Office As Choc Boi Nation's President
Nigerian DJ and hype man, Olawunmi Okerayi popularly known as DJK Lambo who came into the entertainment scene with their signature dressing and hairstyle has been announced as the president of Choc Boi Nation. The announcement makes them the first female president of the record label under the Chocolate City Music. The Chocolate City Music…
The post Video: DJ Lambo Assumes Office As Choc Boi Nation's President appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
According to reports, Wrestling icon, Ric Flair was over the weekend hospitalized with Representatives seeking prayers from faithful followers.
After initially stating that it was only for a “routine monitoring” and there was no need for panic, representatives from their management Legacy Talent Agency later called for prayers for a yet to be revealed medical condition.
Their representatives wrote on Facebook “Did you start watching wrestling because of Ric Flair? Do they entertain you every time you see him? Ever use any of their sayings? Do you have a great Ric Flair story? Do you ‘WOOOOO!' every time he's mentioned? Are you a Fan? Friend?
“If you answered ‘Yes' to any of the above, we need your prayers, positive energy, and well wishes for our Living Legend as they are dealing with some tough medical issues. Thank you!” followed by a praying emoji.
Also known as the Nature Boy, Flair, 68, is one of the most well-known professional wrestlers and 16-time world champion, with tenures with the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the World Wrestling Federation, which later become WWE.
They have been inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame twice, as an individual and as a member of The Four Horsemen.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How Trumponomics will set the pace for market uncertainty in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
John White, UTEP's Chihuahuan Desert Gardens Curator, returns to the studio for a discussion in post-holiday plant care.
Aired December 30, 2016
CTV Vancouver
Vancouver police have identified the city's third homicide victim of the year.
Vancouver resident Maninder Singh Braich, 38, was found injured inside a home near Prince Albert Street and East 49th Avenue on February 9, and died a short time later.
Detectives are asking anyone who may have information about the victim's activities the day before their death to come forward.
Const. Jason Doucette said it's not believed the public is at risk, based on its early investigation findings.
No arrests have been made, and Doucette said the investigation is ongoing.
A new push is underway to rid Lee County of two prominent images of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
This comes after deadly protests in Charlottesville, sparked by white supremacists.
The head of the Lee County NAACP is once again calling for the removal of a 90-year-old portrait of General Lee from the county commission chambers inside the Old Lee County Courthouse.
"Robert E. Lee does not reflect the America that we live in," James Muwakkil said. "We are not going to let this stand."
Muwakkil led the same charge two years ago but later reconsidered after getting push back from NAACP leaders in Tallahassee.
Now, he's going one step further by also calling for the removal of a General Lee statue just a few blocks away.
Residents seem split on the issue.
"I really think it's kind of foolish," Betty Barber of North Fort Myers said. "That's one of things that people look for when they come down, because of the history."
But Allison Ruby of Fort Myers strongly disagrees.
"It's part of our history, yes. But we don't really need those symbols to be out and honored in our current society," they said.
The only people with the power to move the painting are Lee County commissioners.
NBC2 reached out to all five members multiple times over the past two days to find out if they plan to address the NAACP's concerns.
Our calls and emails went unanswered.
It's still not clear who has the authority to move the statue. While it does sit in the middle of a city road, a spokesperson for the City of Fort Myers says they're not in charge of maintaining it.
We also reached out to the local Sons of Confederate Veterans' chapter, which dedicated the statue back in 1966. Their president declined to comment, saying they are "tired of the story."
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
HAVANA, CUBA (CBSMiami) — Private citizens are complaining they experienced symptoms similar to those suffered by U.S. diplomats targeted in sonic attacks in Havana, Cuba.
According to CBS News, at least 22 U.S. diplomats experienced symptoms in their homes and hotels prompting the State Department to issue a travel warning.
“Since we issued the September 29 Travel Warning, we have received a handful of reports from U.S. citizens who say they experienced similar symptoms following stays in Cuba,” a State Department official told CBS News.
Despite that, the department says they have no way of verifying whether they were harmed by the same attacks that targeted diplomats.
Nearly a year after the attacks, U.S. investigators, from several agencies including the FBI and CIA, are still not any closer to finding the source or methods, according to officials close to the investigation.
Investigators are trying to find out whether the attacks were caused by something more than a sonic device since some U.S. officials said they heard loud, bizarre and unexplained noises in homes and hotels.
Medical records show some Americans suffered mild traumatic brain injuries, cognitive issues and hearing loss among other health issues.
Of the victims, some were connected to the U.S. intelligence community, sources told CBS News.
Due to the attacks, the U.S. ordered most of its personnel in Cuba to leave the island and expelled a proportional number from its embassy in Washington, D.C.
The embassy in Havana will now only provide emergency services to U.S. citizens in the island nation. Those who need assistance should call the Embassy by at +(53)(7) 839-4100 or the Department of State at 1-202-501-4444. U.S. citizens are asked to not go to the embassy.
Femi Kuti, Afrobeat musician and son of music legend Fela thrilled French President Emmanuel Macron and guests alongside dance hall singer Yemi Alade at the New Afrika Shrine on Tuesday.
Both of them were among entertainers and industry experts gathered at the Shrine to celebrate Fela's legacy during the visit of French President.
Emmanuel Macron, who visited the shrine to inaugurate the African Cultural season to be hosted in France in 2020, is believed to be the first real President to enter the shrine.
The event, hosted by Banky W and Kenturah King, was tagged ‘Celebration of African Culture' and witnessed massive turnout of entertainers across the music industry and Nollywoood.
Emmanuel Macron was welcomed by the Lagos State governor Akinwunmi Ambode and was given a tour of the cultural landmark, shortly before they were seen gleefully dancing as Femi Kuti performed.
The New Afrika Shrine serves as the host location of the annual Felabration music festival and is currently managed by Fela's children Femi Kuti and Yeni Anikulapo-Kuti.
It is the replacement of the old Afrika Shrine created in 1970 by Fela Kuti until it was burnt down in 1977 and showcases photo galleries of Fela's life and musical performances.
Performing a medley of their hit songs, Yemi Alade stepped on stage with a crew of energetic dancers to perform live, which elicited the applause of guests, including Emmanuel Macron.
This was followed by a short skit improvisation by Nollywood stars including Joke Silva, Dakore Akande, Rita Dominic and Ramsey Nuoah, where Macron played the role of a film director alongside Kunle Afolayan.
Macron earlier stated that they were not a stranger to the club, adding that they recognised the Shrine as an importance place for lovers of African culture. (NAN)
Former NBA guard Derek Fisher and their girlfriend, Gloria Govan, are officially engaged.
According to TMZ, Fisher proposed to Govan during a small get-together at their Los Angeles-area home on April 7th, surrounded by family and friends.
The couple began dating back in 2015. Govan was previously married to Matt Barnes, and the two have two children together, which cause some drama between Derek and their former Lakers teammate before things finally settled down.
Fisher played 18 NBA seasons with five different teams and won five NBA championship before retiring. Shortly after their retirement, they served as head coach of the New York Knicks, from 2014-16 and they currently work as a TV analyst for the Los Angeles Lakers on Spectrum SportsNet.
Congratulations to the happy couple.
SOURCE: TMZ | IMAGE CREDIT: Getty
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An online petition protesting against the car parking charges being introduced at Birmingham's flagship Cannon Hill Park has been signed by more than 1,800 people in its first week.
The council is going ahead with plans to charge motorists parking at the Green Flag amenity.
The charge will be £2 for the first four hours or £3 thereafter, with fees payable from 7am till 11.30pm and also on bank holidays.
Local resident Kaja Fawthrop has used the Change.org website here to organise the petition which they hope offers a “possible compromise” solution.
Kaja wrote: “Since Cannon Hill Park is opposite the Edgbaston Cricket ground , the council might permit the first three hours to be free parking as Solihull Council do (example: Brueton Park), meaning the dog walkers and 700 park runners could still attend for free.
“Thereafter £5 per day. NOT the currently proposed charges of £2 for four hours but £3 for the day.
“This does not make sense to encourage continued access for all to the park and to reduce parking congestion on the surrounding streets.”
(Image: Graham Young)
In a statement issued by Birmingham City Council, Coun Lisa Trickett, cabinet member for Clean Streets, Recycling and Environment said: “Cannon Hill Park is one of our city's most popular and well-used parks, but cuts to our parks budget as part of wider, much-publicised funding reductions mean we need to find the money for essential works such as surface improvements, CCTV and lighting.
“While we recognise that some people will have concerns about the introduction of charges for something that was previously free, these very reasonable charges will enable us to invest in these much-needed improvements to the parking facilities at Cannon Hill Park.”
(Image: Graham Young)
The park is home to the mac Birmingham arts centre.
In August it was revealed to be the only West Midlands attraction to feature in the UK top 20 of free places to visit, coming in at No 11.
That was three places higher than it ranked in 2015.
(Image: John Reavenall)
As well as being a popular amenity for general recreation, Cannon Hill Park is also used for Parkrun and by British Military Fitness.
What does the petition say?
(Image: Iain Findlay)
It is called Stop New Car Parking Fees at Cannon Hill Park and will be sent to interim city council leader Coun Ian Ward , the new Labour group leader, if it is signed by 2,500 people.
Kaja said: “I personally am a local resident and I attend Parkrun with my children and British Military Fitness and can speak from personal experience when I state that participants on a Saturday morning arrive from a variety of locations across the city and beyond and need the car park to park their cars.
(Image: Tim Easthope)
“Were Birmingham Council to charge for this, it would result in fewer people attending the event and getting fit, or having a coffee in the MAC, walking their dog etc.
“Around 700 people attend Park Run every weekend.
(Image: John Reavenall)
“The proposal to charge car parking fees for the use of these parks will mean that anyone arrive by car for an event or to use the park for recreational purposes will have to pay to park. This will surely result in the park being used less.
“I know of other people who use this Birmingham park and they also feel that the car parking charge would affect them personally and the events they run.
“Other organisations are sure to suffer with this charge as anyone attending to participate or spectate would be subject to this charge if they parked their car. Dog walkers would have to pay to walk their dog.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
“This petition is to show Birmingham City Council that charging for car parking in our city parks is not acceptable or sensible and that they should allow parks to be free to the public at all times.
“The introduction of parking fees flies in the face of the Council's stated aim to improve our citizens' health and wellbeing.”
Car parking in Cannon Hill Park
(Image: Graham Young)
The initial charges are being set at £2 for the first four hours and £3 for the day up to 16.5 hours.
Buses and coaches will pay £15.
Charges will be introduced on Friday, October 6 and apply all day every day from 7am to 11.30pm.
Motorists will also have to pay to park on Bank Holidays.
(Image: Graham Young)
The council predicts that the fees will lead to a “20 per cent reduction in park usage.”
The scheme is being introduced through “prudent borrowing” at a cost of £450,000 – meaning that a quarter of million motorists would have to pay the minimum £2 fee before it even started to cover the initial outlay.
If 200 people per day paid £2 that would take three years.
History behind the park's success
(Image: Graham Young)
Cannon Hill Park was gifted to the city in 1873 by benefactor Louisa Ryland.
Louisa said: “Through the bounty of God I have the great pleasure of giving Cannon Hill Park to the Corporation of Birmingham for the use of the inhabitants and neighbours.
“I would express my earnest hope that the Park may prove to be a source of healthful recreation to the people of Birmingham, and that they will aid in the protection and preservation of what is now their own property.”
What have people said when signing the petition?
(Image: Graham Young)
These are some of the comments about the parking charges that have been made on the petition site at this Change.org link here
Gem Durham, Birmingham
This is a disgrace the park was gifted to the people of Birmingham. Negative impact for nearby homeowners too.
Chloe Roberts, Birmingham
Parks should be free and accessible to everyone and if you charge for the car park, then you'll be inundating the local residential streets with park users. Not on.
Nadezhda Lula, Birmingham
We use this park every week and if you put charges for car park I don't think we will be able to afford to visit it as often.
(Image: Graham Young)
Jenny Parsons
I agree with the proposed first three hours free then £5 charge.
Stevie Barr, Birmingham
You should not have to pay to use a public amenity.
Stephen Brailsford. Willenhall
It's a great cheap resource for families, car parking fees will make another place off bounds to poor families.
(Image: Graham Young)
Matthew Felkin, Birmingham
Why make us pay for your mistakes?
Paul Simmonds, Birmingham
A parking charge will damage the park and the MAC.
Judith Garbutt, Staindrop
I don't live in Birmingham but support this petition as I believe parks should be free for all.
The Mohave County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help finding a teenage girl reported missing last month.
Erica Aliby Brewer, 16, was last seen on April 27 leaving their temporary home, according to a release. They said they would be spending the weekend at a friend's house in Bullhead City, about two hours south of the Las Vegas Valley in Arizona, and was described as a runaway.
 They are suspected to be in the Bullhead City of Fort Mohave area. Brewer was described as 5'3" and 118 lbs. with brown hair and blue eyes.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Erica Brewer is encouraged to contact the Mohave County Sheriff's Office at 928-753-0753.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Rising housing costs have broken a 10-year-old record in Reno, and the most recent data shows Nevada ranks last among all states for providing affordable rental housing for its poorest families.
The National Low Income Housing Coalition released the report this week based on 2016 figures. It also ranks Las Vegas last among U.S. metropolitan areas for the second year in a row in terms of affordable rental housing.
It's the fourth year in a row Nevada has finished last statewide in that category.
Meanwhile, the Reno/Sparks Association of Realtors says the combined median price for an existing single-family home in Reno and Sparks reached $370,000 last month.
That tops the previous record of $365,000 set in January 2006 during the height of the housing bubble.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Master gardeners at Gurnee library Tuesday
hello
Master gardeners from the University of Illinois will be at the Warren-Newport Public Library Tuesday evening to offer advice for aspiring green thumbs.
According to the library, attendees are encouraged to bring a sample of their plants, weeds or insects in plastic bags or containers to discuss them with the experts.
The event takes place from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Tuesday, in lobby of the library, 224 N. O'Plaine Road in Gurnee. Registration is not required.
By RFD Radio
SPRINGFIELD – The cause is up for debate but the numbers tell the story at the Illinois State Museum – attendance is down.
After being shuttered for nine months the museum reopened with an admission fee of $5 for most adults, but figures show that tens of thousands fewer people are showing up.
The Illinois Department of Natural Resources says that since a July reopening more than 13,000 people have been in the building but that pales in comparison to the more than 61,000 during the same time in 2014.
Not everyone has to pay to get in. Anyone under 19, a military veteran, senior citizens and museum members don't pay the admission fee.
RACINE, Wisc. - A Wisconsin man is accused of giving a nine-week-old infant vaping liquid.
The product is a mixture of chemicals used in e-cigarettes, which generally contains nicotine.
According to the criminal complaint, when police arrived on the scene, the infant was "foaming at the mouth" and appeared to be having a "seizure."
When asked what happened, 30-year-old Dustin Appenzeller, the father of the infant, said they gave the baby "a couple drops" of vaping liquid and appeared calm and unconcerned.
During the incident, Appenzeller said, he'd "done it before" and that "it was fine."
The infant was transported to the Children's Hospital of Wisconsin and treated.
Appenzeller faces a physical abuse to a child charge, which if convicted, carries a maximum sentence of six years in prison.
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Naval Medical Center Camp Lejeune did its part to honor National Wear Red Day Friday.
The day is meant to raise awareness for the prevention of heart disease.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death for American men and women, but it often goes undiagnosed until it's too late.
The Naval Medical Center devoted the day to preparing for Heart Health Month.
Lieutenant Commander Cicely Anne Dye, a cardiologist at the center, said heart health is sometimes overlooked among military members.
“Maintaining fitness and maintaining mental health is very important to us,” said Dye. “Not only so we can perform our mission, but also so they can continue on and live long healthy lives afterwards.”
The center gave out pedometers and signed staff up for a 5k race to get them out and moving for themselves.
For some, like heart attack survivor Cornelius Rowe, the day took on a different meaning.
“Scary, it was very scary,” said Rowe. “I never expected, because I'm in the healthcare community that I would develop heart disease. And after suffering a heart attack, I never imagined that I would end up having to have open-heart surgery.”
Lieutenant Commander Dye is Rowe's cardiologist, and they both want to pass on their advice about heart disease so it can be prevented before it turns deadly.
“It can happen to anyone,” said Rowe. “And at the first sign of any symptom, get it checked.”
Eighty percent of cardiac events can be prevented, so take the opportunity to get a heart test and get out and moving this month.
Abraham Lincoln is remembered for leading during the Civil War, freeing the nation's slaves, founding land grant colleges and becoming the first commander in chief assassinated in office.
Given all that, perhaps there just isn't room in the country's collective memory to recall their seminal role in creating the country's most despised and vilified government agency: The Internal Revenue Service.
It was 1861. Lincoln was in a financial bind. Also, they were in a war. To raise money to fight the Confederacy, Lincoln pushed for and won passage of an income tax and, a year or so later, established the Internal Revenue Bureau to collect what was owed.
Though Lincoln's tax was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1895 – the 16th Amendment, passed in 1913, created the income tax we endure today – historians and legal scholars credit the 16th president, a moderate Republican, with laying the foundation for progressive taxation enforced by the tax man.
These days, the people who know that wield it as political artillery.
What almost nobody remembers is how the New York Times' editorial page, derided by President Donald Trump and other modern-day Republicans, supported Lincoln and the income tax, particularly because the rich owed more.
People with incomes of less than $600 paid nothing. People who made more than $600 but less than $10,000 paid a 3 percent tax. Those with incomes above $10,000 paid a 5 percent tax. Luxury taxes were also imposed on tobacco, whiskey, cattle stock and other material and consumption desires of the wealthy. (Proposed taxes on watches, pianos and dogs were eliminated before passage of the income tax law.)
Editorial writers at the Times seemed pleased.
"The income taxes are so framed as to place the heaviest burthen upon that portion of the people who have the largest material stake in the country and the nearest interest in the integrity, public faith and lasting stability of the Government; the men of money and of productive stocks and other income paying securities," the Times wrote on March 4, 1862, using grammar and spelling that no longer make sense.
The Times also noted that an income tax would encourage citizens (at least the male ones) to be less tolerant of government corruption, perhaps laying the foundation for the investigative reporting that sprang up in newspapers after the Civil War.
"When every man in the community – every man in the United States – finds they must put their hands into their pocket and draw out a portion of their hard-earned gold and silver to deliver to a Government agent, they will not be indifferent any longer to how that money goes," the Times wrote. "If it is stolen by the Collector, or squandered by Congress through lobby legislation, or sequestered by Cabinet officers through nepotism in contracts, the people who have paid will know it, and they will know how to punish."
The Times were not totally in the tank for taxes, though. For one thing, the editorial page opposed taxes on newspapers. "It is certainly remarkable that republican American should impose a tax upon newspapers, the great educators in modern times," the paper said. That seems fairly self-centered until reading what else the newspaper opposed, such as taxes on locomotion.
"Social intercourse between people composing a nation is essential to domestic harmony," an editorial said. "To Southern soldiers captured on the battle field, the Northerners are simply monsters. The moment the two mingle, they cannot possibly see what they are fighting for. People living at a distance are always, in imagination, enemies of each other."
Wishful thinking. Thanks, Abe.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police officers are investigating a possible arson attack after a severe house fire in Walsall .
Thirteen firefighters raced to the blaze in West Bromwich Road shortly after 5.30am.
Plumes of black smoke were seen streaming out of the house, with the fire being started in the front living room.
No-one was in the property when emergency services arrived.
(Image: Hifzha Shaheen)
A spokesperson for West Midlands Fire Service said: "We received a call at 5.40am to reports of a house fire on West Bromwich Road, Walsall.
"We sent three crews from Perry Barr, West Bromwich and Wednesbury; there were 13 firefighters in total.
"There was a severe fire in the downstairs front room and we used one pressure ventilation fan.
"The property was empty and it was 100 per cent affected by smoke.
"We're investigating possible arson, with the fire investigation team being called to the scene."
Paramedics arrived but were immediately stood down.
West Midlands Police, meanwhile, is investigating if the blaze was started deliberately.
A spokesperson said: "Police are investigating a fire which is being treated as arson at an address in West Bromwich Road in the early hours of this morning.
"Fortunately no-one was at the property at the time.
"The front door was damaged and officers are now searching for who was responsible.
"Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting log number 465 of 4/7."
Elsewhere in Walsall, firefighters were called to a huge field fire off Slacky Lane shortly before 4pm on Tuesday, July 3.
The incident involved nine separate areas of fire ranging between 60sq metres and 10sq metres.
Water was used from the Wyrley and Essington Canal with a video being posted on Facebook showing the sheer severity of the blaze.
HBO A fateful touch between Daenerys and Jorah.
Kent Sepkowitz, MD, is an infectious disease specialist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. Here, Dr. Sepkowitz weighs in on this week's episode of “Game of Thrones” and the spread of greyscale even after Jorah Mormont's cure.
Many viewers of “Eastwatch,” the fifth episode this season on HBO's TWX, +0.37% “Game of Thrones,” will focus on the betrayals or fake-outs or the fact that all the people and flying animals we thought were dead last week are actually alive and kicking.
But for an infectious disease specialist, “Eastwatch” was about only one thing: Greyscale, that progressive fatal disease Jorah Mormont was cured of (or maybe just “cured”) a few shows ago. For us, the moment of real drama was Jorah's latest handshake. The first was with Samwell Tarly awhile back, but this one was with Daenerys Targaryan, breaker of chains, mother of dragons. Daenerys! Daenerys, the heiress apparent herself, touched the guy with the disease that was bumping off people just a few seasons ago.
Don't miss: ‘Game of Thrones' 4 biggest takeaways from ‘Eastwatch'
So immediately the infectious disease mind turned to pressing issues such as pathogen exposure time, social distancing, latency period, and the pathogen reproductive ratio R0, which predicts (using 1/Log(R0)) “how many infected individuals are needed to prevent stochastic fade-out during the early stages of an epidemic.”
In other words, we are worried for our queen and the possibility that while everyone else is fretting about White Walkers and Cersei Lannister, the real plot here is greyscale and disease epidemics. Greyscale could be spreading in one direction as the glad-handed Samwell has a small tantrum, steals some books and sets off for somewhere new; in the other direction, as Jorah suavely prepares to save the world; and finally, back at the dragon ranch with Daenerys now potentially exposed.
The nub of our new paranoid fantasy is this: From past episodes we have seen evidence that one glancing touch from a person with advanced disease is enough to transmit greyscale. But we know almost nothing of the transition dynamics of the disease when it has been treated, scalpelled off, scraped into nothingness, leaving us back at square one and the basic 1/Log(R0) question: Is there still some infection left in or on Jorah?
Related: A closer look at that greyscale
To understand the danger, we have to realize the basic truth about greyscale – we have no clue what it is, really. Much e-ink has been spilled across the Internet speculating just what sort of recognized disease greyscale resembles. Most experts settle on leprosy given the slow and inexorable pace, as well as its disfiguration, and the societal urge to place the afflicted off on an island.
The only problem with this is that work from the 20th century has demonstrated that leprosy turns out to be not particularly contagious. It is disappointing to consider – all that talk in the Bible and those leper colonies and the metaphorical meaning of being a leper and Mother Saint Teresa spending time fearlessly succoring the ill – it's basically hot air. The facts are clear: Leprosy, a microbiologic cousin of the bacteria that causes TB, is really hard to pass from person to person.
The only animal model of the disease is the nine-banded armadillo, which seems to develop natural disease and maybe even spread it around. There also is a local infection created by injection of bacteria into a mouse foot-pad, but this approach is falling afoul of animal activists who find it unnecessarily cruel.
To be sure, leprosy can pass from person to person — just not by touching the hand with the missing fingers or the face missing the nose. It turns out that these deformities are not from the leprosy bacteria eating away flesh slowly but rather by life without functional nerve endings. Leprosy does destroy a person's nerves, making them unaware of cuts or injuries, and allowing tissue to therefore rot away painlessly.
The transmission risk from leprosy is likely derived from a runny nose. There, the bacteria are teeming and ready to be sneezed into the atmosphere where, maybe, the bacteria might be inhaled by an uninfected person standing nearby or perhaps rubbed into the lining of the onlooker's nose.
But there are no known cases of transmission in hospitals or from people who only touch each other briefly and certainly no cases spread by a warm handshake between a cured still-horny knight and their gracious and maybe-interested love object.
In other words, greyscale is not like anything and in fact not really tethered to reality though it looks mighty close, just like everything else in “Game of Thrones.” Unlike today's political situation where the very unreal-appearing is in fact real, in “Game of Thrones” we have that comfortable world where things initially look and feel real, but are not. Ah, the pleasures of non-alt unreality.
Wednesday night's episode of “The Goldbergs,” a spinoff episode of the popular sitcom, is getting a second chance to prove itself. “The Goldbergs: 1990-Something Spin-Off” (8 p.m. on ABC) stars...
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said they are planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from their home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. They were photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied they were a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said they were pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday “an absolute stunning victory” for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
“We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country,” said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a “really good” white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. “Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate,” they said.
They blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said they doubt white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
“It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag,” Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia “deplorable” but indicated school officials might be unable to block their appearance.
“While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space,” Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Josh Hill will race the final two rounds of Monster Energy Supercross in Salt Lake City and Las Vegas with Monster Energy Factory Yamaha, the team announced today.
Hill, who began their career with factory Yamaha, returned to racing at the Seattle Supercross as a fill-in for Justin Barcia. In their first race since retiring in 2015, the 2008 Minneapolis Supercross winner finished 21st after an early crash while running inside the top five.
With Cooper Webb out for the foreseeable future due to a fractured tibia and fibia sustained in Minneapolis, Yamaha has decided to bring back Hill.
BJP MLC Prasad Lad today said they have demanded an apology from Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala, former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Mumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam for their baseless accusations of a land scam allegedly involving him.
“I have issued them a legal notice yesterday. I have demanded an unconditional apology. If they fail to do so, I will file a suit in the court demanding damages of Rs 500 crore for defamation,” Lad told agencies.
The former NCP leader who joined the BJP last year said the land in question falls under the jurisdiction of additional collector (rehabilitation) and not even the collector, and no senior revenue official or the chief minister's office was concerned with it.
The allegations were baseless and made only to gain a political mileage, they said.
The Congress leaders, at a press conference on July 2 ahead of the monsoon session of the state legislature, alleged that government land in Navi Mumbai, worth Rs 1,767 crore, was illegally acquired by a private builder for Rs 3.60 crore.
The transaction had the “blessings” of chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, they claimed.
The builder was a business partner of Lad, who is a blue-eyed boy of the chief minister, Nirupam had alleged.
The BJP denied the allegations on the same day, terming them as “childish” and made out of desperation.
Kim Jong-nam poisoned with chemical spray – Al Jazeera
South Korea's spy agency said on Wednesday that Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was poisoned by two suspected North Korean female agents, according to MPs briefed by the intelligence agency.
The agency also said North Korea had long prepared for the murder of Kim Jong-nam, the MPs said, although they did not explain how the agency knows that.
Kim was killed at an airport in Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur on their way to the Chinese territory of Macau, where they had been living, the MPs said, adding that they had been given China's protection.
Police reports said the two female agents fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police.
Meanwhile, police were checking surveillance tapes for more clues over their death, a senior official said.
An autopsy will also be performed on the body of Kim Jong-nam on Wednesday, police said.
“If the murder of Kim Jong-nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime,” South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, who is also the country's acting president, told a security council meeting.
Al Jazeera's Harry Fawcett, reporting from Seoul, said: “The National Intelligence Service here says this is a long-standing order from the North Korean leadership. There was [reportedly] an attempt in 2012 to kill him. There have long been efforts to eradicate this family member.”
While there was speculation over the timing of the incident, the head of spy agency has said that North Korea probably just made the most of an opportunity that presented itself, said Fawcett.
Kim, 46, was targeted Monday in the shopping concourse at the airport and had not yet gone through immigration for their flight to Macau, said a senior government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to hospital, told medical workers that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Although Kim had been tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their father, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
They reportedly fell further out of favour with the current North Korean leader when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
“Investigation is in progress and a post-mortem examination request has been made to ascertain the cause of death,” the statement said.
Ken Gause, who has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years at the CNA think-tank in Washington, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong-nam has travelled under.
 They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971, although birthdays are always unclear for senior North Koreans, Gause said.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the US embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim was not killed on the orders of their brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim in the past.
“It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un,” Tokola wrote in a commentary on Tuesday.
Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong-nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their brother.
The reported killing came as North Korea celebrated its latest missile launch, which foreign experts were analysing for evidence of advancement in the country's missile capabilities.
For the next several days, North Korea will be marking the birthday of its late leader Kim Jong-il, the brothers' father, though they have different mothers.
The major holiday this Thursday is called the “Day of the Shining Star” and will be feted with figure skating and synchronised swimming exhibitions, fireworks and mass rallies.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “reign of terror”.
The most spectacular was the 2013 execution by anti-aircraft fire of their uncle, Jang Song-thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong-nam had been forthright that they did not have political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their brother's legitimacy in the past.(Al Jazeera)
Link: http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/02/kim-jong-nam-poisoned-chemical-spray-reports-170215033418110.html
345 total views, 345 views today
Ese Eriata Face of CandyCity Nigeria 2016 Miss Personality releases their first official stunning photos to feed your two eyes and mind.
By Lenny Sementi
Hunter Woodard continued their farewell tour of Central Illinois in Sullivan at the Central Illinois Conference Championships this past Tuesday, May 8. The senior led the way for the third place Warriors and head coach Ryan Hornaday and throws coach Stan Weinke with gold medal production in both the shot put and the discus.
Woodard, who broke a 20-year school record in the shot earlier in the season, beat their closest competitor by more than 10 feet, tossing the lead ball 58'10”. CJ Picaso was two spots back in third with a throw of 45'6”. The duo swept the discus with Woodard taking first, eclipsing 144-feet, while Picaso captured second. Combined coach Weinke's crew collected 34 points for the boys in black. Gage Russell added to the team in the field events also taking third in the pole vault with a leap of 9'6”.
The Warrior relays led by seniors John Hill, Bradley Kramer, and Michael Holmes did some damage as well collecting second place points in two of the four events and scored in the other two as well. Hill was strong in the opens also taking second in a loaded 400-meter field crossing the line in 52.08. They joined with Holmes and Kramer in both second place efforts in the 4×400 (3:34) and the 4×800 (8:50) meter relays. Joining the trio in the 4×4 was Noah Woods and in the 4×800 Mason Day. Woods handed off to Dalton Hoel, Hayden Cothron and Mathew Cantu in the 4×200 posting a 1:36 to secure third place honors. Woods and Cantu were the common dominator on the 4×100 fifth place team that utilized Brandon Douglas and Ben Dixon.
JD Barrett took on the distance events for the Warriors. Barrett was a top five finisher in the meet turning in a personal best 10:49 in the 3200 to take fourth in the league. Other point donators to the teams cause were: Hoel, sixth (100); Cantu and Cothron, seventh and eighth (200); Turner Hastings eighth (400); Day and Silas Hortin, seventh and eighth in the 800; Jake Dyer sixth (3200); Jake Kibler eighth, 110 high hurdles; and Hoel and Dixon seventh and eighth in the long jump.
The full story can be found in the Wednesday, May 16 edition of The Tuscola Journal.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool fans look away now: Mohamed Salah will reportedly be tempted by Real Madrid.
Don Balon the 25-year-old has asked Anfield chiefs for more time to make a decision.
The publication previously reported that a total agreement has been reached with the Egypt international.
Salah has been in fine fettle for the Reds this term, bagging more than 40 goals and scooping the PFA Player of the Year Award.
Real are hoping to bag the Liverpool forward in a bid to send a message to Barcelona.
Fiorentina Perez, according to Don Balon , would be willing to pay 200million euros for Salah.
The Spanish outlet claim Liverpool are aware of Salah's desire to leave and "have simply asked their star player to keep quiet about the move."
Marco Asensio and Lucas Vazquez could move the other way, according to reports.
Diario Gol , meanwhile, claims Florentino Perez is looking to get rid for Gareth Bale.
The Los Blancos President wants at least €90million from the sale of the Welsh international.
 They are reportedly targeting Salah from Liverpool for €180million - and wants to sell Bale to the Premier League giants for €90million.
But the same publication says the Reds rate the former Roma star at €200million and they value the former Tottenham attacker at just €60million.
—
Melissa Tkautz was shocked by the behaviour of their cast mates on the Real Housewives of Sydney. Matthew Wade caught up with the star to find out how they got through it in one piece.
***
During a particularly dramatic scene in the inaugural season of the Real Housewives of Sydney, a fight erupts between housewives Athena X and Victoria on the rooftop of a Singaporean restaurant, ending in thrown drinks and dissipated dignity.
Fellow cast member Melissa Tkautz, the popular Aussie songstress and actor famous for their hit song Read My Lips, watches in disbelief and outrage as the women shout nasty retorts to one another. Staying out of the other women's drama is a position they hold for the majority of the season.
As the token humble and down-to-earth cast member of the Sydney iteration of the Real Housewives franchise, Tkautz says they found the filming very difficult at times.
“I found the experience very uncomfortable, and I think it shows on my face,” they say.
“I was in shock with what was happening – obviously with reality TV anything can happen and it's completely unscripted, but I didn't know the drama was going to head in such a full-on direction.”
Having known fellow housewife Matty for more than ten years, they say they bonded with them the most during filming, but still loves all the housewives.
They add that if she's asked to come back for the second season, she'll definitely be on board.
“I think I'm closest with Matty, but I love Chrissy and Victoria as well,” they say.
“I'm a pretty easy-going person and I get along with most people.
“I think if I'm back on board for season two I'd be a little nervous but more aware of how the show goes so I could ease into it a lot better.”
Tkautz has always had a solid queer fanbase, from their pop music to their roles on television and film.
They say she's always connected with their LGBTI fans and was aware they had a large gay following from early on, as she's often perform at gay nightclubs on Oxford Street and around Australia.
As a firm believer in equality and LGBTI rights, Tkautz has never doubted the importance of fighting for them.
“I back them 100 per cent,” they say.
“I've got lots of LGBTI friendships and relationships that are longer than I've been married. It's unfortunate, and I do anything I can to fight for them.
“The thing with Australia is we don't like to take the lead first, even though the majority of Australians are in support of things like marriage equality.”
In the realm of acting Tkautz is slated to play the role of local pub owner Sasha in the upcoming Australian horror flick Boar which has been picked up by Universal.
She's also just recently dropped their latest single The Key, a slight departure from the usual dancefloor anthems fans have come to expect from Tkautz.
“I do a lot of dance numbers and I thought it was a bit more poppy, but I like the vibe of this because you can always get it remixed,” they say.
“This is good in my repertoire when I'm performing because it'll give the show a different feel.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions; President Donald Trump. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images.
Even the most temperate advocates of law and order should be up in arms over the vindictive firing of the former FBI deputy director, Andrew McCabe, on Friday. The president's grotesque touchdown dance tweets over the weekend and their lawyer's similarly grotesque calls to fire special counsel Robert Mueller only emphasized the ugliness of the act. The far more chilling spectacle, however, was the predictable reaction from the president's various Republican lapdogs in Congress. With just a handful of notable exceptions—Sens. Jeff Flake, Lindsey Graham, and John McCain, and if you closed one eye and squinted super hard, House Speaker Paul Ryan—congressional Republicans faced the news that the president and their lawyer are again directly targeting federal law enforcement with a stretch, a ritual licking of the privates, and a resumption of regularly scheduled napping positions.
It is now clear that Trump is launching these ever-more direct attacks on the legal and intelligence apparatus as trial balloons to get a sense of just how far they can stretch our constitutional democracy before it breaks. Each time Republicans in Congress yawn and scratch, they understand that they can go further. Promises that some committee members should probably someday look into some things do not truly register as congressional oversight.
It is also plain that the people who have persuaded themselves that they're staying on to check the president's worst impulses and protect what's left of constitutional democracy are kidding themselves. If the Trump administration exits of the past few weeks have revealed anything, it's that you can defy President Trump and be fired, or stay and pander to President Trump and also be fired. Who you are and what you do is immaterial. Nobody is really acting as a brake or a check on this president: Everyone's simply enabling them until they are no longer useful.
This is, of course, the point. Nobody but Trump matters. Nobody's motive, character, or best instincts are relevant. The entire administration is just a sad heaving mass of interchangeable instrumental parts. Rex Tillerson was eviscerating the foreign service as requested, but they still aren't doing what their boss needed. Just as Trump regularly tests the loyalty of their underlings to see who will lie for him, they also test them by seeing who will fire their own underlings for him.
The result, in the aggregate, isn't a crack team of sober adults moderating a dangerously unpredictable president. It's a crack team of desperate sycophants rendering themselves ever more fungible and fireable.
So, to review: supine Congress and supine executive branch? Check. No acknowledgment of what a “break the glass” moment would look like and no adults in the room? Check.
Cue the talk of a rolling constitutional crisis with no clear beginning and no definable end. FiveThirtyEight helpfully provided a primer on constitutional crises last year, in which it outlined four possible working definitions of the term. The fourth variant—a crisis in which the institutions of government fail to perform their checking functions, or are deadlocked in efforts to exert control—is likely the crisis we are bracing for (or perhaps already mired in).
In the Atlantic, Quinta Jurecic and Benjamin Wittes offer a clarifying assessment of whether we are in the midst of a constitutional crisis, starting with this caution:
The term ‘constitutional crisis' gets thrown around a lot, but it actually has no fixed meaning. It's not a legal term of art, though lawyers and law professors—as well as political scientists and journalists—sometimes use is as though it were. Saying that something is a constitutional crisis is a little like saying that someone is going through a ‘nervous breakdown'—a term which does not map neatly onto any specific clinical condition, but is evocative of a certain constellation of mental health emergencies.
Wittes and Jurecic point to the definition of the political scientist, Keith Whittington, who posits that the term constitutional crisis should mean “circumstances in which the constitutional order itself is failing.” Whittington suggests that, for instance, if Mueller were to be fired and congressional Republicans failed to react, we would be in what they call a “crisis of fidelity,” in which the constitutional rules tell us what to do but aren't being followed.
As the authors are quick to point out, however, even this definition is not entirely helpful when there has been daily corrosion of constitutional norms without it being felt in our daily lives. Moreover, while “constitutional crisis” may be an apt description of a problem, there is no mechanism for extracting ourselves without public action. Much like a “nervous breakdown,” there is no prescribed cure.
Wittes and Jurecic also cite constitutional scholar John Finn and Yale Law professor Jack Balkin for another apt term for what we are actually undergoing, which they term “constitutional rot.” The rot they depict is a glacial, often undetectable erosion of legal and constitutional norms that leaves the shells of democracy in place, as their cores are hollowed out. Constitutional crises arrive with sirens and flashing lights. Constitutional rot eats out the floorboards as we watch basketball upstairs.
As both authors note, there is room for optimism: constitutional rot is being zealously battled by a newly activated citizenry, a robust and dedicated press, and by institutions—such as the FBI—that refuse to buckle under the president's assaults on the rule of law. I'd add the courts, which have pretty consistently turned back or delayed Trump's worst initiatives, the kid-superheroes of Parkland, and the faith communities and legal entities that continue to fight for the norms of good government.
As I've suggested before, the real problem with the term constitutional crisis is that it suggests that lawyers or Congress are best situated to fix things. Similarly, the one problem with the notion of “constitutional rot” is the implication that a good plumber, or your uncle's tree guy, can get in under the floorboards and clear it up. But as Wittes and Jurecic correctly caution, we are the plumber and we are the tree guy.
Whether this current constitutional moment proves to be a crisis, or rot, or just a fleeting constitutional bad tooth isn't entirely knowable yet. The Framers would probably tell us that waiting around for history to figure out the answer and give it some legal language isn't the way to respond. Maybe let's just agree to name the thing later, and squelch it right now.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion have completed the signing of former Aston Villa loanee Sam Johnstone.
Johnstone has signed a four-year deal after completing their switch from Manchester United.
The fee was undisclosed but is believed to be in the region of £6m.
They have spent the last season and a half on loan with Albion's rivals Villa in the Championship.
The 25-year-old stopper, who also had a loan spell at Walsall, is the first signing of the Darren Moore era.
Villa were keen to take Johnstone back to Villa Park next season, but their financials issues cleared the way for Albion.
 They are set to be the Baggies No.1 with Ben Foster expected to follow Boaz Myhill out of the exit door after refusing to jon the club's pre-season tour in Austria.
Johnstone said: “I'm happy to be here. I've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things.
“It's good to get through the door. I've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end back at Manchester United or going somewhere else.
“Now it's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here.”
MAF's new venture?
Former West Brom striker Marc-Antione Fortune is trying to earn a place at Grimsby Town.
The 36-year-old former Baggies striker is traing with the Mariners as they look to gain a deal for the new season.
Grimsby Live report that the club are understood to be running the rule over them at their pre-season training Camp in Warwick.
Fortune has been a regular feature in the Football League over the years after beginning their career in their native France.
They first made the move over to the UK with a loan at West Brom from AS Nancy, before signing for Celtic in 2009.
It proved to be a short stay in Scotland though, with Fortune struggling to impress before heading back to the Hawthorns in 2010.
They scored six times in 63 Premier League appearances for the Baggies in a three-year spell, which also saw them head out on loan to Doncaster Rovers in 2011.
After being released in 2013, Fortune moved down to the Championship with Wigan Athletic, where they helped the Latics to the Play-Offs in their first season before suffering relegation the following campaign.
They then spent a season with Coventry City in League One, scoring four goals in 24 league appearances, before heading to Southend in 2016.
In total, they made 77 appearances in all competitions for the Shrimpers, scoring 10 goals before being released by manager Chris Powell at the conclusion of last season.
Rondon
Besiktas have been offered the chance to sign West Bromwich Albion striker Salomon Rondon, according to reports in Turkey.
A Spor, via Sport Witness, say that Rondon has been offered to Besiktas by their agents and their manager Senol Gunes will now make a decision on a potential move.
Besiktas are in the market for attacking reinforcements as they are reportedly set to lose striker Alvaro Negredo and Vagner Love this summer and sold forward Cenk Tosun to Everton in January.
Rondon has a £16.5million release clause at The Hawthorns and several clubs are considering making a move.
Premier League sides Newcastle United and West Ham have been linked with the Venezuela international, who is understood to have as many as 10 clubs across the continent watching them closely.
Rondon, who joined Albion from Zenit Saint Petersburg for £12m in 2015, scored 10 goals as the club were relegated from the Premier League last season.
West Brom are linked with defender and Wolves fans can't believe it
Their last strike came in the 2-2 home draw with Liverpool in April.
They have scored 28 goals overall for the Baggies in 120 games having scored eight in the 2016/17 season and 10 the campaign before that.
Batth linked
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a shock move for Danny Batth ahead of the new season.
The Daily Mirror write that Batth could be a target for Wolves' fierce rivals, who are looking for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley.
With Ahmed Hegazi and Craig Dawson also wanted by top flight clubs, Albion is in need of reinforcements in the centre-back department.
Batth, who battled with Ryan Bennett for a place in the Wolves starting XI last season, could find their game time restricted further in the Premier League.
Willy Boly has signed permanently and Conor Coady is set to retain their starting spot as Nuno Espirito Santo's men take on the top flight.
Our Wolves columnist Ryan Leister said: "I'd be very surprised if Danny made the move across the Black Country and not just because it's the old enemy.
"He's a popular figure within the club and let's not forget he's been the club captain for the last two promotions, so I'm not sure he's not going to give up on the club now they are finally back in the top flight.
"I'm positive they are more than aware that he'll face additional competition for places next term but for the time being, I'd say he'll keep their head down and take any opportunity when it's given."
Sponsor talk
West Bromwich Albion's kit release has been met with a generally positive reaction - but fans aren't happy about one element of it.
The Baggies revealed their new home strip for the forthcoming Championship campaign after signing a deal with manufacturers Puma earlier this summer.
The clear nod to the iconic wide stripes of the late 1970s, when Ron Atkinson's Albion made waves at home and abroad, has gone down well.
But the sponsor - at least what it looks like on the shirt - hasn't.
Here's what fans have been saying after seeing the new strip for the first time.
Josh Roberts: Love the shirt. Hideous sponsor ruins it. Will probably buy in the Xmas sale!
Then and Now: Anyone knows if I can buy the new top without the sponsor on it?
(Image: Twitter @WBA)
Kristian Grin: I'd take an Asian gambling website sponsor over ‘ideal boilers‘ any day of the week.
Malc Maca: It's capital I capital B, or Capital I small b surely ? In no way should it be small i and capital B ?
Grant Carrington: I like the new kit, retro. Can you buy it without the sponsor?
West Brom U23s: The starlets Darren Moore could turn to this season
The Baggies Bible: Unfortunate that when we are blessed with a decent kit, the sponsor s***s on us all with that filthy logo.
NikkiWBA: Why do our shirts get spoilt by sponsorship logos?
Paul Gould: I like the new WBA kit but the big sponsor ruins it a little
LoweWBA: Hopefully they'll release the shirt without the sponsor.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa froze at the snow-soaked Macron Stadium as they crumbled to a second defeat of the week to leave their automatic promotion hopes hanging in the balance.
Struggling Bolton scored early on through Adam Le Fondre and Villa were unable to recover despite having two glorious opportunities to level.
It means that a Cardiff City win at Derby County tomorrow will as good as extinguish their chances of breaking into the top-two and this punishing week will be remembered for all the wrong reasons.
Temperatures plummeted to minus-two in the middle of March but the weather will be the last of Villa's worries.
Getting back on track after defeats to Bolton and QPR is now of paramount concern as Villa enter the international break.
They were not as bad as the scoreline makes out. They just didn't take their chances.
Jack Grealish set up Lewis Grabban in the first half but they were denied from close-range and after the break Robert Snodgrass put it on a plate for substitute Scott Hogan but once again Ben Alnwick saved.
Villa finished with four strikers on the pitch as Rushian Hepburn-Murphy and Keinan Davis were also introduced but the closing stages were a write-off as Bolton held firm.
Gregg Evans was at the ground. This is how they rated the players,
PLAYER RATINGS
STARTING FORMATION 4-4-1-1
JOHNSTONE, 6
Was alert to save Villa on a couple of occasions with quick-thinking and important blocks. Will be disappointed to concede from a set-piece but it wasn't their fault.
ELMOHAMADY, 5
Not at the races, especially in the first-half. Misplaced passes and left their centre-halves in trouble. Put in one decent cross after the break but it wasn't enough to make a difference.
CHESTER, 5.5
Booked early on for an rash challenge after Elmohamady left them in trouble. Didn't look at it and was breached too often during an unusually uncomfortable day. Stuck at it and did well in the latter stages.
TERRY, 5.5
Exposed a couple of times like Chester but still kept pushing their side on. Made some important blocks and interceptions but couldn't guide their side through.
BREE, 5.5
Did okay on their first league start since September. Looked good going forward and made some clever passes. Very quiet after the break until they saw a diving header kept out in stoppage time.
SNODGRASS, 6.5
Always a threat down the right and from set-pieces. Looked to create whenever they got forward and set up Hogan late on. Booked for a mini-scrap with Henry. Subbed.
BJARNASON, 5
Used to this kind of conditions but couldn't raise their game. At fault for the goal as they left Le Fondre in the box. Took a hefty whack from Taylor
HOURIHANE, 5
Stood out in the snow because of their yellow boots. But other than completing plenty of passes, they were ineffective. Subbed early in the second half.
ADOMAH, 5.5
Tried to get at the defenders and make a difference but couldn't really get going. Cut a frustrated figure as it didn't go for him. Subbed.
GREALISH, 6
Didn't reach the heights of previous weeks but always looked to create. Set up Grabban for Villa's best chance and saw a 30-yard volley tipped over.
GRABBAN, 5.5
Missed a guilt-edge chance in the first-half when they should have done better. Dropped deep to win the ball and never gave up.
Listen to our latest podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
SUBSTITUTES
HEPBURN-MURPHY (for Hourihane, 53), 6
Looked lively and gave Villa another threat but needed to stay calm in dangerous positions.
HOGAN (for Adomah, 73), 6
Had a great chance to level on 77 minutes but was denied by Alnwick.
DAVIS (for Snodgrass, 82), 6
Hardly had a touch as they were introduced late on.
NOT USED: Bunn, Jedinak, Lansbury, Onomah.
OPPOSITION
Bolton (4-2-3-1): Alnwick, Flanagan, Beevers, Burke, Taylor, Osede, Henry, Ameobi, Pratley (Vela, 26) Buckley (Robinson, 81) Le Fondre. Subs: Howard, Noone, Wilbraham, Wheater, Clough.
GOALS
Le Fondre (19) - Bolton
ATTENDANCE: 19,304
REFEREE: Robert Jones
WHO'S NEXT? Hull City (a) March 31, 5:30pm
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A girl who scooped a £1 million fortune with their first EuroMillions ticket wants to sue lottery bosses – claiming they were too young to win .
Jane Park was just 17 when their life changed forever – introducing them to a life of clubbing, holidays and designer shopping sprees.
But now they have claimed their good fortune ruined their life and left them stressed out.
 They are considering legal action against lottery bosses for negligence.
Jane, now 21, claimed someone their age should not have been allowed to win, the Sunday People reported .
Speaking after they denied drink-driving at a McDonald's, they said: “At times it feels like winning the lottery has ruined my life.
“I thought it would make it ten times better but it's made it ten times worse.
“I wish I had no money most days.
“I say to myself: ‘My life would be so much easier if I hadn't won.'
“People look at me and think: ‘I wish I had their lifestyle, I wish I had them money.'
“But they don't realise the extent of my stress.
“I have material things but apart from that my life is empty.
“What is my purpose in life?
“I think 18 should be the minimum age for winning the ­lottery, at the least.
“The current age of 16 is far too young.”
Jane, from Edinburgh, hit the jackpot in 2013.
At the time, they worked as an admin temp for £8 an hour and lived with their mum Linda in a two-bedroom flat on a council estate.
Four years on, they admitted failing to realise the difference the money would make to their life.
Camelot, which runs EuroMillions in the UK, appointed an ­adviser to help Jane ­manage their new wealth.
But Jane, who now owns two properties and calls themselves a developer, said: “I've read about other lottery ­winners who've just blown it all and I can totally see how it can be done.
“I was stuck in front of a financial adviser who was using words like ­investment bonds. I had no clue what they meant.”
Jane splashed out on treats including a Louis Vuitton handbag, an £18,000 purple Range Rover and a chihuahua, Princess, which now lives with their aunt.
They travelled to the US and the Maldives but said they preferred Benidorm and Magaluf.
“I don't go on holiday that much, about four times a year,” they said.
“I wait until my friends can go.
“And although I've been to the Maldives I much prefer Benidorm because nobody is looking down at you.
“You can get as drunk as you want.”
Jane, who calls themselves “Jane Sexual Park” on Twitter, also had £4,500 breast implants when they were 18.
They admitted they would have had more work if surgeons had allowed it.
Last May, Jane was fined £110 for assaulting a nightclub doorman.
Next month, they are to stand trial for being three times over the drink-drive limit in their BMW in a McDonald's drive-through, a charge they strenuously deny.
But Jane can still rely on support from their brothers and sisters – Roxanne, 27, Billy, 19, Gavin, ten and Bradley, one.
Jane has moved back into a small flat with their mum who does everything for her, including their laundry.
But they said: “It's scary how ­different my life is from my friends'.
“When they say they're stressed about money they mean their wages are s**t.
“There's no one in the same boat as me, no-one who really understands.
“I feel like I'm a 40-year-old.”
A Camelot spokesperson said: “An independent financial and legal panel was set up shortly after Jane's win and we put them in touch with another ­winner, who won at the same age, to share their experience.
“We have been in touch with Jane from time to time since their win to ­offer ongoing support. It is always up to the winners as to ­whether they want to take up that support.
“We will continue to support Jane in any way we can if that is what ­decides they want.”
Camelot said the minimum age limit to play the lottery was a matter for Parliament.
By Vincent Ujumadu
EVERYTHING is set for today's primaries of the Chief Victor Oye-led All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, which would take place at the Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Center, Awka.
Oye said, yesterday, that though several forms were made available for governorship aspirants, only Governor Willie Obiano completed and returned the forms. They said 150 statutory delegates would participate at the primaries, including the incumbent governor, who is also the chairperson of the Board of Trustees, BOT, of APGA, the deputy governor, Dr. Nkem Okeke, speaker of the State House of Assembly, Mrs. Rita Maduako, members of the National Assembly from Anambra State elected on the platform of the party, state assembly members, local government chairpeople and members of the National Executive Committee, NEC, of the party from Anambra State.
According to him, altogether, there are 1109 delegates for today's governorship primaries, adding that though only one person had returned the forms, all the necessary procedure must be followed in the selection of the candidate of the party. They also explained that officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, were already on ground for the exercise and expressed optimism that there would be hitch free primaries.
Oye said: “I call the shots in APGA and I am the sole signatory to the party's account. The name, Martin Agbaso, does not exist in any document of APGA and I want the police to arrest them for breaking into my office in Abuja during which money and other vital documents were carted away.”
Velipadinte Pusthakam, the upcoming entertainer marks Mohanlal's first collaboration with director Lal Jose. As per the latest updates, Velipadinte Pusthakam, which is one of the most anticipated films of the year, has finally got a release date.
Reportedly, the Mohanlal movie will hit the theatres as an Onam release, on 31st August 2017. However, lead actor Mohanlal or team members have not made any official confirmation about the release date, yet.
Velipadinte Pusthakam, which is said to be a complete entertainer, features Mohanlal in the role of Prof. Michael Idikkula, the Vice Principal of the popular college in the city. The movie depicts how Prof. Idikkula's arrival changes the campus.
Interestingly, Mohanlal is appearing in three different get-ups for their role in the movie. According to the close sources, Velipadinte Pusthakam is a total surprise package, which will satisfy both the movie lovers and Mohanlal fans.
Anna Reshma Rajan, the Angamaly Diaries fame actor essays the female lead opposite Mohanlal in Velipadinte Pusthakam. Anoop Menon, Angamaly Diaries fame Sarath Kumar, Aanandam fame Arun Kurian, etc., appear in the supporting roles.
Benny P Nayarambalam has penned the screenplay and dialogues. Vishnu Sarma is the director of photography. Shaan Rahman composes the songs and background score. Velipadinte Pusthakam is produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas.
Still, the idea of having a device inserted may cause anxiety for some teen girls, and Di Meglio concedes the procedure can initially be somewhat uncomfortable.
"You get a few pretty intense cramps, but nothing more than you would have with a really bad period," they said. "It subsides pretty quickly and then for the next few days, you might have a few cramps on and off."
Di Meglio said a girl can get an IUD or IUS any time after getting their first period and ideally prior to becoming sexually active. By age 17, about half of Canadian youth are having sex, the CPS says.
"We're not recommending that this be used the minute the kid has their first period, but there are certain benefits in using the hormonal IUS — one of them being that it can reduce the amount of bleeding or also reduce cramping a lot," they said.
"We have even used it for that reason instead of for contraception in kids who have not even had sex."
Andrew Townsend of Planned Parenthood Toronto welcomed the CPS recommendation, saying the clinic gets a lot of questions from young people who "still view the pill as the first kind of birth control that they should start on or that they have to start on.
"Something like IUDs being a recommended option is great because different people have different needs," they said, adding that a growing number of clients being seen in the clinic are opting for the implanted devices. The program provides information and health-care services to those aged 13 to 29.
While intrauterine contraception may be the most effective means of preventing unplanned pregnancy, the up-front costs of the devices are high compared with the pill and other methods, said Di Meglio.
One hormone-releasing IUS that lasts five year costs the Quebec government's prescription plan about $325, while copper-based IUDs run from about $60 to $100, they said. For those not covered under private insurance, the provincial plan covers 65 per cent of the cost of birth control pills and IUDs.
Coverage by public insurance plans varies across the country. In Ontario, for instance, long-acting reversible contraceptives are fully covered for women under age 25, along with the physician's fee for implanting one of the devices.
Di Meglio said that over time, IUDs and IUSs are actually more cost-effective than most other birth-control methods because of how long they last before needing to be replaced.
The CPS statement also recommends that practitioners adopt a collaborative approach that empowers youth to make informed decisions about their birth control options, weighing the benefits, risks, side-effects and suitability of each method based on individual preference.
"At the end of the day, we just want to facilitate whatever contraceptive they choose," Di Meglio said.
— Follow @SherylUbelacker on Twitter.
By Sheryl Ubelacker, The Canadian Press
Seth MacFarlane's new live-action space series, “The Orville,” lifted off to a fast start in its Sept. 10 debut — opening to the biggest scripted-drama numbers for Fox since “Empire”...
Devoted fans of “Friday Night Lights” are still hoping that Texas can actually be forever. Executive producer Peter Berg was on Bill Simmons' (one of those devoted fans) The Ringer...
Courtesy Columbia County Sheriff's Office (NEW YORK) — A high school soccer coach who allegedly ran away with a 17-year-old girl is being extradited to Florida, an official told ABC News Monday.
Rian Rodriguez, 27, had been in custody in upstate Onondaga County, New York, on a Florida warrant for alleged custodial interference since 17-year-old Caitlyn Frisina was found safe in New York with them earlier this month. He's now been released from the Onondaga County Jail to be extradited to Florida, where they live, said Jon Seeber of the Onondaga County Sheriff's Office.
A spokesperson for the Columbia County Detention Facility in Florida confirmed to ABC News that Rodriguez is heading to the jail, but the spokesperson declined to say when they are expected to arrive due to security reasons.
Frisina was reported missing from their Florida home on Nov. 26, sparking a massive search. They and Rodriguez — a family friend and assistant soccer coach at the teen's Florida high school — were found in a car together in Syracuse six days later.
Frisina has since been reunited with their parents.
Chuck Keller, the Syracuse-based attorney representing Rodriguez in New York, told ABC News last week, “I can say that my client maintains their innocence of any charges and has consented to be extradited back to Florida as soon as possible so that they can clear up the matters there.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Although we rarely hear about it, typosquatting has been around for years. The scam is “definitely getting worse,” according to John Breyault, who runs the National Consumers League's Fraud.org website, which recently issued a fraud alert about the scam.
“You may go to a site that looks totally legitimate, but when you enter your Social Security number, bank account number or passwords, you're giving scammers access to those websites where they can transfer funds, set up lines of credit or access your email and start using it for phishing attacks,” Breyault told NBC News.
Researchers recently documented a “vast network of potentially malicious websites … that mimic some of the world's most popular destinations,” according to the website KrebsOnSecurity.com, which investigates cybercrime. Many of these domains — about 1,500 — appear to be tied to a Colorado-based marketing company whose CEO is a convicted felon, Krebs reports.
“I bet there are a dozen or more operators like this out there bringing millions of people into their typosquatting domains,” Brian Krebs told NBC News.
Matthew Chambers, a security expert in Atlanta, discovered and documented a typosquatting network, estimating that these sites were visited nearly 12 million times during the first three months of 2018. That would be almost 50 million hits for the entire year.
And while everyone who lands on such sites won't have a problem, many visitors do get burned by getting lured into a tech support scam, Chambers told NBC News.
“In my testing, a good amount of the time you're redirected to web pages that lock up your computer, display messages that say there's a problem with your computer, and then lead you into this cycle of fraud,” they said.
Don't forget the ‘o' in .com
Chambers started their investigation when some of their clients had problems — endless pop-up ads, including bogus security alerts about malware — after they went to various well-known websites. It turns out that they had forgotten the “o” in .com and had typed .cm, landing on sites such as espn.cm, chase.cm, turbotax.cm, and Walmart.cm. The .cm domain is actually for Cameroon.
“This is just hiding in plain sight,” Chambers said. “I don't think anybody would care much if they were just asking you to take an innocuous survey. But what I've seen is a pattern of malicious websites being served up this way.”
Chambers was able to determine who visited these .cm sites in the first three months of 2018 and they found various government agencies, including NASA, the Department of Justice, and the Central Intelligence Agency. In many cases, a mistyped domain address took these users to porn sites, Chambers noted.
All URL typos can be dangerous
Typosquatting is not limited to omitting the “o” in .com. All sorts of mistakes can send you in the wrong direction. Forgetting the “c” in .com and typing .om can take you to typosquatting sites that use the domain for Oman.
A recent blog post by MacAfee warning about the dangers of typosquatting explained how scammers used the .om domain several years ago to hijack Netflix users. Those who typed in Netflix.om instead of Netflix.com were infected with malware.
“People suck at typing,” said Nicolas Christin, associate research professor at Carnegie Mellon University's School of Computer Science. “You don't pay attention to what you're doing, and you wind up on one of these websites that's impersonating the website you really wanted to go to.”
It's very easy to create a domain name that resembles a legitimate one, but is just one letter or digit off, such as Gmal instead of Gmail.
“It's low cost and high reward. And it does not require any technical expertise whatsoever,” Christin told NBC News. “All you need to do is register the domain name that you're targeting. For any given domain name there are a number of typos that are easy to derive from it.”
For example: Paypak for Paypal because the k and l are next to each other on the keyboard. Or Paypa1 (a former phishing website) because the l and a 1 look so much alike.
Protect Yourself
Typosquatting is a devious practice because security software cannot prevent you from misspelling a web address and browsers will not always provide a warning about dangerous sites. Also, it's not always easy to spot a look-alike site should you accidentally land on one.
“At the end of the day, you need to be careful about what you type and take some simple steps to protect yourself,” Fraud.org's Breyault said.
Fraud.org suggests:
Always double-check the address: Before hitting enter, make sure you did not make a mistake. Taking the time to do so can save you the heartache of having your identity stolen or prevent you from purchasing counterfeit products at inflated prices.
Bookmark your favorite websites: Once you are positive that the address you entered is correct, bookmark it. Doing this will save you the time of proofreading each web address and is particularly worthwhile for websites that have access to your financial information.
Use a search engine: When in doubt, use a search engine rather than guessing the web address. Even then, be careful.
Be wary of links found in social media posts: They can often lead to typosquatters.
If you discover that you have visited a typosquatter's site and you entered passwords on that site, change them right away.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
FRISCO - It was frustrating, Cowboys rookie cornerback Chidobe Awuzie said.
The Cowboys had drafted them in the second round (the famous Drew Pearson trolling pick) of the 2017 draft, ready for the Colorado corner to make an impact in a secondary that had let its veterans leave in free agency. They started training camp strong, intercepting passes in each of the first two practices and nearly grabbing one during the Cowboys' preseason Hall of Fame game.
But then hamstring and ankle injuries shut them down for weeks.
Awuzie made it back in time to play vs. the Giants, then headed to Denver with the team, ready for their debut before more than 50 friends and family. On the first series, they reaggravated their hamstring. They told fellow rookie Jourdan Lewis to get ready. They left the games after five plays.
Awuzie missed the next two games while rehabbing as Lewis and sixth-round rookie safety Xavier Woods began to show up.
"It was hard because I'm watching all my friends and all my teammates making plays," Awuzie said Wednesday after practice. "Week 1, we won so that's all that really matters. I wasn't able to play but we won. But then last week it really hit me that we lost and I wasn't able to contribute and you never know what you could do if you are on that field."
Rookie DB rundown
Player College Round No. pick Tackles PDs INTs Chidobe Awuzie Colorado 2 60 7 0 0 Jourdan Lewis Michigan 3 92 11 2 1 Xavier Woods Louisiana Tech 6 191 7 2 0
It's time to look forward, Awuzie said. They returned to their first practice without restrictions Wednesday and said they were "full go." The icing, drills, three visits a day to the training room paid off.
"I didn't really feel no backlash or anything like that so I'm really excited to see how this week goes," Awuzie said. "Obviously we're still going day by day. If something comes up, something comes up. But if not, I feel like I'm 100 percent."
Another reason for excitement: Awuzie returns to face a quarterback he's long admired in Green Bay's Aaron Rodgers. They use Rodgers as their Madden quarterback and says the playmaker has "that magic factor." Awuzie wants to disrupt that. They don't care where they are on the field, alongside draft classmates Lewis and Woods or vets. They'll be ready, they said.
"All of us, we some young dogs," Awuzie said. "We have that baller mentality - no matter where we are out on the field, we're going to make plays. As you can see Jourdan's played nickel, Jourdan's played corner; X (Xavier Woods) has played safety, X's played nickel; you know I've played dime, I've played corner, some safety.
"We're just going to keep going like that: No matter where we line up, we're going to try to make plays."
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832905","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832905","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832905","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832905","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City are reportedly considering a move for Wes Hoolahan this summer.
The Irishman will become a free agent at the end of the season when their contract at Norwich City runs out. When that happens, it'll end their ten-year association with the Canaries, for whom they have made 350 appearances.
The nimble attacking midfielder, who has more than 40 caps for the Republic of Ireland, has scored more than 50 times for the Norfolk side and will leave a legend.
It's believed that, despite offers, Hoolahan has no intention of returning to play in the League of Ireland just yet as they feel they are fit and good enough to continue in the upper reaches of English football - even at 35.
Hoolahan, who scored a wonderful goal for their nation as they drew with Sweden 1-1 at Euro 2016, is in the thoughts of Garry Monk this summer, reports the Irish Sun .
The veteran said recently: “It's been a great ten years. I've thoroughly enjoyed myself at this club and it's going to be an emotional day on Saturday against Leeds.
“My ten years have been brilliant, with a lot of ups and downs.
“It will be strange to leave this club after ten great years but you have to move on. The fans have been amazing to me, the club have been great and I'm going to miss the place."
Monk has almost confirmed safety and another Championship campaign in their short time at Blues - another result in one or both of their final matches against QPR and Fulham will solidify their status - and will begin preparations for the summer transfer window in the near future.
The boss will look to make their mark on the squad they inherited, built from a mixture of buys from Harry Redknapp, Gary Rowett and Lee Clark.
Selling nicely
Birmingham City are heading towards a sell-out for the final match of the season against Fulham.
With two matches to play, Blues are five points ahead of 22nd placed Barnsley - who have a game in hand - and three ahead of 21st side Bolton Wanderers.
Though Garry Monk would dare suggest it, the win over Sheffield United has at least served to offer Blues some much-needed breathing space between themselves and the dreaded relegation places.
So much so, that the victory over the Blades saw their own odds with the bookmakers to drop into League One rocket over the weekend to 14/1.
Monk will rightly have their players focused on the trip to QPR this weekend, and then the welcoming of the high flying Cottagers who haven't lost a league match since September.
It has the makings of a day in which Bluenoses will be turning out in their numbers, too - and hopefully one that is nowhere near as dramatic as the final days of 2014 and 2017!
Fellaini, Wilshere, Yaya and 56 other freebies available to Birmingham City in the summer transfer window
Blues welcome Slavisa Jokanovic's men on Sunday, May 6, a side who remain hopeful of pipping Cardiff City to the second automatic promotion place.
There could be a capacity crowd, too, with the Tilton Road End already sold out and ticket sales in other parts of the crowd moving along nicely.
Blues' ticketing manager Aamir Javaid tweeted: “The feeling when you find out that the Tilton is now fully sold out for the Fulham game!
“How long before the Kop sells out? Great support Bluenoses!
“Can we sell it out for @GarryMonk and the boys in Royal Blue? #KRO #GreatFans #BCFC
“Kop blocks limited. Block 38 open. Block 39 open. Block 40 open.
“Tickets are selling fast Bluenoses so book now to avoid missing out! Fantastic support from our fans #KRO #BCFC #LOYAL”
Miami Music Week is about to begin, and there are plenty of places get your party on — but one Brickell hotspot is bringing the beats and the booze for free. Deco's checking out a ladies night where 20 is the magic number.
It's a night of music and margaritas, Wednesday nights at Cantina La Veinte.
The Brickell hotspot is serving up a ladies night to remember — just in time for Miami Music Week.
Estefan Romero: “We have the ladies night that's free margaritas from 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. You can choose any flavor you want. You have live DJ sets, so it's an amazing place to have a great time.”
Four DJ's will play throughout the night.
Estefan Romero: “The music is Latin. Also, you have a little house, deep house, techno.”
But the margaritas will take center stage — with every flavor you can think of.
Estefan Romero: “We have coconut, passion fruit, mango.”
Ready to spice up your night?
Check out the jalapeño margarita.
Bartender: “I'm gonna start with the jalapeño margarita. This is Tanteo tequila, 2 ounces, 1 ounce Cointreau, fresh lime juice, a splash of agave, fresh jalapeños.”
Add some spicy salt for a tasty treat from south of the border.
Bartender: “This is the jalapeño margarita from Cantina La Veinte.”
Customer 1: “This is the best margarita you can get in all of Miami.”
Customer 2: “Oh, I come all the time. It's amazing. It's a really nice combination of a really fun party scene downstairs and a really beautiful restaurant upstairs.”
Gold diggers and gold drinkers will love the Golden Margarita.
Customer 3: “For the glam, you must have this margarita. It's got gold in it. I feel golden every time I drink it.”
Looks like Cantina La Veinte just spiced up ladies night.
FOR MORE INFO:
Cantina La Veinte
495 Brickell Ave.
Miami, FL 33131
(786) 623-6135
http://www.cantinala20.com/
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
When a game is part of a series, it can make things easier for both the gamer and the designer. The gamer doesn't need to sit down with a whole new rulebook and read it start to finish every single time they want to learn a new game in the series; once she's done it the first time, it's just about learning the new rules specific to that scenario or volume. And the designer doesn't need to write a whole new rulebook, and I gotta tell you, the less time I have to spend typing in "Movement Points cannot be shared between units or stored from turn to turn", the better.
Beyond the reduction in manual labor, however, the great thing about doing a new game in a series (or, failing that, building a new game using mechanisms and systems from another) is that the foundations are sound. The major problems were solved the first time around. I know what works and what doesn't - most of the time, anyway. I still have a distressing habit of trying an idea that not only doesn't work, but in retrospect, it should have been obvious. There's a reason, for example, why infantry units in the Shot & Shell series max out at three-step counters and not four, but that didn't stop me from trying it in an early version of The Heights of Alma. But as I've said more than once, my process is a lot less about mathematical precision and analysis and more about what feels intuitive, which naturally lends itself to a lot of trial and error. Still, however, that amount of trial and error is greatly reduced when I'm doing the second or third or fourth game in a series.
At the same time, I don't want to say that doing a series game or a sequel is as simple as making a new map or orbat, because I strongly believe that each entry should have its own specific focus or lens. For example, the Shot & Shell rules are really built around the Activation Track, which models all sorts of differences in morale, leadership, and exhaustion. And another focal point for the series is the importance and devastating power of well-positioned defensive artillery.
So every title in the series should, of necessity, work within that framework and those points of emphasis. A battle where those things don't matter - and, okay, I can't really think of a battle where morale, leadership, and exhaustion didn't play a key role, but bear with me here - a battle where those things don't matter is not really a great fit for the series. But beyond that, there is the question of what each specific game brings to the table, and how it is distinctive from the others. For example, the first game in the series, Seven Pines; or, Fair Oaks, is centered on the feasibility of the Confederate attack plan. The second game, next year's The Heights of Alma, is going to get its mileage out of the differences in discipline and quality between the three armies, as well as the definitive advantage provided by the long-range infantry rifle.
Each game needs to have that something - even if it's a subtle something - that gives it a reason to exist, and gives you a reason to buy it and put it on your table. It also gives this schmuck a reason to design it! Finding that special something, giving it the proper emphasis, finding a way to view the entire conflict through that lens - that's not only the fun part of game design, but I dare say it's the most important part.
I've seen plenty of games where folks get the hex scale right and the orbat and the mechanisms are fine, but there's no oomph, no personality, not an ounce of juice. The designer may have gotten the particulars right, but the whole thing is completely lifeless because while they've done the research and the work, they haven't found the heart of the thing. This of course goes for one-and-dones and for series games alike, though I think in the latter it's perhaps more crucial.
Don't whine about the cost to dine.
The average American household spent $3,008 dining out in 2016, an increase from the $2,787 spent the year before, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Millennials are especially likely to eat out, with 54 percent saying they go to restaurants at least three times a week, according to Bankrate data from this year. What's more, with companies like Grubhub, Postmates and Doordash offering food delivery from restaurants, the convenience of outsourcing meals is easier than ever.
That may be one reason that Americans say dining out is the No. 1 thing that busts their budgets every year. If eating out is eating away at your savings, here are five hacks to help stretch your dollars when you dine.
Pay with discounted gift cards
Keep your credit card in your wallet next time you're at a restaurant. Brent Shelton from Dealcrunch tells Moneyish, “Buy gift cards at a discount during the holiday sales. You can find chain restaurant gift cards for as much as 20 percent off retail value at sites like Raise, GiftCards and SlickDeals.” Additionally, wholesale stores like Sam's Club and Costco carry gift cards that can be found at a discount.
Use reservation apps
“Always use OpenTable to make dinner reservations, even if you don't think you need it. You'll rack up points for every reservation and eventually you can cash out for a restaurant voucher,” Lindsay Sakraida, director of content marketing with DealNews tells Moneyish.
Eat during happy hour
Dining early can knock a few dollars off drinks and even more off food items. “Dining at restaurants with a happy hour special can reduce your bill by as much as 15 percent,” says Sakraida.
Sign up for newsletters
“Every restaurant has a slow night and often that falls earlier in the week. Some restaurants offer incentives for customers to come in on those nights. These restaurants might not advertise their deals heavily, but checking their Facebook page or signing up for email newsletters can help you learn about promos,” says Sakraida.
Share plates
Since appetizers are often more affordable, order a couple to fill you up and then share an entrée to soften the cost of the meal. Drink filtered water instead of bottled and if there are enough people at the table, Sakraida suggests sharing a bottle of wine instead of ordering individual glasses. “You can also avoid alcohol markups entirely if you seek out restaurants with BYOB policies. Often you'll be charged a corkage fee, but you'll save significantly on costs even if you opt for a nicer wine,” they say.
Global Grind
NERD and Rihanna should have known they had a hit because the dance challenges to their track “Lemon” started just days after the song was released.
Many have attempted to get down to the NERD beat, but only few have really slayed — and Tamar Braxton is one of them. See for yourself:
But Tay Tay isn't the only one killing the #LemonDanceChallenge. Hit the flip for more slayage.
1 2 3 4 5Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
LEXINGTON, KY (WFLA) — A family in Kentucky was recently forced to finish digging a loved one's grave after they say the cemetery failed to do so in time for the woman's funeral.
Krystina Gilbert, 33, recently died after a long battle with brain cancer. When they died, their family wanted to have them buried near other loved ones.
They expected to lay Gilbert to rest at Athens-Boones Creek Cemetery on Thursday.
But when they arrived at the cemetery for the graveside service, the grave wasn't finished. Relatives tell our NBC affiliate in Lexington they even saw beer bottles at the site.
Krystina's husband Paul and other family members then grabbed shovels and finished digging them grave.
“I mean, so many emotions are going through me. I wanted to cry one minute. I didn't know how to act,” Paul Gilbert said.
Krystina's sister, Heidi Lawson, said it's already hard enough to bury a sibling and this made it even worse.
“It was terrible to sit and watch your sister's coffin sitting there and your family burying her,” they said. “It's not right.”
According to NBC affiliate LEX 18, the cemetery is trying to hire a new grave attendant now and will refund the family's money for the plot.
The manager said they understand why the family is upset and said this isn't the first incident they've had.
Arpan Dixit
Herald Staff
sports@harrodsburgherald.com
The Titans (4-2) suffered another close loss this past week at the hands of the East Jessamine Jaguars (3-3), losing by a final score of 30-27. It was a sluggish first half which saw plenty of possession changes early on.
Senior quarterback Gunnar Gillis threw an interception on the first drive of the game which gave the Jaguars great field position to start their first drive. Gillis was 6/13 with 160 passing yards, one TD and one interception.
The very next play saw the Jaguars fumble, which was recovered by senior defensive back Trevon Faulkner. Faulkner always seems to be at the right place at the right time. In every game this season, Faulkner has either forced a fumble, recovered a fumble or had an interception. They have five interceptions and three fumble recoveries on the season.
Faulkner also makes plays on the offensive side of the ball. The senior hauled in a 72 yard touchdown pass from Gillis to put the first points on the board for the Titans. They went up 7-0 after the extra point by senior kicker Caleb Morrison. The Jaguars stormed right down the field on their next possession and scored on a seven yard touchdown run by senior running back Connor Hearn.
The Titans turned it over on downs their next possession and East Jessamine capitalized quickly. Senior wide receiver DeAnte Sanon caught a 41 yard touchdown pass from East quarterback Cameron Garrett. That put the score at 14-7 at the beginning of the second quarter.
“One thing that's been consistent here for us is we seem to do our best work when our backs are against the wall,” said Buchanan. “Well we're there again. We have good kids and good coaches and we will just keep battling.”
The Titans will be back on the gridiron Friday, Oct. 6, when they travel to West Jessamine in another big district match up. Kick off is set for 7:30 p.m.
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A scheme to regenerate an area of Derby city centre and build hundreds of new homes has received a £3.1 million boost.
The Castleward Urban Regeneration scheme has received the cash from the Government's Housing Infrastructure Fund.
The fund aims to make housing developments viable and get new homes built quicker by providing money for infrastructure projects such as new roads, cycle paths, flood defences and land remediation work, all of which can help pave the way for housing development.
Castleward is a £100 million scheme that is being built over a number of phases. A new boulevard linking Derby Midland Station with the Intu Derby shopping centre has also been created. In all, 800 new homes will be built, creating an “urban village”.
All of the 164 homes which made up the first phase - which had asking prices starting from £100,000 - have now been sold.
Now, attention has been turned to the second phase of the development.
In December, Compendium Living, which is Derby City Council's development partner on the project, submitted detailed proposals to build more than 50 new homes on the site of the former LA Fitness building, which closed in 2016.
It will see the Carrington Street premises make way for 54 homes on the site, made up of 11 houses and 43 flats.
Compendium had initially envisaged that the next phase would also have included redeveloping the Liversage Street car park - but so far it has not yet been able to conclude a deal for the site, which is operated by NCP.
Compendium's managing director Dave Bullock has welcomed the Government's funding boost.
They said: “We are delighted to hear that the city council's bid for Housing Infrastructure Fund support for our continuing work in Castleward has been successful.
“We very much welcome this as recognition of the strategic importance of the project to Derby and of the complexity of large-scale brownfield urban regeneration. We look forward to continuing to develop the new Castleward over the coming years.”
Castleward is one of 133 council-led projects across the country to win a share of £866 million - which represents the first wave of funding from the £5 billion Government pot aimed at tackling Britain's housing crisis.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Victoria Wilcox)
According to the Government, the first instalment of cash should help to kick-start the building of 200,000 new homes.
Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond said: “This marks the first step of the multi-billion pound investment we announced at the Budget to help build the homes our country needs.
“This fund finances vital infrastructure such as roads, schools and bridges, which will kick-start housing development in some of Britain's highest-demand areas."
Housing Secretary Sajid Javid said: “Our priority is building the homes this country desperately needs. This first wave of investment will make a huge difference to communities across the country.”
It is not yet known what the £3.1 million for Castleward will be used for. The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government said it will be working with the local authorities over the coming months to “progress schemes through detailed funding clarification”.
Following the take-over of financial crisis ridden Arik Air by the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria, AMCON, KPMG has been contracted to undertake a forensic audit of the airline.
According to National Daily investigation, the audit will among other things investigate Arik Airlines assets, liabilities, utilization of loans, and propriety of third-party transactions as well as the company's financial position as at January 31, 2017.
Defending its reason for contracting KPMG, the new management under the leadership of Capt Ado Sanusi said it is important for the new management to know the extent of Arik finances. “We have hired KPMG to look into the financials of Arik with a tooth comb and advise us with verifiable facts on what went wrong with the airline. We need to do that because the outcome will help us plug the loopholes and stabilize the airline,” the statement added. The whole intention is to identify what went wrong with Arik to enable the new management to bring it back to full operations.”
Arik Airline which was last week taken over by AMCON following daunting complaints of huge indebtedness of the airline to various creditors, National Daily gathered that its 21 remaining aircraft have either been grounded or gone for C-check in Europe.
It was also gathered it owes its technical partners and also in perpetual default in its lease payments and insurance premium, leading to regular and embarrassing squabbles with different business partners, which accounts for why 21 aircraft is off the fleet for different reasons.
All these problems in addition to huge staff salaries, which have remained unpaid for 11 months; vendors that supply different items to Arik Airlines that are also owed meant that Nigerians may have to tarry-a-while to allow the new management clean up the huge mess at the airline before Arik would finally resume uninterrupted flight.
Already, the new management has discovered that is the airline cannot sustain the magnitude of its operations owing to the rot uncovered in the system, according to revelations; the situation is so bad that only nine aircraft out of the 30 in the fleet of the airlines are operational.
With a solar eclipse anticipated in the United States in a month, NASA and the American Astronomical Society warn that not all solar eclipse viewing glasses are safe. Handout TNS
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Devoleena Bhattacharjee, who rose to fame with their role Gopi Bahu from Saath Nibhana Saathiya, had recently made an announcement of their first album.
The actor wrote, "When devotion took shelter in music, the world got a new reason to croon their glory. I joyously present to you a rendition celebrating their glory. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #Onboardfilms #Musicisdevotion😊🙏🏻😇."
Today (August 14), on the occasion Krishna Janmastami, the actor released the album that is dedicated to their Kanhaji (Lord Krishna). It has to be recalled that on the show as well, the actor was a devotee of Lord Krishna!
Sharing the video and the YouTube link of the song, Devoleena wrote, "On this auspicious day of janmasthmi i am releasing my first album dedicated to my kanhaji."
They further wrote, "Need all your love and support as always for my new journey . First association of Sarthak films entertainment with @onboardfilms many more to come. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #krishan #kanha #DevoleenaBhattacharjee #devotion #spiritual #loveindonesia."
Devoleena's industry friends and their fans have been congratulating and praising the song.
The actor had impressed the fans with their acting skill, and now they have turned a singer!
Did you like the song? Hit the comment box to share your views...
Filmmaker Abhishek Kapoor has dissolved the ongoing matter taking the date issue of Sara Ali Khan.
The matter that came to light was how Sara's dates that were originally blocked for Kedarnath's shoot were the same dates that were given for Rohit Shetty's Simmba. The development created quite a worry amongst the three parties. However much to everyone's relief, the case has been resolved by Abhishek Kapoor.
The Kai Po Che director has figured a way out and has come to a conclusion without having both the films suffer over the date issue.
ALSO READ: Life After Sridevi's Death! Daughter Janhvi Kapoor Opens Up Like Never Before In Them First Interview
Abhishek Kapoor who originally had Sara Ali Khan's dates for Kedarnath's shoot has accommodated the shoot of Sara's forthcoming film Simmba directed by Rohit Shetty too in the same period. Now Sara will be shooting for two films simultaneously with both films being shot on course.
Sources close to the producer revealed, "Abhishek has graciously accommodated Sara's dates for Simmba with the schedule of Kedarnath as they do not want any of the producers to suffer. Sara who was originally supposed to make their debut with Kedarnath will be working on both the films simultaneously now."
A Deccan Chronicle report quoted another source as saying, "Rohit and Gattu had a talk. Ronnie, too, was present at the meeting. The three filmmakers met on Sunday to discuss the matter. Karan (Johar) couldn't be there as he's holidaying in the US. They have come to a mutual agreement."
The nakers of Kedarnath, Abhishek Kapoor's Guy In The Sky and Ronnie Screwala's RSVP will be shooting Kedarnath as scheduled. This solution has surely come in as a big relief to Sara Ali Khan and Rohit Shetty who will now be able to shoot Simba as planned.
ALSO READ: Priyanka Chopra SPOTTED Getting COZY With Nick Jonas On A Yacht, Is Love Finally In The Air?
Chef Mario Batali attends the Food Bank for New York City Can-Do Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on Wednesday, April 19, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP)
Mario Batali is stepping down from daily operations at their restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three who worked for Batali. In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said the complaints match up with their past behavior.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that they were reprimanded and required to attend training.
ABC said Monday that it has asked Batali to step away from the show, "The Chew" while the allegations are investigated.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
How is your 1990s Birmingham City knowledge?
Does it seem like a long time ago, or does it feel like yesterday?!
Well, we've come up with a way to test not only your memory, but your BCFC allegiances.
We've delved deep into the Birmingham Mail picture archives to find a selection of photographs of Blues players from the 1990s.
Some of the St Andrew's old boys will be easily recognisable, others might be a bit more obscure
How well can you remember the players of that decade?
Click the quiz at the top of this piece to see how many of them you can recall.
Test your St Andrew's knowledge by having a go - and remember to share your score on social media.
YouTube ready to add this exciting new feature for web
YouTube is reportedly testing a new feature called picture-in-picture its desktop site. With PiP mode, YouTube users will be able to browse the site while watching a video, by minimising it to a floating window. It lets the user do other things on the website such as scrolling through the feed or look for other videos from the search bar.
This YouTube video feature may seem familiar, as this popular functionality is already present in the YouTube app on Android and iOS.
Also Read : YouTube's new rules: tough but necessary says Google
The PiP feature is available on both Chrome and Safari browsers for some users. In this feature, when a video is played and the user clicks anywhere on the screen, that video player will be reduced to a “sizeable” floating window in the bottom-right corner of the screen. However, it notes that the feature might be restricted to YouTube Red subscribers.
According to the report, users will be able to play/pause, replay, or watch the next clip, with the succeeding clips organised as an overlay – all within the floating window. It adds that while video titles are usually located at the top of the video, the PiP mode will position them to the bottom while the complete playlists will be visible through an icon found in the bottom-right corner.
By Gabriel Enogholase
BENIN — EDO State chapter of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP and its All Progressives Congress, APC, counterpart are in war of words over the state's foreign debt profile.
Vanguard investigations revealed that Debt Management Office, DMO, had ranked Edo State as the third highest debtor to foreign creditors among sub-national governments in Nigeria, with a debt profile of $232.2 million as at December 2017.
The opposition PDP said it showed that the APC government had allegedly thrown the state and its citizens into perpetual indebtedness.
It also accused the state government of allegedly over-burdening the citizens with debts that “generations yet unborn will continue to settle and pay.”
State Chairman, Chief Dan Orbih, said: “Our information shows that we (Edo) are second (the highest debtor). I think I need to reconcile what we have with the DMO so that we will see that, actually, Edo is number two.
“It shows clearly what we have been saying over the past nine years of the APC government. It (APC) has thrown the state into a bottomless pit of debt that generations yet unborn will continue to settle and pay.
“The current governor played a leading role in incurring this debt for no just cause. It is clear that the mismanagement of state resources under the (Adams) Oshiomhole and (Godwin) Obaseki administrations has put us in this sorry state.
“I wish to remind you that Obaseki was the head of Oshiomhole's economic team, a team that facilitated and negotiated most of the debts that have now plagued the state. It is sad that they have thrown us into this sorry state of indebtedness because the problem is not scarce resources but mismanagement of resources.
“From the time of Oshiomhole till date, the APC government takes an average of N500 million every month for undisclosed urgent security challenges. So, when they mismanaged our money they resorted to borrowing.”
APC reacts
However, reacting to the PDP's claim, state Chairman of APC, Mr Anselm Ojezua, said: “The DMO statistics include debts that were incurred even before the APC got into office in this state. They include the ones that were incurred by the PDP government.
“But one thing I want to let you know is that all the loans we have taken as APC (government) in Edo State have all been directed to capital projects and infrastructure.
“All the debts that we will eventually incur will be those that can be used to boost the economy of our state and human resources, not to pay salaries and claims, as is the tradition of the PDP.”
It was the first known pedestrian fatality from a driverless vehicle on a public road.
While autonomous cars are expected to ultimately be safer, they face a serious challenge in trying to match the human ability to adjust for unpredictable driving or behavior. In this case, the woman was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk.
____
Photo
3. Some of the targets of President Trump's insult-laden attacks are striking back.
Among them are James Comey and Andrew McCabe, whose firings from the F.B.I. by Mr. Trump are being examined by the special counsel. John Brennan, a former C.I.A. director, used particularly harsh language, responding to a Trump tweet this way: “When the full extent of your venality, moral turpitude, and political corruption becomes known, you will take your rightful place as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin of history.”
Above, the president in New Hampshire on Monday.
Here's what we know about Mr. McCabe's firing last week, and The Daily podcast talks to Matt Apuzzo, our reporter following Mr. Trump's attacks on the F.B.I.
_____
Photo
4. Austin, Tex., is on high alert as the police search for a “serial bomber” responsible for four explosions this month, including one on Sunday night.
Here's a quick rundown of the blasts, which have killed two people and hurt four others.
The latest explosion came hours after law enforcement officials made an unusually direct appeal to the perpetrator of the first three blasts.
_____
Photo
5. A 31-year-old college dropout may be in line to become Italy's next prime minister.
The unlikely rise of Luigi Di Maio, above at center left, reflects the country's newly turbulent politics. There is a very real possibility that their Five-Star Movement, which won a stunning victory in recent elections, will ally with the anti-immigrant, hard-right League.
In the U.S., another political newcomer wants to shake things up: Cynthia Nixon, an education activist known for their acting in “Sex and the City,” will challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
_____
Photo
6. Six months after two big hurricanes blitzed through the Caribbean, our Travel desk sent writers there to measure the recovery.
They report from Vieques; St. Martin; St. John; and Dominica, above. Our story from San Juan will be posted Tuesday.
Despite the pain, some found notes of hope. “If you take the long view, Vieques will end up better off,” a biologist there said. “We have a chance to create tourism that's more community-oriented, more nature-oriented, that can preserve and conserve the island, that's more sustainable.”
_____
Photo
7. Player trades have an enormous role in professional sports. They shake up teams, excite fans and make or break front offices' reputations.
But now they could be a lot more expensive. A single word in the Republican tax law — “real” — may prevent sports organizations from avoiding taxes when they exchange players. Above, Justin Verlander.
_____
Photo
8. A sweeping new study shows the punishing effects of racism on black boys.
White boys who grow up rich are likely to remain that way. But black boys raised at the top are more likely to become poor as adults than to stay wealthy. And that gap is not replicated for white and black girls.
In Minneapolis, school officials are struggling to figure out why the district suspends an inordinate number of black students compared with white ones.
_____
Photo
9. “People really only feel safe when men do the angry comedy … I do it and I'm just an angry lesbian ruining all the fun and banter.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That's the voice of Hannah Gadsby, an Australian stand-up comedian who has channeled the righteous anger of the #MeToo movement. Our columnist writes that “the laughs of their show are a means to an end, which is, at its core, a ferocious attack on comedy itself.”
Mocking the saying that comedy is the best medicine, they say: “I reckon penicillin might give it a nudge. Your baby is sick? Just give it a tickle.”
Market Snapshot View Full Overview
_____
Photo
10. Finally, here's a positive story about internet sleuthing.
This half-century-old photo is of 38 scientists, 37 of them men. The only person not named for all this time was a young black woman, partly obscured above at center left.
An illustrator doing research for a book asked Twitter for help. The move paid off: Sheila Minor Huff, now 71, is a retired grandmother of five who lives in Virginia and does a bit of belly dancing.
They aren't especially bothered about going unnamed. “It's kind of like, no big deal,” they said. “When I try to do good, when I try and add back to this wonderful earth that we have, when I try to protect it, does it matter that anybody knows my name?”
Have a great night.
_____
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story The Evening Briefing by Email Get a nightly rundown of the day's top stories, delivered to your inbox every Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don't miss Your Morning Briefing. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning.
Want to catch up on past briefings? You can browse them here.
What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Keone Kela celebrates with catcher Juan Centeno after recording the final out of a 7-4 victory over the Seattle Mariners at Globe Life Park on Sunday, April 22, 2018, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Ballzy podcast hosts Kevin Sherrington, David Moore and Evan Grant are back to discuss all things Rangers. Here are some highlights from their conversation, edited for clarity.
Can't see the podcast? Click/tap here.
What is the big roster move at the deadline?
Kevin Sherrington [9:47]: "What's going to be the big roster move at the trade deadline for the Rangers?"
Evan Grant: "Well... are you saying aside from trades?"
KS: "I'm going to open the parameters here Evan so you can answer... I know it's difficult for you to come up with one."
EG: "Look I think come the trade deadline they're going to be looking to deal just about every veteran piece that they can deal -- and that's Cole Hamels, that's Adrian Beltre, that's Jake Diekman. I wouldn't be surprised if they entertained offers including Keone Kela because they have demonstrated some value this year as a closer. Or a late-inning guy. And certainly a team like Cleveland is really struggling in its bullpen and could use some more arms out there... The Astros' Ken Giles experience really isn't going all that well. But I think it's going to be addition by subtraction for a better term because they're going to make trades.
LONDON — Prince Charles said Tuesday it is a “great joy” to be a grandfather once again with the birth of a third child for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
The duchess gave birth to the 8-pound, 7-ounce (3.8 kilogram) boy Monday morning at St. Mary's Hospital in London. The new prince is a younger brother to 4-year-old Prince George and Princess Charlotte, who turns 3 next week.
Charles said in a statement that “it is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them.”
As the new family of five spent time at home at Kensington Palace, the birth was marked Tuesday by bell ringing at Westminster Abbey and gun salutes in Hyde Park and at the Tower of London.
The new baby is a sixth great-grandchild for Queen Elizabeth II and is fifth in line to the throne after Charles, father Prince William and their two older siblings.
William and Kate have not yet disclosed the name of the infant prince. Bookmakers say Arthur is the favourite in betting, followed by James and Albert.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The average home in Britain now costs £211 per square foot - an increase of £44 or 26% over the past five years, according to analysis from a property website.
Homes in Kensington and Chelsea in London are typically priced at £1,382 per square foot - making this the most expensive area in the research from Zoopla.
At the other end of the spectrum, Blaenau Gwent in South Wales was found to offer buyers the most space for their money - with an average price per square foot of £79, followed by Burnley in Lancashire at £87 per square foot.
East Ayrshire in Scotland and Merthyr Tydfil in South Wales were also found to be areas where home buyers are likely to be able to make their budgets stretch further.
Outside London, Surrey's Elmbridge is the most expensive area of Britain, with properties there costing £495 per square foot, followed by St Albans in Hertfordshire at £489 per square foot, according to Zoopla, which used figures from property analysts Hometrack for the research.
Meanwhile Slough was identified as having seen a particularly high growth rate in prices, with the average price per square foot having surged by 64% or £145 over the past five years, to reach £374.
The popular commuter area of Stevenage has also seen a jump of 59% or £105, with homes there now priced at £282 per square foot on average.
Meanwhile, in Hartlepool in the North East of England, the average house price per square foot has decreased by £7 over the past five years to reach £102.
Within London, the east has seen the sharpest price rises over the past five years, with the average house price per square foot in Newham now at £422 - an 86% increase.
Lawrence Hall, a spokesperson for Zoopla, said: "Analysing property prices per square foot is an effective way of seeing where you can achieve the most space for your money and can help steer you to areas you may want to focus your property search on, depending on your budget.
"The Home Counties have performed very well since 2012 in addition to some London boroughs, such as Newham and Waltham Forest, which have seen increases of over 80% per square foot.
"This is no doubt in part due to the significant investment regenerating the area for the London Olympics."
Here
(Image: Andrew Matthews/PA Wire)
are the average house prices per square foot across Britain, according to Zoopla and Hometrack, with the increase over the past five years in cash and percentage terms:
1. London, £496, £175, 54%
2. East of England, £269, £74, 38%
3. South East, £309, £82, 36%
4. South West, £223, £41, 23%
5. East Midlands, £164, £28, 20%
6. West Midlands, £173, £26, 18%
=7. Scotland, £137, £14, 11%
=7. North West, £147, £15, 11%
9. Yorkshire and the Humber, £146, £13, 10%
10. Wales, £137, £12, 9%
11. North East, £124, £4, 3%
Here are Britain's most expensive local areas per square foot outside London, according to Zoopla and Hometrack, with the average house price per square foot:
1. Elmbridge, £495
2. St Albans, £489
3. Three Rivers, £458
4. Hertsmere, £455
5. Epsom and Ewell, £450
6. Cambridge, £442
7. South Buckinghamshire, £433
8. Chiltern, £433
9. Mole Valley, £428
10. Windsor and Maidenhead, £426
And here are the 10 least expensive local areas per square foot according to Zoopla and Hometrack, with the average house price per square foot:
1. Blaenau Gwent, £79
2. Burnley, £87
3. East Ayrshire, £91
4. Merthyr Tydfil, £94
5. North Ayrshire, £96
=6. Neath Port Talbot, £97
=6. Na h-Eileanan an Iar, £97
8. Rhondda Cynon Taf, £98
9. Hyndburn, £99
10. County Durham, £101
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island Pause
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
1:08 Damaged Oroville Dam spillway undergoes more water releases
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
An 18-year-old herdsman, Mohammadu Suraju, whose cattle destroyed a N4 million cassava farm, on Wednesday appeared before an Ado Ekiti Chief Magistrates' Court.
The accused is facing a charge of destruction of farm crops.
The Police Prosecutor, Insp Johnson Okunade, told the court that the accused committed the offence on May 15 at Igede Farm Settlement.
They alleged that the accused unlawfully grazed their cattle on the farmland belonging to Mr Andy Ochumba and destroyed cassava valued at N4 million.
The offence contravened ‎Sections 2 and 7 of the Prohibition of Cattle and other Ruminants Grazing in Ekiti State (as amended) of 2018.
The prosecutor had requested the court to remand the accused and asked for adjournment to enable them ‎to study the case file and present their witnesses at the next hearing date.
The accused pleaded not guilty to the charge and their lawyer, Mr Chris Omokhafe, urged the court to grant them bail with a promise that they would be of good conduct and would not jump bail.
Magistrate Adesoji Adegboye, in their ruling, granted the accused bail in the sum of N250,000 with one surety in like sum.
They adjourned the case until July 13 for hearing.
Public health officials are warning passengers who recently flew from India to Vancouver or passed through the local airport that they may have been exposed to measles.
An infectious individual is known to have taken two flights last month, first from New Delhi to Guangzhou, from Guangzhou on to Vancouver.
Those who took China Southern flights CZ 3028, which departed June 23 at 11:55 a.m., or CZ 377, which departed June 24 at 12:50 a.m., may have come in contact with the virus.
In addition, BC Centre for Disease Control said anyone who was at the Vancouver International Airport on Saturday, June 23 after 9:30 p.m. should be wary.
As some of the passengers and flight crew may have travelled on to other destinations in Canada, the BCCDC is also warning Canadian and Pacific Northwest public health officials of the case.
Travellers are asked to check their immunization status. The majority will be immune, but those including infants and people who haven't been given the vaccine are at risk.
Measles are highly infectious, and can be passed on when a person with the virus breathes, coughs or sneezes. The virus can live in closed areas such as bathrooms for as long as two hours after an infected person has left, health officials say.
Symptoms can show up between a week and three weeks after exposure – in this case by about July 15.
Those symptoms include fever, cough, runny nose, red eyes and a rash that starts in the centre of the body and face and spreads to limbs. The rash lasts at least three days.
Anyone who may have been exposed and develops the above symptoms is asked to contact their doctor and inform them they may have measles. Doctors will arrange to see patients in a way that avoids potentially spreading the virus to others at the facility.
Those who are concerned but don't have symptoms can call 811 and speak to a nurse.
Anyone born after 1970 should have received two doses of the measles vaccine, which is often given as a combined measles, mumps, rubella vaccine (MMR). Canadians born after 1970 and before 1994 may have only received one dose, and should get a second.
Those born prior to the '70s are likely to be immune due to prior infection, and those who have had both doses should also be protected.
The BCCDC also advised those planning to travel abroad to review their immunization records before leaving. There has been a resurgence of measles in the last several years, including in Western Europe.
By Emmanuel Okogba
The Wroclaw camp of the Super Eagles came to live Monday night with the arrival of some players ahead of the international friendly against Poland on Friday.
The likes of Alex Iwobi, Troost Ekong and Leon Balogun were among the early Eagles as revealed by the official Twitter account of the team.
Our camp ahead of Friday's pre World Cup friendly vs Poland at the Municipal Stadium, Wroclaw, Poland opened today.
Troost Ekong, Alex Iwobi, Ola Aina, Tyronne Ebuehi, Brian Idowu and Leon Balogun were the early ‘eagles'.#SoarSuperEagles. — 🇳🇬 Super Eagles (@NGSuperEagles) March 19, 2018
A total of 28 players are expected to be in camp for the two international friendly matches against Poland on 23rd and Serbia on 27th.
Those already in camp include: Troost Ekong, Alex Iwobi, Ola Aina, Tyronne Ebuehi, Brian Idowu and Leon Balogun
Vice captain Ogenyi Onazi and John Ogu are expected to be among the next batch as both players revealed on social media that they were already on their way to camp.
It is most likely that team manager, Gernot Rohr will pick their 23-man for the world cup from the invited 28.
PRESS RELEASES
19 March 2018 – Singapore: The largest global sports media property in Asian history, ONE Championship™ (ONE), has just announced the inaugural event of Rich Franklin's ONE Warrior Series, which will be held in Singapore on 31 March. The live spectacle features prospects signed on during the show who will compete in professional bouts to earn a contract with ONE Championship exceeding US $100,000+ based on performance.
Rich Franklin, Vice President of ONE Championship and CEO of ONE Warrior Series, stated: “It is my honor to announce the first ONE Warrior Series event to be held in Singapore. We've visited many great Asian nations over the past few months and now have a solid group of competitors readies to earn their time in the spotlight. Asia is the hotbed of the industry's top martial arts prospects. I have enjoyed taking in all that Asia has to offer, while discovering some of the most promising young talent on this side of the world. ONE Championship and ONE Warrior Series will continue to search for the region's best martial artists and give them a platform to showcase their skills to the world.”
Rich Franklin's ONE Warrior Series is a new travel series talent search which runs in 30-minute episodes. The show aims to discover new martial arts talent across Asia, providing promising young athletes with the platform to unleash their martial arts greatness. Franklin, who serves as the show's host, travels across the Asian continent with co-host Jonathan Fong, searching for talent, experiencing local cultures and testing their boundaries.
The screening and tryouts process consists of pad sessions, grappling demonstrations, conditioning exams, and an interview process, among others. Once selected, athletes will compete in professional bouts with a chance at earning a contract with ONE Championship exceeding US $100,000+ based on performance. The episodes of Rich Franklin's ONE Warrior Series are available on ONE Championship's YouTube channel at https://www.youtube.com/user/OneFCMMA
For more updates on ONE Championship, please visit www.onefc.com, follow us on Twitter and Instagram @ONEChampionship, and like us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/ONEChampionship.
About ONE Championship™
ONE Championship is the largest global sports media property in Asian history. Headquartered in Singapore, ONE Championship is the home of martial arts and is the world's largest martial arts organization, hosting bouts across all styles of martial arts such as Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Karate, Kung Fu, Silat, Sanda, Lethwei, Mixed Martial Arts, Tae Kwon Do, Submission Grappling, and more. The world's most exciting martial arts organization hosts the largest sports entertainment events across Asia, featuring some of the world's best martial artists and world champions, all signed to exclusive contracts, on the largest media broadcast in Asia. In addition to its digital platforms, ONE Championship broadcasts to over 1.7-billion potential viewers across 136 countries around the world with some of the largest global broadcasters, including Fox Sports, ABS-CBN, Astro, ClaroSports, Bandsports, Startimes, Premier Sports, Thairath TV, Skynet, Mediacorp, OSN, and more.
Media Contact:
Loren Mack, ONE Championship
(e): L.mack@onefc.com
(m): +65 9771 5617
@LorenONEFC
Comments
A central pillar of Rep. Devin Nunes' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI -- that the government did not disclose the political bias of a source when seeking a surveillance warrant -- is unfounded, the Washington Post, New York Times and Wall Street Journal have reported.
President Donald Trump on Friday declassified a memo spearheaded by the California Republican that alleges the FBI abused its authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
The GOP memo claims that ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, who authored a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump that was used in the FISA warrant application, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations -- including that research that went into the dossier was funded in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee. The memo alleges that those motivations were not included in the FISA application, and that senior Justice Department officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
"Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials," the memo alleges.
But according to an official cited in the Post on Friday, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the matter's sensitivity, the Justice Department presented "ample disclosure of relevant, material facts," to the FISA court, including that "the research was being paid for by a political entity."
The New York Times also reported Friday that the FISA court was told about political motivations behind the dossier. A Democratic memo written to rebut the allegations in Nunes' document said the FBI did, in fact, tell the court that the information in the Steele dossier was politically motivated, even if the bureau didn't mention that research that went into the dossier was paid for by Democrats, the Times reported, citing two people familiar with the Democratic memo.
The Wall Street Journal further reported that, according to a person familiar with the matter, the FISA application disclosed that Steele was paid by a law firm working for a major political party,
Steve Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, tweeted Saturday that the news reports served as "proof that the #mehmo deliberately misrepresented the record to make the #FISA application look shadier than it was" and called the revelations "(f)atal to the memo's entire premise."
"I don't find these reports at all surprising, because it would've been the responsible thing for the government to say, especially if, as appears to be the case, there was a lot of additional evidence not derived from the dossier that was part of the underlying application," Vladeck later said in an email. "It all just further undermines not just the specific conclusions of the Nunes memo, but the larger point it's being invoked by the President and their supporters to make."
The Nunes memo -- the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia -- has drawn criticism from Democrats as well as some Republicans, who say it is politically motivated, and also from the FBI, which warned it omitted key facts that could affect its veracity.
There are currently multiple investigations looking into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election, including a probe by the House Intelligence Committee, on which Nunes serves as chairperson.
On Saturday morning, Trump tweeted about Nunes' memo, saying it "totally vindicates" him, and called the Russia investigation "an American disgrace!"
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump wrote. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
In this Aug. 9, 2017, photo, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is interviewed by The Associated Press in their office at the Education Department in Washington. It's been six months since their bruising Senate confirmation battle, and DeVos remains highly divisive. Jacquelyn Martin AP Photo
Photo: Zoe Meyers / USA Today
By Jon Wiederhorn
Kendrick Lamar and The Weeknd's collaboration for the Black Panther soundtrack, “Pray For Me,” has arrived and it's musically and lyrically inspiring as it addresses pain, struggle and politics.
Related: Kendrick Lamar Reveals ‘Black Panther' Soundtrack
“Pray For Me” starts with a murky electronic beat and minor key keyboards, which are belied by The Weeknd's euphoric vocals. About a minute and a half into the song Lamar steps up with an energetic, impassioned verse and the track becomes more confrontational.
“I fight pain and hurricanes, today I wept/ I'm trying to fight back tears flat on my doorstep/ Life in living Hell, puddles of blood on the streets/ shooters on Capitol Building, government ain't a relief.”
Listen to “Pray for Me” below:
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today hailed the Centre's decision to raise the MSP of kharif crops and described it as a “historic and great step” towards doubling the farmers' income.
Talking to reporters in Mumbai, Fadnavis thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for fulfilling the promise of giving farmers' minimum support price 1.5 times higher than the production cost.
They said the announcement of increase in MSP of all major crops for 2018-19 was historic. “1.5 times MSP of production cost will bring huge relief to our farmers. It is a great step towards doubling farmer's income,” they said.
State Agriculture minister Sadabhau Khot also welcomed the moved.
Talking to reporters outside the Assembly, Khot said, “It is a historic decision and a big step towards stopping farmers' suicides. The crops will now get a good price and the farmer will be able to cover their cost of production.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — An Illinois man known for honoring the victims of mass shootings around the country installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip on Thursday.
Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to install the crosses on a patch of grass near the iconic “Welcome to Las Vegas” sign, not far from the site of the Route 91 Harvest country music festival where 58 people were killed on Sunday night.
Zanis, a 66-year-old retired carpenter, made their first cross 20 years ago when their father-in-law was killed.
“That just changed my life,” Zanis said. “My first cross was for somebody that I loved. And when I put up these crosses here, I always think of my personal loss here too. Always.”
Zanis has become well-known for erecting more than 20,000 of the markers over the past two decades, including after the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and the massacre at an Orlando nightclub.
.@LVMPD officers are delivering white crosses with hearts to the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign. pic.twitter.com/Y42dPzl0UZ — Jackie Valley (@JackieValley) October 5, 2017
The crosses, which Zanis said took them two days to cut and paint, feature a red heart.
They plan to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims.
To donate to Zanis' Vegas crosses fund, click here.
KINSTON, N.C. (WNCT) – The city of Kinston is preparing for phase two of the Queen St. project, which has been progressing over the past few months through downtown Kinston.
Kinston Assistant Public Services Director Steve Miller said the city awarded the project to T.A. Loving for $1.9 million. The second phase of the project will mainly entail replacing old, failing, sewer pipes with new ones.
Miller said those pipes are more than 100 years old and are leaking, ultimately costing the city money.
“If you have high ground water, like all the rain we've had lately, ground water tables will come up, if you have cracks then that water will enter the pipe and it will be sent to your treatment plant, so you'll treat more water than you really need to,” they said.
The second phase of the project will require lanes to be closed, and detours will be posted as needed.
The project still needs state approval. If granted, Miller said they hope to have the project started in September, and complete in April or May 2018.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Pedro breaks Leicester hearts as they score the winner in extra-time, after Jamie Vardy had equalised late into the 90 minutes.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. -- An Independence family lost everything in a fire, only to discover their insurance policy expired the day before.
In fact, they were trying to come up with the money needed to renew it after premiums went up. Now, they're struggling through a hard-learned lesson.
“It was unbelievable. It went from a fire we could probably put out or deal with. You think 'OK, maybe it's just the garage, maybe it's localized.' You just see it keep going, then realize everything is gone,” Tim Franklin said.
Franklin, their wife, their three kids and seven pets all escaped from their Independence home after a fire started around 3 a.m. Saturday.
“The inspector went out today and determined it was on the verge of a full loss,” Franklin said. “All of our sentimental stuff, all of our clothes, all of our electronics -- everything is gone. We literally have nothing.”
The fire started in the garage and spread. Investigators are still trying to determine what caused it.
“It's our luck. It's unreal. It's just heartbreaking. It really is,” Franklin said.
The metro father said premiums had gone up, and they were trying to come up with the money to renew their insurance policy.
“We were told it was fine, so I called in the actual claim, and the person I submitted the claim with said it was fine, took all the information, passed it on. And not until the actual fire claims representative called me back did we find out that it had expired at midnight on the 20th,” Franklin said. “It would just be nice if there was a little compassion. I know big companies become machines, and they have very strict rules, but it would be nice if there was a little human compassion element to the story. Maybe we could cut you a break.”
Insurance companies recommend checking your policies regularly to make sure everything is up to date. It's also the perfect time to see if you have the right coverage for your home and belongings -- and even ask for a price reduction if you think you're paying too much.
The Franklins are staying with family and friends as they try to start over. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family financially.
GRAHAM, Wash. (AP) – Authorities say two teenagers who were arrested in connection with a double shooting last week outside a high school near Tacoma will be released pending further developments in the case.
KOMO-TV reports the Pierce County Prosecutor's Office said Monday no charges have been filed and the two suspects would be released after a 72-hour hold.
Investigators say those suspects were with another person who fired the shots that wounded two students outside Graham-Kapowsin High School on Tuesday.
The shooter and a fourth suspect remain at large.
Authorities say the shooting happened at the site of a prearranged fight between one of the suspects and another Graham-Kapowsin student.
The Pierce County Sheriff's Office says dash camera video shows the getaway car, with the four suspects inside, leaving the scene.
The investigation is ongoing.
—
MILWAUKEE — Right-hander Alex Reyes was activated from the 60-day disabled list by the St. Louis Cardinals after recovering from Tommy John surgery and was set to start against Milwaukee in their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings. Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta.
23-year-old right-hander, Reyes was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. They struck out 44 in 23 innings.
Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis before Wednesday's game and right-hander Dominic Leone, out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation, was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process — the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. They lost their job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on their longtime trainer and their "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Dan Gelston, The Associated Press
Trump's hateful “shithole countries” comments about Haiti and African nations have unsurprisingly led to division in the Republic National Committee. Ada Fisher, an African-American member from North Carolina, recently denounced the president's blistering remarks as “unhelpful” to the party on Thursday, Politico reported.
Fisher called out Trump's comments as racist, but unfortunately, they were met with resistance within their own group during a private RNC members breakfast on Thursday.
RNC member says barring immigration from Haiti, Africa is ‘racist': Ada Fisher, a Republican National Committeewoman from North Carolina, says it's "racist" to seek to bar immigrants from Africa and Haiti. https://t.co/judb1NY2yr #Politics #TheResistance pic.twitter.com/LMdGc6f7Vl — CITIZENS for CHANGE™ (@cfcpac) February 2, 2018
Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel readied a strong defense of Trump based on the president's denial of the comments. They also disputed Fisher's point on the grounds that “differing accounts” exist about Trump's meeting. They dealt another blow to Fisher in absolving Trump of guilt because they didn't hear the words come out of the president's mouth.
Members have touted a strong unity within the RNC—however, whatever solidarity may exist appears to be quickly unraveling. At this point, the group's best course of action is damage control.
Fisher tried to turn down the heat by reserving comment after the event. “What goes on in the members-only breakfast is confidential for the members only and I will not dignify any breach of that confidence by any member with a response,” they said to Politico.
The division within the RNC is sure to be of interest to Democrats, especially as talk grows over a possible Trump impeachment. The president has rained down attacks on the Democrats, having issued another one at the RNC's winter meeting at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. on Thursday night, The Hill reported. Trump mocked the Democrats “resisting” him.
Democrats may just use the dissension in the RNC to their advantage to oust Trump. Folks, stay tuned.
SOURCE:
Not Today, Satan: Black Trump Supporter Attacks The Congressional Black Caucus
Photo Of Black Women ‘Worshiping' White Woman Stirs Racial Controversy On Instagram
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tim Sherwood bounced into Aston Villa with a bubbly, infectious personality that threatened to rip up the script forever.
Their achievements - keeping Villa in the Premier League in 2014/15 and guiding them to an FA Cup Final - are often overlooked.
Remember, Villa were heading out of the division under sacked Paul Lambert in the early months of 2015.
Christian Benteke couldn't buy a goal, the fans had started to lose faith and three crunch cup games had to be negotiated before the final at Wembley.
But Sherwood turned it around, saving Villa from the drop and getting the best out of the under-performers in the process. They even got a decent display out of Charles N'Zogbia!
So did they get the credit that they deserved?
Gregg Evans reports:
BEFORE VILLA
A Premier League winner and England international as a player.
Sherwood was a dynamic midfielder who grabbed their fair share of goals during their dominance in the centre of the park.
Remembered for their long blonde locks, the middle man lit up the top-flight for Blackburn and went on to perform admirably for Tottenham.
It was at White Hart Lane where they would get their first taste of management, replacing Andre Villas Boas.
Sherwood did their time in the trenches at the Spurs academy.
They helped bring through the likes of Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb, and Ryan Mason among others.
In fact it was Sherwood who stopped Spurs selling Kane when they were ready to offload him.
When Emmanuel Adebyaor was under-performing, it was Sherwood who fired them into life, too.
But they always felt, in their own words, that they were like a ‘supply teacher' at the club as their future was always in the spotlight.
Maurico Pochettino eventually replaced them and after a number of interviews for jobs elsewhere, Sherwood landed the top job at Villa.
WHEN They ARRIVED
Sherwood was appointed as Villa boss in February 2015 with a very specific brief - keeping the club in the division.
The FA Cup wasn't seen as a priority, although it quickly helped Villa build momentum, even if the final was the most one-sided in modern history.
Villa were in the relegation zone, had failed to win in 10 games before their arrival, and were the lowest scorers in the division.
“We will play with less fear,” they said.
“I want six wins, that will take us to 40 points, although I don't think we will need that many to be safe.”
They were right, Villa amassed 38 points and stayed up.
At their unveiling, Sherwood spoke about getting the best out of the patchy Benteke.
“He probably needs a goal for their confidence. If they score goals that will breed confidence and more will follow.”
Eleven of the Belgian's 13 league goals that season came under Sherwood.
And when asked about returning to White Hart Lane, the boss said:
“I'll be excited to go back there but I'll only enjoy going back there if we win. I think it's been a tough ground for Aston Villa but we've got to get those tough grounds out of our mind.”
Villa won thanks to a goal from Benteke.
Not a bad job eh?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHAT ELSE DID They SAY?
On their arrival they said:
“It's a fantastic opportunity and huge football club.
“When I got the call it was a no brainer and I said yes first and we'll negotiate afterwards.
“When I took over at Tottenham the brief from Daniel Levy was, ‘can we be a bit more attractive and can we score a few more goals?' - I ticked that box.
“I used Adebayor as the catalyst for that and we pretty much revolved all our play around them and it's possible it could be similar here. I will send out attacking teams whenever we play.
WHAT THE BOARD SAID
CEO Tom Fox
“We're really pleased that Tim has decided to join the club.
“Tim had a fantastic career at Tottenham, not only in their brief spell as first-team manager but, just as importantly, in the role they played in developing young talent.
“We are determined to build a football operation with a long-term vision and a commitment to youth development.
“We strongly believe Tim has the qualities to get the best out of our current squad and help us build and develop for the future.”
Chairman Randy Lerner
“While being forever conscious of the frustrations that we all suffer, we feel that a change that offers a positive, fresh approach will be very good for the club.
“I know that Tom and many others at Villa worked very hard to recruit Tim in the face of severely limited time constraints and pounding pressure.
“More importantly, I know further that internally we remain focused and committed to challenges we face, and I am deeply appreciative for that.”
BEST BIT
Keeping Villa in the Premier League against the odds and bringing some life back into the team.
Back-to-back wins over rivals Albion in March 2015 - in the league and the cup - lifted Villa closer towards safety and into the FA Cup semi-final.
Nothing will ever take that performace - and tactical masterclass from Sherwood - in the semi-final at Wembley away. Villa fought back to beat Liverpool 2-1 when they were expected to roll over and lose.
That run of seven wins in eleven games between March and May defined the season and got Villa out of trouble.
WORST BIT
It had to be the FA Cup Final.
Villa were outclassed by Arsenal, losing 4-0 on their big day out, when the opportunity of ending a 19-year trophy drought was just 90 minutes away.
Maybe the decision to play Charles N'Zogbia instead of Gabby Agbonlahor back-fired.
But saying that, a strong Gunners side brimming with world-class talent, were simply too good.
“We gave the fans nothing to cheer about but I promise them it will get better,” Sherwood said after the defeat.
“We've stayed in the division but we have a losing mentality. We don't want to be scraping relegation next season.”
THE VITAL STATISTICS
Sadly, it didn't get any better and Sherwood was sacked five months after the FA Cup Final.
The signs were there at the back end of the 2014/15 season as Villa lost the last three games of the season to Southampton (6-1), Burnley (1-0) and Arsenal (4-0).
A difficult summer followed.
Villa lost Benteke, Fabian Delph, Tom Cleverley and Ron Vlaar.
And Sherwood was at war with head of scouting and recruitment director, Paddy Riley, as they targeted different replacements.
The boss wanted experienced Premier League performers and went after Estaban Cambiasso, Aaron Lennon, Andros Townsend and Emmanuel Adebayor.
But Villa ended up with Adama Traore, Jordan Veretout, and Jordan Amavi among others - many of whom struggled to make the grade.
When Rudy Gestede fired in the match-winning goal against Bournemouth on the opening day of the season, there was finally some light at the end of tunnel.
But Villa failed to win any of their next ten games and the fractious relationship with Riley became unsustainable.
Sherwood took charge of 28 games. Villa won ten, drawn two and lost 16.
WHEN They LEFT
Sherwood left on October 25, 2015 and was replaced by Remi Garde.
Villa went on to win just two more league games that season as they finished rock-bottom of the Premier League.
Garde left themselves in March leaving Eric Black with the thankless task of seeing out the season and the confirmation of relegation.
Sherwood was linked with other jobs but has never managed in either the Premier League or Championship since.
WHAT THE BOARD SAID
“The board has monitored the performances closely all season and believes the results on the pitch were simply not good enough and that a change is imperative.
“However, the club would like to place on record its sincere thanks to Tim for all their efforts during a difficult period last season and for the many positive contributions they have made to the entire football setup during their time with the club.
“We wish them well in the future.”
WHAT THE MANAGER SAID
“I'm really disappointed with the way I was treated to be perfectly honest.
“If you look at it in the cold light of day, coming in, keeping them in the division and taking them to a Cup Final - then four of your best players get taken out your team.
“It's difficult. Then you only get a short period at the beginning of next season to try and put it right.
“Ron Vlaar we would have loved to have kept. They were just coming off the back of a World Cup and if they were fit we'd have loved to have kept him.
“Tom Cleverley was another who I had fire in and I wanted to keep and they left as well.
“So when four of your starters get ripped away from you and you replace them with people who are unproven in the Premier League, it's always going to be difficult.
“There's not many there who settled. We will have to say that it probably wasn't a success on the recruitment side.
“You need support from the board and the owners and at the time - I've got a lot of respect for Randy Lerner, they lost a lot of money and I like them as an individual - but I think they were a little misguided and sometimes you've got to trust people who know the game.
“I know the Premier League, it's been going for 25 years and I've been involved in it for 22 and that's playing, coaching and managing.
“No-one knows the Premier League more than me. I know what it takes to recruit a player who is capable of playing in it but unfortunately that was taken away from me.”
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - A woman who was injured during a robbery in Southwest Miami-Dade is now on the road to recovery.
Cherish Juarez has been upgraded to fair condition.
Juarez, 31, was shot during an armed robbery at a 7-Eleven, Monday.
Officers arrested Tavis Williams, charging them with the shooting.
Williams has been denied bond and faces several charges, including attempted murder.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The White American terrorist who ambushed thousands of Las Vegas concertgoers in a deadly hail of bullets on Sunday night bought nearly three dozen guns over the past year. While that may seem excessive to some, Stephen Paddock was merely representative of the legal gun ownership demographic in the U.S., which is dominated by White people – especially White men, who have committed exponentially more mass murders than any other group in America.
Stephen Paddock legally bought 33 guns & thousands of bullets in the past 11 months. It's a scandal that this didn't raise a single red flag — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 5, 2017
About 36 percent of White Americans said they had at least one gun, according to a Pew Research Center report on U.S. gun ownership that was published in June. When looking at just White men, that number ballooned to 48 percent, or nearly half of the country's White male population.
READ MORE: Trump Calls Las Vegas Shooter ‘Pure Evil,' But Not A Terrorist
In contrast, about 24 percent of Black Americans said they owned a gun.
47 guns, loaded high-capacity magazines found in Vegas shooter's hotel suite and Nevada home https://t.co/Q2NWHAKSqf via @ABC #StephenPaddock pic.twitter.com/DMnbXfEdv0 — Darren Kavinoky (@DarrenKavinoky) October 4, 2017
However, that number may be growing, according to a trend that was attributed to the election of Donald Trump and the subsequent unabashed amplification of racist White national rhetoric and related violence.
“Interviews with firearms dealers and gun clubs across the country strongly suggest a sharp rise in the number of African-Americans buying guns since Trump's election,” NBC News reported in May. “Many are walking into gun shops to arm themselves out of fear that their election has rekindled old racial flames, emboldening white supremacists and stoking tension between the races.”
America has 4% of the world's population & 42% of the guns. Lack of guns is NOT our problem#GunControlNow Las Vegas https://t.co/sK2XpHiXc1 pic.twitter.com/1soTQ5k7Gz — Jonathan Riley (@JonRiley7) October 2, 2017
Politics and patriotism are reportedly the two major reasons for the race-based gun ownership discrepancy. Most Republicans think that owning a gun is a sign of patriotism, according to Fox News.
“Because this [gun] culture is embraced by the race and party that controls the government, it continues to be celebrated and defended in the spirit of love of country,” CNN wrote in an informed opinion piece published Wednesday.
As history has repeatedly shown, Black people in America are routinely subjected to a different set of laws ands law enforcement than their White counterparts, especially when it comes to guns, legally owned or otherwise.
That fact was on full display when Philando Castile, a Black motorist, was shot and killed in Minnesota last year after they informed a police officer that they had a licensed gun in their car. But by just following the law, which required Castile to alert officers of the gun, they also became a victim the law when the police officer who killed them was acquitted of murder charges this past July.
SEE ALSO:
Black Man Shot In Neck Saved Others In Las Vegas Massacre
Dozens Killed In Las Vegas Strip Shooting Rampage
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Restaurants in Sutton Coldfield and Solihull are among those up for a top prize in the English Curry Awards 2017.
Shortlisted in the category of the best Indian restaurant in the West Midlands are: Delhi 6 Fine Dining Restaurant in Sutton Coldfield, The Lloyds Indian Restaurant in Knowle, Janaki Indian Cuisine in Solihull, Turmeric Gold in Coventry and Pabna Restaurant in Stoke on Trent.
Turmeric Gold, in Spon Street, Coventry, has also been short-isted for best restaurant design and audience.
Held every year to celebrate the best venues across the country, the English Curry Awards is one of the major curry awards held in the UK.
There is also the British Curry Awards, which takes place in November and last year named Asha's in Newhall Street, Birmingham as its best Midland restaurant.
Delhi 6 in Sutton Coldfield and Lloyds Indian Restaurant, Solihull, were also shortlisted for that award.
The competition for the English Curry Awards is based on nominations. Winners will be announced in a ceremony at the Mercure Manchester Piccadilly hotel on August 21.
Jay Alam, of Turmeric Gold, said they were thrilled to be shortlisted for the award.
Mr Alam added: "It is a proud moment for us and to be in the top six in both categories is a testament to not only the hard work of our staff, but also to the loyalty of our customers.
"We have always taken great pride in the quality of our food and the excellent service we provide to our diners every day and night.
"It is a real honour to know that our high standards have been recognised and will be celebrated on a national stage."
Over the years Turmeric Gold has secured a string of accolades – including Best Restaurant at the Godiva Awards in Coventry and Warwickshire, Best Ethnic Experience at Coventry and Warwickshire Food and Drink Awards and Best Restaurant in Coventry and Warwickshire in the Coventry Telegraph Awards.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Charlie Taylor expects to remain at Leeds United until the end of the season, reports the Yorkshire Evening Post.
The left-back submitted a transfer request before the beginning of the season in order to push through a move to a Premier League club, but it's now expected that they will stay with their boyhood club until at least the end of the current campaign.
Taylor, 23, is in a similar boat to Albion's own product, Saido Berahino - their contract is up at the end of this season, with their future destination unclear.
Like Berahino, any deal in the summer involving Taylor would go through a tribunal, because the player is under the age of 24.
Leeds are well placed in the Championship at the moment, and have top flight aspirations of their own.
There have been conflicting reports this window already regarding Taylor; it was reported elsewhere over the weekend that a deal was close.
That appears to be far from the case.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Beast from the East struck again over the weekend leaving treacherous conditions across the region on Monday.
Temperatures dropped to freezing levels overnight and snow fell throughout Saturday night.
Drivers are avoided to check routes this morning as many roads are icy.
It is not expected to snow again today, but the weather over the weekend has left many roads dangerous.
Updates will follow throughout the day.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami) – President Donald Trump has set their sights on space.
On Monday, the president signed a new directive authorizing NASA Administrator Robert M. Lightfoot Jr. to lead an innovative space exploration program to send American astronauts back to the Moon, and eventually Mars.
During the order signing, Trump said the action will “refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery.”
“Imagine the possibility waiting in those big beautiful stars if we dare to dream big. That's what our country is doing again, we're dreaming big,” the president said. “This is a giant step toward that inspiring future and toward reclaiming America's proud destiny in space and space has so much to do with so many other applications including a military application.”
In June, Trump signed an executive order re-establishing the long dormant National Space Council, a space policy advisory body that was last active some 25 years ago.
Vice President Mike Pence, chairperson of the council, has since had vowed to renew American leadership in the form of the nation's space program.
Pence criticized past administrations and promised that under President Trump, “America will lead in space once again.”
“For nearly 25 years, our government's commitment seems to have not matched the spirit of the American people,” they said. “But I'm here to tell you, that as we still enter this new century, we will beat back any disadvantage that our lack of attention has placed, and American will once again lead in space for the benefit and security of all of our people and all of the world.”
At Monday's event, Pence applauded the president's order, saying that “signing the space policy directive” it will ensure “America will lead in space once again.”
Pence said the order will “enhance our national security and our capacity to provide for the common defense of the people of the United States.”
“You are ensuring Mr. President, that America will lead in space in the future and for generations to come,” they added.
LAHORE: Pakistani police say a large bomb has struck a protest rally in the eastern city of Lahore, killing at least seven people and wounding 40.
Local police official Zaheer Abbas says Monday's blast occurred when a man on a motorcycle rammed into the crowd of hundreds of pharmacists, who were protesting new amendments to a law governing drug sales.
A Taliban faction claimed the attack.
Abbas says two senior police officers, including a former provincial counterterrorism chief, were among those killed.
Live TV registered a loud bang and showed smoke and fire billowing up as people ran away, some of them carrying the wounded.
Police had cordoned off the area on Mall Road, one of the city's main arteries, amid fears of a second blast as rescuers raced to the scene, with images of the injured being carried away shown by local media.
The incident occurred as hundreds of chemists protested a new law near the Punjab provincial assembly building, Rana Sanaullah, the provincial law minister, told AFP.
“We fear many injured,” they said.
Rescue official Deeba Shahnaz said a senior traffic official had died in the explosion.
Up to 400 people had attended the protest, according to an AFP reporter who was on the scene when the explosion occurred.
“Suddenly there was a bang and a huge blast,” they said. “Everybody ran for safety.”
Lahore, the country's cultural capital, suffered one of Pakistan's worst attacks during 2016, a Taliban suicide bomb in a park on Easter that left more than 70 dead, including many children.
No group immediately claimed Monday's explosion, but the same faction of the Pakistani Taliban responsible for the Easter blast recently vowed it would continue carrying out attacks.
Social media users were quick to suggest the blast was meant to derail plans to hold the highly-anticipated final of the Pakistan Super League in Lahore.
The second year of the Twenty20 tournament is currently being held in the United Arab Emirates out of security fears, but after a military crackdown on extremism officials were confident enough to plan for the final to take place in the cricket-mad city.
Joseph diGenova in a January Fox News appearance. Screen shot/Fox News
Well, will you look at this:
President Trump has decided to hire the longtime Washington lawyer Joseph E. diGenova, who has pushed the theory on television that Mr. Trump was framed by F.B.I. and Justice Department officials, to bolster their legal team, according to three people told of the decision.
That's from the New York Times, and if you have looked at the picture above or read the headline to this post or lived in the United States during the last three years you will be able to guess where on television this theory was promoted.
Here's specifically what diGenova has said about the Deep State conspiracy against Trump:
There was a brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and, if they didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime. Everything we have seen from these texts, and from all the facts developing, shows that the FBI and senior DOJ officials conspired to violate the law, and deny Donald Trump their civil rights.
Among the empirical problems with this theory:
• DiGenova was specifically arguing that the existence of disparaging texts about Trump sent between FBI agents Peter Strzok and Lisa Page prove their theory about FBI bias. But Strzok and Page also sent disparaging texts about Loretta Lynch, Eric Holder, and Chelsea Clinton.
• Strzok helped draft the FBI's infamous 2016 letter about the reopening of the Clinton email investigation. And of course it was James Comey, who diGenova has called “America's most dirty cop,” who made the decision to release that letter just days before the election.
• The Trump campaign's publicly documented, non-fabricated connections to Russian government figures and/or Russian election sabotage include the June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower to discuss Russia's “dirt” on Clinton, foreign policy adviser George Papadolpoulos' May 2016 boast that he'd been told Russia had hacked Clinton's email, the conversations between Michael Flynn and Russia's ambassador that Flynn later lied about, and many more. There were/are abundant reasons aside from political bias for the FBI and Mueller to investigate the issue.
• Mueller's investigation has already resulted in five guilty pleas. Hell of a thorough frame job, if it is one!
In the big picture, here, the lesson is probably that you really can't take anyone around Trump seriously when they say he's not considering firing Robert Mueller. White House attorney Ty Cobb and White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley have both claimed in recent days that the option is not on the table; Trump, meanwhile, has now gone and hired someone who argues that Mueller's entire investigation is fraudulent, which would certainly cut against the idea that they have no problem with letting it play out in full because they believe it will find the truth.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Joe Gomez has played themselves into England contention with a series of fine displays for Liverpool this season.
The 20-year-old defender missed virtually all of last season following a serious knee injury but he's fought their way back into contention and has been playing regularly this season.
Gomez, who joined Liverpool from Charlton three years ago, is currently captain of England's under-21 team and made their senior debut last year.
Their showings in the Premier League and Champions League under Jurgen Klopp this term have many people thinking Gomez is a certainty to be on the plane to Russia.
And the bookmakers appear to agree with Gomez at 10/11 to be included in Gareth Southgate's 23-man party headed for Russia.
Gomez has shown their versatility to play at right-back this season and they appear well suited to the right central defensive role in England's three-man defence.
Traditionally, England hopefuls learn their fate shortly after the Premier League season ends in May.
A handout photo made available by Thai Navy Seal on July 4, 2018, shows Thai Navy officers and rescuers work inside a cave complex during the ongoing rescue operations for the child soccer team and their assistant coach, at Tham Luang cave in Khun Nam Nang Non Forest Park, Chiang Rai province, Thailand.
THAI NAVY SEAL / HANDOUT, EPA-EFE
Dramatic rescues from mines and caves should provide hope to families in Thailand awaiting word on the fate of a young soccer team trapped in a vast, watery cave.
The boys and their 25-year-old coach vanished almost two weeks ago after entering the cave before flooding caused by heavy rains blocked their exit. Divers found them Monday, hungry but safe. Now authorities are trying to determine how to get them out.
"The average person can't imagine how difficult it would be," said Robert Laird, co-founder of the U.S.-based International Underwater Cave Rescue and Recovery. "These kids are not diving just to go diving. They are in a life-or-death situation."
There have been many rescues around the globe over the years. Here are some of the most dramatic:
'Estamos bien en el refugio, los 33'
A cave-in at a mine in Copiapó, Chile, on Aug. 5, 2010, trapped 33 men almost a half-mile underground. There was no word from the victims for 17 days, until rescuers drilled a test hole and sent a probe down into the mine. When they pulled the probe back up, a note was attached. The English translation: "We are fine in the shelter, the 33 of us." Chilean officials teamed up with NASA and dozens of corporations in a global rescue effort. Food and water were sent down while an extrication plan was developed and executed. Trapped for 69 days, the men emerged essentially unharmed to worldwide acclaim.
More: Rescuers start teaching trapped Thailand cave boys to swim and dive
More: 'Life-or-death situation': Rescuers face huge obstacles
'Nine for nine'
Nine workers at the Quecreek Mine in Somerset Count, Pennsylvania, were trapped after accidentally breaking through a wall, releasing more than 70 million gallons of water into the mine on July 24, 2002. Rescuers feverishly drilled holes 240 feet down to provide air, not knowing if anyone was alive. More holes were drilled to pump water out of the mine. "Nine for nine" was the optimistic slogan Gov. Mark Schweiker coined as the nation awaited word. Three days later a microphone was sent down, and rescuers finally learned that all nine men were alive, trapped in a four-foot high tunnel. The next day all were retrieved safely. The result was the book "Nine For Nine: The Pennsylvania Mine Rescue Miracle."
'Magnificent operation' saves 7 in France
Seven experience potholers were trapped when heavy rains blocked exits to a five-mile network of caves in southern France on Nov. 22, 1999. That began a 10-day odyssey that gripped the European nation. Teams drilled a series of holes in an effort to find the men, who were carefully rationing food, water and lamp fuel. Virtually all hope was lost when they were finally found and brought back to the surface, still with about two more days of their minimal supplies. Regional Gov. Michel Sappin called the effort a "magnificent operation," adding that the "best reward was to be able to give the families the good news."
America spellbound by 'Baby Jessica'
It was only one person and the rescue only took 2 1/2 days, but very few news stories have seized the nation's attention the way tiny Jessica McClure did. They were 18 months old when they fell into a backyard well at their aunt's daycare center in Midland, Texas, on Oct. 14, 1987. With cable news just coming into its own — CNN had been broadcasting for seven years — the story of Baby Jessica drew 24/7 coverage. The well was 22 feet deep and only eight inches wide. Dense rock slowed efforts to drill a parallel shaft. Rescuers asked them to sing so they knew they were ok, and the song from Winnie the Pooh brought tears to their eyes. They were extricated to wild applause after 58 hours, losing a toe, gaining a small scar on their forehead but otherwise in good shape. A photo of the little girl, caked in dirt, being removed from the well would have gone viral if such things occurred in 1987. Some solace for photographer Scott Shaw: It won them a Pulitzer Prize.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Image caption Those responsible were claimed to be members of the Bracton Law Society
A university is investigating claims of racism among law society members.
University of Exeter made the announcement after screenshots of "vile, deplorable" racist comments from a private students' WhatsApp group were shared on social media.
The student who revealed the comments said they had reported it to university bosses and the students' union, Exeter Guild.
The university tweeted "we unreservedly condemn any act of racism".
It went on: "Incidents of this nature should not, and will not, be tolerated and we are committed to eradicating any form of discrimination or harassment, wherever it may appear."
Skip Twitter post by @UniofExeter .@ExeterGuild are investigating allegations regarding conduct of society leaders. We cannot comment until the investigation concludes. Where members have broken the code of conduct we will take action, referring to University disciplinary processes where necessary. (2/2) — University of Exeter (@UniofExeter) March 19, 2018 Report
The Brackton Law Society said it "has taken the decision to remove those involved from committee... and indefinitely ban all those involved from the Society".
Meet the remarkable people who are making a positive impact on our communities and making the world a little bit better.
Play All
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves wiped the floor with Sheffield United to take another step closer towards promotion back to the Premier League.
Goals from Ruben Neves, Diogo Jota and Ivan Cavaleiro set up a 3-0 win at Molineux to extend their lead at the top to 11 points.
This was no routine victory, though. Wolves really turned on the style.
And talk about getting revenge on the Blades who inflicted a rare defeat on the table-toppers in the reverse fixture earlier this season.
A cheeky nutmeg from Cavaleiro got it all going with less than a minute on the clock.
But it was Neves' curling 25-yard opener that really raised the roof early on.
By the half-hour mark Nuno Espirito Santo's men were home and dry.
A progressive move upfield saw Jota play a delightful one-two with Cavaleiro before firing past Simon Moore.
In many ways the best was still to come as Wolves tore into their wounded opponents with every attack.
The way they dominated the game against a team that looked jaded following the last-minute defeat to Aston Villa in midweek was impressive.
On 76 minutes a long-ball up-field from Neves set Jota free but goalkeeper Simon Moore clattered into them outside the area and was red-carded.
From the resultint set-piece, Cavaleiro stepped up to fire the free-kick home, via a deflection off the wall.
New signing Benik Afobe then replaced the goalscorer and had two chances of their own, the latter a header that flew just inches wide.
And while it wasn't a fairytale return for the 24-year-old, it was a vintage display from the team who now have just 16 games of the season remaining before an inevitable promotion party begins.
PLAYER RATINGS
STARTING FORMATION
(3-4-3)
RUDDY, 6
Didn't have a notable save to make but still commanded their area well and was solid on deliveries intonthe box.
BENNETT, 6.5
Covered their team-mates in times of need and made important blocks and interceptions. Had a little tussle with Clarke in the second half and didn't do too much wrong elsewhere.
COADY, 7
Kept the forwards quiet and generally led by example. Tried a few ambitious passes forward that went astray but they can be forgiven. Made amends for their sending-off at Bramall Lane.
BOLY, 7.5
Cleared up any danger they had to deal with. Looked in control throughout. Also had two decent opportunities with headed efforts from corners.
DOHERTY, 7
Joined in with the attacks and gave Wolves a deadly weapon down the right. Stuck to their defensive tasks when they had to
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
N'DIAYE, 7
Marshalled the midfield and got stuck in when they needed to. Powerful and purposeful, they used their fresh legs to wear down the Blades midfield who looked jaded from the midweek fixture.
NEVES, 8.5
Bagged their third goal of the season in stunning style. Also worked hard in defence. Blocked a shot that set up a quick-fire attack and kept the ball moving quickly. Needs to be playing at the highest-level.
DOUGLAS, 7
A dynamic display from the Scot who got forward and joined in with the attacks. Wasted a free-kick by firing into the wall, Was solid defensively, though.
COSTA, 8
Looked back to their best with an accomplished performance up top. Volleyed wide early on, showed good skill and used their pace to cause problems. A threat throughout. Subbed.
CAVALEIRO, 9
Up for it from the off. Cheeky nutmeg got it going then they worked hard throughout. Sublime one-two with Jota for the second goal and never stopped running. Got what they deserved with a goal from a late free-kick.
JOTA, 8
The little magician scored to top off a terrific display. The Blades backline couldn't handle their pace or strength. You just knew they would create an opportunity every time they got forward. Fouled by goalkeeper, Moore, who was sent off for the challenge.
SUBSTITUTES:
BONATINI (for Costa, 65), 7 - Fired wide from close-range with their first touch and looked a threat.
AFOBE (for Cavaleiro, 77), 7 - Given an incredible reception from the home fans. Shot wide and was offside before planting a headed effort inches wide.
GIBBS-WHITE (for Jota, 80), 7 - Showed some nice touches late on as Wolves kept up the pressure
NOT USED:
Norris, Batth, Hause, Gibbs-White, Enobakhare, Afobe.
OPPOSITION
Sheffield United (3-5-2) - Moore, O'Connell, Stearman, Basham (Leonard. 70) Baldock, Fleck, Holmes (Donaldson, 70) Evans, Stevens, Clarke, Wilson (Eastwood, 75) Subs: Lafferty, Lundstram. Duffy, Sharp.
GOALS
Neves (5), Jota (29) - WOLVES
REFEREE:
Darren Bond
ATTENDANCE
29,311
WHO'S NEXT?
QPR (home) Saturday, 3pm)
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – The Greenville Police Department says a Battleboro woman who was taken to the hospital after being hit by a car Sunday evening has died.
Mary Price, 52, of Battleboro, was struck by a vehicle around 9 p.m. Sunday in front of the Taco Bell on Stantonsburg Road.
They were transported to the Vidant Medical Center where they later died as a result of their injuries, officers said.
Greenville police say low lighting and not crossing within a crosswalk may have been a factor in the crash.
The driver in the accident has not been charged at this point, officers said.
Members of the Greenville Police Department Traffic Safety Unit are investigating.
Any witnesses are encouraged to call the Greenville Police Department at 252-329-4315.
Volunteers needed for massive search for missing Downers Grove-area woman
hello
Cheyann Klus is a Downers Grove-area woman who went missing in December 2017.
A nonprofit group is organizing a search Saturday of a forest preserve near Hanover Park for a 22-year-old woman who has been missing since December.
Organizers from the Kankakee-based Missing Persons Awareness Network say they need roughly 300 volunteers to comb the 90-acre Mallard Lake Forest Preserve in search of Cheyann Klus, who last was seen by their family Nov. 27 at their home near Downers Grove.
Klus is described as 5 feet, 5 inches tall, weighing about 115 pounds with light-colored skin, brown hair and brown eyes. A picture of them shows a tattoo on their left arm. They apparently traveled to Chicago and spent time on the 2100 block of North Kilbourn Avenue in early December, authorities say.
In mid-December, DuPage County sheriff's investigators learned they may have been in the area of the Mallard Lake Forest Preserve during the time they were last seen.
On Dec. 22, a large-scale search of the preserve by the sheriff's office turned up no signs of the woman. Authorities decided to conduct another search when weather conditions were more favorable.
A second search also turned up empty Saturday when deputies and the Will County Emergency Management Agency Search and Rescue Team scoured the forest preserve, the sheriff's office said Monday. The search involved more than 100 people and five police dogs.
There was no water search of the lake, a sheriff's spokesperson said, but it may follow in the near future.
At this point, investigators have found no clear indication of foul play in Klus' disappearance.
"We're certainly concerned due to the length of time she's been missing," sheriff's spokesperson Sgt. Robert Harris said.
The Missing Persons Awareness Network will resume a ground search at the forest preserve after an 11 a.m. news conference Saturday.
The network received information that the preserve is "more than an area of interest" several weeks ago, founder Gia Hoffman said.
Hoffman said organizers will call off the search at 4 p.m., but they vow to spend "as long as it takes" to find out what happened to Klus.
The network has started a Facebook page, "FIND CHEYANN KLUS," to help spread the word about the search. No ATVs or four-wheelers will be allowed, Hoffman said. A nearby landfill also will be blocked off to searchers.
Anyone who wants to assist or donate equipment and meals can call (815) 263-5886 or contact missingpersonsawarenessnetwork@gmail.com.
Investigators are asking anyone who has seen Klus or has information on their whereabouts to call police at (630) 407-2400.
Universal – 2017(NEW YORK) — With The Fate of the Furious firing on all cylinders in theaters — to the tune of well more than a half billion bucks at the box office globally — Bloomberg news has compiled an appropriate, exhaustive set of statistics about the movies, from the first through the seventh
The Stats of the Furious is a deep dive into the data of the franchise, which began about street racing and swiping DVD players in Los Angeles and currently has Vin Diesel and their “family” tackling international arms dealers at the behest of the U.S. government.
Because whom else would the government trust to combat unending teams of mercenaries and quell international threats than a bunch of street racers from Southern California?
“The Stats of the Furious” takes a microscope to the series, to determine things like how many Corona sips do the stars take — three in the first movie, none in 2, 3, or 5, eight sips in the fourth film, seven in episode 6, and 1 in 7.
The graphs also tally Gratuitious Female Rear-End Time, how many curses were uttered in each film — the most in the second film, the least in the third — and how many times “family” or “team” is mentioned. There's explosive growth for that one in movies 6 and 7.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Britain's Got Talent semi-finals continue on Wednesday - and BirminghamLive got an exclusive look at Spotlight Stage School's show stopping performance.
The school's AcroCadabra dance troupe, from Solihull, were only one of just 40 acts short listed for the live stage show.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
They will perform on Britain's Got Talent tonight - and have been working hard in rehearsals to prepare.
The dance troupe were put straight through to the semi-finals during the final auditions episode last Saturday.
They performed a glittering dance with flips, acrobatics, and jaw-dropping magic tricks.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Their unique skills earned gasps from the audience as they performed nail-biting tricks - and even 'sawed' a dancer in half on-stage!
The group of 9-17 year olds impressed the judges - and earned four 'yeses' without hesitation.
Comedian David Walliams said: "It was, in a word, magic! I'm going to say yes."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Alesha Dixon praised the group further. They said: "That was fantastic. I am saying yes!"
At the end of the episode the Birmingham troupe were screened again - this time earning a spot in the final 40 acts.
Spotlight Stage School join Wolverhampton man Donchez Dacres in this year's BGT.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Donchez, 60, performed their original song 'Wiggle Wine' on the ITV show three weeks ago - and demonstrated some serious moves.
They impressed enough to encourage comedian and BGT judge David Walliams to use their Golden Buzzer to send them straight to the semi-finals.
(Image: PA)
Each judge, plus co-hosts Ant and Dec, only have one Golden Buzzer to use per season.
Donchez is now headed to the BGT finals after impressing again in their semi-final performance last night.
Watch Spotlight Stage School perform more jaw-dropping tricks on ITV tonight at 7.30pm.
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaii, HI, April 17- Average retail gasoline prices in Hawaii have risen 1.8 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $3.06/g yesterday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 355 gas outlets in Hawaii. This compares with the national average that has increased 1.1 cents per gallon in the last week to $2.40/g, according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.com.
Including the change in gas prices in Hawaii during the past week, prices yesterday were 45.7 cents per gallon higher than the same day one year ago and are 1.8 cents per gallon lower than a month ago. The national average has increased 11.1 cents per gallon during the last month and stands 29.2 cents per gallon higher than this day one year ago.
According to GasBuddy historical data, gasoline prices on April 17 in Hawaii have ranged widely over the last five years:
$2.60/g in 2016, $3.07/g in 2015, $4.30/g in 2014, $4.38/g in 2013 and $4.61/g in 2012.
Areas near Hawaii and their current gas price climate:
Alaska- $2.85/g, up 2.5 cents per gallon from last week's $2.83/g.
Anchorage- $2.75/g, up 1.3 cents per gallon from last week's $2.74/g.
Honolulu- $2.90/g, flat from last week's $2.90/g.
“The national average gasoline price climbed to its highest level since September 5, 2015 on the $6 per barrel rise in oil prices over the last few weeks, supported by last week's decline in oil inventories and pressure from geopolitical tensions,” said Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy.com.
“While some states in the Great Lakes saw average gasoline prices ease after leading the nation by rising double digits each of the last two weeks, most the country saw a continued rise. However, the national average may reach its peak for the year in the next few weeks barring major escalation in Syria as refiners have generally concluded seasonal maintenance work and summer gasoline's May 1st deadline for refiners is just around the corner. While average prices are far below their 5-year average, they remain notably higher than last year. Today shows just 405 gas stations in the U.S. selling gasoline at $2 per gallon or less, a far cry from a year ago when over 80,000 stations were at the level.”
For Hawaii Island gas prices and trends visit — www.hawaii247.com/gas
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
/ Front page / News
The Fiji Football Association is soon expected to start testing players for hard drugs such as cocaine, heroin and ice.
Fiji soccer coach Christophe Gamel said the whole purpose of the tests was to keep football clean.
"Players who take any type of drugs destroy their life and their football career and we want football players to be clean and not take drugs," they told this newspaper from France last night.
"One player was found positive for drugs and has been suspended. We have given them some time and then they will be tested again and if they are found to be still positive, then they could face a tougher sanction.
"The national team could be suspended by FIFA if any player is found taking any sort of drugs but I don't think the players are taking any other types of drugs apart from marijuana."
Fiji FA medical officer Ronal Kumar said hard drugs could be taken by footballers for a number of reasons including to enhance their performance on the field and to not feel injuries they have been carrying.
"Most of the districts would know how their players perform on the field and their sleeping patterns and if they usually go above and beyond their usual pattern, then you would see them over performing, not getting tired on the field and they are a danger to the other players with the way they approach the ball," Mr Kumar said.
"Ice is a performance enhancing drug and keeps the system working faster than usual rate and the more they use it, it affects their sleep pattern.
"The players could get addicted in the long run and most people also end up with being psychiatrically ill and once they do not get enough doses and as time develops their tolerance for illicit drug increases and they require more and more."
Fiji FA has suspended six players this year who were tested positive for marijuana.
"We have tested players for hard drugs before and at random we will do that since we have got the kits to do the test at any point, but at the moment we have started with marijuana," said Kumar.
"When we take a team overseas we test players for hard drugs and our focus is on the national team and we need to ensure any player who joins the national team is clear."
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) – The state of Alaska has pulled its offer to help the City and Borough of Juneau in an ongoing lawsuit.
The Juneau Empire reports that the state on Wednesday withdrew a legal memo it had sent the day before that supported the city and borough's position in a case brought by the cruise ship industry.
Two cruise ship associations claim the city and borough interfere with interstate commerce and violate the Tonnage Clause of the U.S. Constitution by collecting $8 per cruise ship passenger – or a head tax – with a $3 port fee and a $5 additional fee.
Cori Mills, a spokesperson for the Alaska Department of Law, says the memo of support was never supposed to be sent. Mills declined to say how the mistake happened.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republican-led Senate has voted to block an Obama-era regulation that would prevent an estimated 75,000 people with mental disorders from being able to purchase a firearm.
The 57 to 43 vote to revoke the regulation now sends the measure to President Donald Trump, who is expected to sign it.
The Obama administration rule strengthened the federal background check system by requiring the Social Security Administration to include the names of beneficiaries with mental impairments who also have a third party to manage their benefits.
But critics say the rule was too broad and unfairly stigmatized the disabled. With a Republican ally in the White House, the GOP has moved aggressively to rescind several late Obama administration regulations.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
NFL suspends Mike Evans, but not A.J. Green? So, to review: Bengals receiver A.J. Green goes WWE “Smack Down'' ballistic on Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey last week and will play in Sunday's game at Tennessee. And Buccaneers receiver...
NFL suspensions do not include players in choke-holding brawl What warrants a suspension in the NFL? Not the MMA-like fight A.J. Green and Jalen Ramsey got into during the Jaguars' 23-7 win over the Bengals in Jacksonville on Sunday....
Bengals superstar snaps, choke-holds then attacks defender A.J. Green surprisingly delivered the biggest hit of Sunday's Bengals-Jaguars, but it'll cost them (and their team). Toward the end of the second quarter of the game in Jacksonville, cornerback...
Fantasy owners need to stop ignoring this offensive group If there is one thing to take away from having seen the low-scoring games of Week 1 and the Thursday night debacle between the Bengals and Texans, it is that...
Searching for fantasy football options on Thursday night stinker Thursday night's NFL matchup between the Texans and Bengals looks prepared to make a statement. That statement is: Hey, NFL, your fly is down! Thursday night games have long had...
Fantasy football WR strategy: Patience is rewarded with value In the fifth of a six-part fantasy football draft preview series, The Post breaks down wide receivers. Next week: which players are rising and falling on draft boards. Wide receiver...
Fantasy football is back and here are 5 priorities for getting started In the first of a six-part fantasy football draft preview series, The Post looks at overall draft strategy. Next week: tight ends and defense/specials teams. Welcome back, football. We've missed...
The monster deal that makes Giants and Odell Beckham happy John Mara is on record saying they want Odell Beckham Jr. to be a Giant For Life. I can only take that to mean the Giants co-owner is not losing...
Behind the scenes with Darrelle Revis at their best – and most broken INDIANAPOLIS – A few thoughts on Darrelle Revis, who was informed by the Jets on Tuesday that they will be released next week: 1. The thing I will remember most...
The shocks of 2016 — Brexit vote and Trump's election — have profoundly shaken Germany, which depends on Pax Americana and global institutions
 They are considered the indispensable European, yet one of the biggest questions looming over the continent's crucial elections this year is whether Germany still regards Angela Merkel as indispensable, too.
Seven months before national elections in Germany, the prevailing wisdom has held that Merkel, now seeking a fourth four-year term as chancellor, is most vulnerable to the rising popularity of the country's far right, just as other populist, far-right parties are gaining in upcoming elections in the Netherlands and France.
Yet suddenly, Germany's left has unexpectedly resurged, prompting Der Spiegel magazine this weekend to pose a question on its cover: “Will They Fall?”
A reliable answer is not in sight. The shocks of 2016 — Britain's vote to leave the European Union and the election of Donald Trump as president of the United States — have profoundly shaken Germany, which depends more than any other European nation on Pax Americana and global institutions set up after the Second World War.
But on Sunday, the rebound of the left — along with the broad German distaste for Trump that has helped fuel it — was on full display. The popular centre-left Social Democrat Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who has served in Merkel's coalition government as foreign minister for seven years, won the presidency with 931 votes in the 1,260-member assembly that elects the president to a five-year term.
Despite being a largely ceremonial position, the presidency provides stature and an important platform for Steinmeier, a popular and charismatic politician. In their brief acceptance speech, they encouraged Germans to be bold in difficult times.
“If we want to give others courage, then we must have some ourselves,” they said on a day when many other speakers evoked the country's dark past and its emergence as a democracy after the Nazis' defeat in the Second World War.
One marvel of travelling the world, they said, was to realise that Germany has become a model. “Isn't it wonderful that this, our difficult fatherland, is seen as an anchor of hope for many people in the world?” Steinmeier said.
Before the vote, the conservative head of parliament, Norbert Lammert, gave a surprisingly fiery speech that — without mentioning names — attacked Trump and President Vladimir Putin of Russia for trying to divide or weaken Europe.
“Whoever champions a closed mind instead of openness to the world, whoever literally walls themselves in, bets on protectionism instead of free trade and preaches isolationism instead of states cooperating, and declares ‘We first' as a programme, should not be surprised if others do the same — with all the fatal side effects for international ties which we know from the 20th century,” Lammert said. That goes, they added, for individual European states “but also for our great partner country across the Atlantic.”
Once, it would have been rare for German politicians to lecture other democracies on values, especially the United States, but Germany is now regarded as a critical pillar in upholding the liberal western order, which is one reason the September 24 national elections are being watched so closely.
It is also why some of Merkel's fellow conservatives quietly grumbled that they were outfoxed when they agreed to put Steinmeier forward as the presidential candidate of their grand coalition government, which unites their conservative bloc with the centre-left Social Democrats. Even as the presidency stands above party politics, Steinmeier, 61, a lawyer and lifelong politician, is likely to be a boon for their party.
Their election coincided with a Social Democratic surge in opinion polls since the centre-left chose Martin Schulz, a former president of the European Parliament, to lead them into battle against Merkel in the elections.
Schulz grew up in a village in the Aachen area, becoming mayor of the nearby town of Wurselen in 1987, and likes to tell stories from those days to portray themselves as an ordinary guy. They first won election to the European Parliament in 1994, going on to become president in 2012. Most unusually for a German politician, they did not finish high school with a certificate, and trained initially as a bookseller.
They recently outpolled Merkel in personal popularity, 50 per cent to 34 per cent, in the widely regarded Politbarometer poll this month, albeit with a slightly smaller degree of support than Merkel's last Social Democratic challenger had at a similar stage of the 2013 race.
Perhaps because they have spent most of their political career in European institutions in Brussels, Schulz can appear fresh to German voters.
“What they are doing is filling a vacuum which has obviously arisen,” said Franz Muntefering, a veteran Social Democrat leader. “He is reaching people through emotions.”
In its weekend cover story, Der Spiegel described the current period as “the twilight of Merkel” and noted that they had appeared listless of late.
Merkel's conservative bloc appears somewhat rattled. Them respected finance minister, Wolfgang Schauble, the longest-sitting member of Germany's parliament, used an interview in Der Spiegel this weekend to accuse Schulz of Trump-style populism.
“When Schulz lets their supporters shout, ‘Make Europe great again,' then it is almost word for word Trump,” Schauble told the newsmagazine.
Sigmar Gabriel, the Social Democrat who has replaced Steinmeier as foreign minister, swiftly retaliated: “The radical and ill intentioned mockery” in US politics “should not be swept in to Germany,” they said.
Unquestionably, Trump's election has deeply altered the geopolitical landscape for Merkel. They have kept a cool distance, and the two leaders are expected to meet for the first time this spring.
Domestically, Merkel is contending with a continuing political backlash to their 2015 decision to admit more than 1 million migrants, many of them Muslim, into the country. The far-right Alternative for Germany party, which started as a movement against the euro currency, now carries an anti-migrant, anti-Muslim message and has leaders who have sympathy for Trump's politics.
Tellingly, Frauke Petry and other Alternative for Germany leaders did not applaud with everyone else during Lammert's speech when they attacked isolationism or what they termed a “We first” attitude. Under pressure, Merkel has back-pedalled somewhat in recent months, reducing the influx of migrants and taking a tougher line on deportations.
As is often the case, people outside the bubble of national politics sounded considerably less stirred when asked about Merkel's standing.
Metin Elcivan, 41, who helps run a corner store in western Berlin's Schoneberg district, was certain that German voters would prove conservative. “I think nothing will change at the elections,” they said, “and that we will have a grand coalition again, with Merkel as chancellor.”
— New York Times News Service
Alison Smale is a journalist based in Berlin and covers Europe
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
A former member of the presidential team investigating arms deal, Umar Mohammed standing trial over allegations of money laundering and possession of fire arms, has sought court permission to travel abroad for medical attention.
“The case has been set for trial today, however, we have filed an application this morning on behalf of the defendant to seek the leave of the court to enable them attend to an urgent medical treatment.”
The State Security Service busted and arraign Mohammed in July 2016 over allegations bordering on of money laundering. They were accused of laundering about $1.3 million (about N400million).
They were admitted to bail in the sum of N100 million and two sureties in the sum of N50 million each.
At the resumed trial on Tuesday , counsel to Mr. Mohammed, Hassan Liman, told the court that they had an application on behalf of their client seeking the court's permission to travel
Liman told the court that Mohammed, a retired air force commodore, is suffering the consequences of a plane crash they had while still in service as an officer.
According to him, the permission to travel for medical treatment was by no means a ploy to truncate the trial but only to ensure that they were fit to attend to their trial.
They prayed the court for a short adjournment to enable the prosecution go through the application.
Prosecuting counsel, Shuaibu Labaran, told the court that even though they conceded to the application for adjournment, they wanted it on the court's record that they came prepared for commencement of trial.
The prosecution came prepared to go on with the matter but we are confronted with the application filed by the learned SAN for the defendant.
“We have all our witnesses in court to prove our case and so we are more than ready to proceed with the trial.”
Justice John Tsoho adjourned the matter till February16 to hear the application.
If you need another reason to submit your 'please adopt me' form to the Keeping Up With The Kardashians, look no further than Kylie Jenner's daughter Stormi Webster's shoe collection.
They genuinely own more shoes than we have our entire lives. AND They CAN'T EVEN WALK YET.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
MailOnline say the shoes cost around $22,000 (approx £17,000), including the likes of $1,000 Giuseppe Zanotti's, $275 Gucci flats and $50 Nike Air Force 1's.
"Stormi can finally fit into some of their sneakers", Kylie says in the voiceover. "So, I'm about to see if they like shoes. Too cute."
Kylie welcomed their first child with boyfriend Travis Scott at the beginning of this year, and though Kylie did share a number of photos of their newborn with the world, they later deleted them all, and told a fan they were "not sharing photos of my girl right now".
Our little rager !!!! A post shared by flame (@travisscott) on Mar 3, 2018 at 10:37am PST
stormi has more shoes then I'll ever have in my whole life and she's only like 4 months old wtf😅 — Keely Clark (@keelyclarkkx) July 4, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Wtf. Stormi has more shoes than me and she's still a baby. — Pizza Is Life (@whereismypizzaa) July 4, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Stormi Webster has more shoes in their first 5 months of being here than I've ever had in my entire life ⛈ — Francé Rivera (@francerivera12) July 4, 2018
An insider at PEOPLE said it was because people had been making nasty comments about their daughter, commenting, "She couldn't wait to show off Stormi to their fans. They posted pictures, because they were so excited to be a mum. Unfortunately, social media is a crazy place. People have been making nasty comments.
"Kylie is shocked and doesn't want their daughter's pictures to be a part of something negative. They might reconsider in the future, but for now, they won't post any more photos of Stormi's face."
Just the shoe closet will do then, eh Ky?
—
After four days of competing against women from around the world in San Jose, California, Melbourne's girl ang took home the title of International Ms Leather (IMsL) this year.
Matthew Wade spoke with them about finding their place in the queer community, taking home the sash, and the common misconceptions around the leather and kink communities.
***
When did you first get into leather?
I first got into leather about five or six years ago. I got into it because I appreciated the protocols, history, and values.
That we all like pain. Not all people are masochists. Leather and kink is inclusive of people with many different varieties of ‘turn-ons'. Also that there is only one true way [to be a part of the community]. I believe the ‘old guard' guides and the ‘new guard' breathes life. For the sustainability of our community, leather has to evolve.
Another misconception is that we have been traumatised in the past and that's why we are into it now. As adults we all make decisions. Not all decisions are made as a result of past trauma, whether that be in kink, leather, or any other realm of our individual worlds.
How did you get involved in Melbourne's leather community?
I started to learn about leather through the kink scene; reading, researching, attending events such as Vic Leather's Gear Up, and the leather people who were a part of my life. My favourite thing about it is the family values that we as a community hold sacred.
Has it informed how you see the queer community and your place in it?
It helped shape my identity by showing me there were many others like me. I could finally see myself as part of a family who hold similar morals and values. It broadened the horizons of what I had previously thought the queer community was.
What was it like competing at this year's International Ms Leather competition?
It was exciting, fun, and really challenging. I learned a lot and relied heavily on my amazing team of handlers. They were the people who made this possible.
Why is visibility important to less visible parts of the queer community, like the leather and kink communities?
Visibility is important so others like myself can see there is a place for them within the queer community too. While some stigma still exists there is a lot of work being done to reduce it. Sometimes stigma can be reduced with as little as a smile and having a conversation.
Now that you've won the big title, what do you hope to do with it?
My goal was to bring it home to the Australian community so they can feel visible on a larger scale. My title year will consist of attending events, speaking up about important issues within our community, traveling, judging contests, doing workshops, and having conversations with as many members of our community as I can.
Personally, I have the desire to learn as much from this experience as I possibly can.
Do you have a message for younger queer women in Australia?
Yes, embrace who you are. If you have questions, ask them. If you have goals, go for them. If I can help you in some way, please reach out. I am your IMsL.
A medical expert, Dr Stephen Aderemi of the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UITH), has warned people against excessive consumption of locally prepared herbs to avoid causing serious damage to their health.
Aderemi gave the warning Monday during an interview with Newsmen in Ilorin on Monday.
Herbs are plants with savoury or aromatic properties used for flavouring food, in medicine, or as fragrances.
Aderemi explained that not all the plants reported to be useful were harmless.
According to him, if plants are taken without adequate knowledge, they can cause kidney and liver dysfunction and death in some cases.
They said that many of the available herbal products being marketed in the country had no clear statement of content, adding that there was no information to show that they were certified by a recognised medical body.
“Herbal medicines contain toxicity and the risk that comes with it outweighs its benefits. That is why Nigerians need to refrain from its consumption, in order to prevent health mishaps.
“I pity some patients who go after traditional medicines for their ailments without knowing that they are risking their lives.
‘'Some of the herbs are harmful to the extent of damaging kidney and even resulting to death.
”Some of the so-called traditional medicines sold in Nigerian have no clear statement of content or certified by any recognised medical body, yet, Nigerian patronise them,” they said.
Aderemi expressed concern at the rate some Nigerians patronised herbal medicines because according to him, such medicines worked faster and cheaper than the conventional medicines.
The doctor, who is also expressed worry about proliferation of herbal concoction, said many of the people who engaged in the business did so without any formal training.
“Most of the local herbs are deadly that should be avoided, because many of the sellers go into the business without training, but to flee from the grips of unemployment to make ends meet.”
They cautioned patients who found solace in local herbs to be health conscious and stop the intake of such products because such herbs had not been subjected to laboratory analysis.
Mobile World Congress Participation Highlights Critical Need to Ensure Network Readiness for Next Era of Mega-Services
SUNNYVALE, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Juniper Networks ( NYSE : JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, will be attending this year's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 27 - March 2, Hall 2, booth #2J60. The company's presence will carry the overarching theme: "Are you ready for Digital Cohesion?" Juniper will discuss how the world will transition beyond the current era of digital disruption and transformation to a new era in which multiple applications securely self-assemble to deliver new, predictive services that continuously adapt to the user's behavior. Utilizing information from the devices, sensors and applications around us, this transformation will enable better decision-making and enrich our personal and business lives, while delivering these services seamlessly across mobile and fixed devices and IT infrastructure.
News Highlights
During the show, Juniper will showcase various mobile networking solutions and partnerships that help build a cloud-native IP platform that will prepare customers for 5G, IoT and ultimately Digital Cohesion. This platform is what Juniper refers to as its Mobile Cloud Architecture. This architecture provides robust solutions that will help mobile operators:
Drive Performance
Juniper will showcase how operators can future-proof their mobile cloud architecture for 5G and IoT with the industry's most scalable IP networking and data center solutions.
Improve Economics
Utilizing the industry's most deployed SDN solution, service providers can learn how to maximize the automation and agility of their mobile network.
Build Trust
See how Juniper's Software-Defined Secure Network portfolio of physical and virtual security system solutions can protect customer data and privacy, as well as the mobile network infrastructure.
Enhance Interoperability
Learn how to deploy integrated packet-optical mobile solutions effectively with a global leader in packet networking and optical DCI.
Utilize a Best-of-Breed Partner Ecosystem
Juniper's innovative NFV/SDN based end-to-end solutions with key partners Affirmed Networks, Amdocs, Ciena, Ericsson, IBM, NEC/NetCracker, Riverbed and Saguna Networks will be showcased.
Demonstrate Multi-Vendor Capability with Vodafone's VPN+
Juniper will participate in a multi-vendor technology demonstration with Vodafone on Juniper's booth throughout the event. VPN+, a key part of Vodafone Ocean Transformation, showcases the orchestrated and automated, secure, mobile VPN services capability of Vodafone's global network. Use cases shown will include SD-WAN, service chaining, on-demand services (e.g. large-scale data back-up), virtual cloud-hosted services, and universal, virtualized Customer Premise Equipment (CPE) such as routers, switches and firewalls. VPN+ is customer portal-driven, enabling auto-provisioning of services at the click of a mouse.
Juniper's innovative, high-performance and fully open network technology is widely deployed to create routing, switching, and security elements of this proof-of-concept infrastructure. Our virtual and physical technology solutions are core components of the VPN+ demo, to help enable automated, virtualized and secure service capability at scale.
Juniper's CEO Rami Rahim will host an investor and analyst update at Mobile World Congress on Tuesday, February 28, 15:00-16:00 CET, at the Hotel Fira Congress (opposite the Fira Gran Via exhibition campus) -- by invitation only.
Juniper will be participating in the Optical Internetworking Forum Event, an interoperability test and demonstration by Telefónica addressing multi-layer and multi-domain environments in global carrier labs, Tuesday, February 28. By invitation only, but two white papers detailing the business and technical aspects will be available.
Additionally, Juniper will be participating in joint solution demonstrations with Affirmed Networks, Amdocs, Ciena, Ericsson, NEC, NetCracker, Netronome and Saguna Networks on their respective booths throughout the event.
A 30 minute Facebook Live open Q&A session with Juniper CEO Rami Rahim on Wednesday, March 1, 15:00-15:30 -- The video stream and questions can be asked via Juniper's Facebook (add link to FB page).
A graffiti wall located at Gran Via in the Artist Rambla Networking Garden will enable artists to visually develop Juniper's MWC story over the four days of the event.
Juniper executives and other spokespeople will be available for media and analyst briefings throughout the show. For scheduling please contact Ian Williams, iwilliams@juniper.net
Additional Resources:
Juniper.Net Community: www.juniper.net/community
Juniper on Twitter: https://twitter.com/Junipernetworks
Juniper on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/JuniperNetworks
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks ( NYSE : JNPR) delivers innovation across routing, switching and security. Juniper Networks' innovations in software, silicon and systems transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks (www.juniper.net) or connect with Juniper on Twitter and Facebook.
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, Junos and QFabric are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the United States and other countries. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
People walk past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a local bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Asian shares are gaining after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy's political turmoil subsided. Vincent Yu AP Photo
A woman was struck and killed by a self-driving Uber vehicle in Tempe, Arizona, Sunday night, according to local police.
In a statement, local police said the vehicle was "in autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel."
The pedestrian, 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, was crossing the street outside of the crosswalk when they were struck, and later died at the hospital, according to police.
Uber has been testing its autonomous vehicles in Arizona for over a year. In March 2017, Uber suspended its self-driving program in Arizona for two days after an autonomous vehicle crashed, flipping onto its side.
Uber told BuzzFeed News that it has halted its self-driving operations across the US, in cities including Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto.
The Tempe Police provided the following statement:
On March 18, 2018 at approximately 10pm, Tempe PD responded to a traffic collision on Curry Road and Mill Avenue in Tempe, Arizona. The vehicle involved is one of the Uber's self-driving vehicles. It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel. The vehicle was traveling northbound just south of Curry Road when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when they were struck by the Uber vehicle. The female was identified as 49 year old Elaine Herzberg. Herzberg was transported to a local area hospital where they passed away from their injuries. Uber is assisting and this is still an active investigation.
Uber said in a tweet Monday, "We're fully cooperating with @TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident." CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted, "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
0:38 Trump honors Santa Maria firefighter in State of the Union Pause
0:33 This Dog Can't Stop Singing Along to U2 Songs in the Car
1:01 A look at the marvelous cosmic trifecta called super blue blood moon
1:01 NASA explains the rare lunar trifecta coming January 31: the 'Super Blue Blood Moon'
1:01 What to do if you accidentally call 9-1-1
1:05 How to prepare for a power outage
1:36 Funeral held for first female U.S. Marine to retire from active service
0:17 Manatee with life jacket wrapped around body gets helped by fire rescue
1:36 Funeral held for first female U.S. Marine to retire from active service
The HarborPark Jazz Rhythm & Blues Festival was created in 2004 to raise funds for the Mahone Fund CEO Scholarship program and their community outreach efforts. It is a regional musical celebration featuring national, regional and local Jazz, Rhythm & Blues talent. They also have a Cooking Studio demonstration to add a tasty, interactive culinary component. Joining us to discuss the event and the scholarship program are Tim Mahone and Ardis Mahone Mosley, along with 2014 Mahone Scholarship recipient Marissa Greathouse.
The HarborPark Jazz Rhythm & Blues Festival takes place this Saturday, August 19 at Celebration Place on Kenosha's Lakefront. Tickets can be purchased at Tenuta's Deli & Liquors, Jack Andrea's Cafe, or the Kenosha Community Foundation. For more info and tikets, call (262) 654-2412 or visit MahoneFund.org.
LONDON, ENGLAND--(Marketwired - Oct. 6, 2017) - The musician Beyoncé once sang: "Who run the world? Girls!"
And it certainly seems that way from the latest issue of World Finance.
In this new edition, its writers look at the legacy of women all over the world, in some of the most competitive industries.
One individual who has made remarkable changes within the financial sector is Ana Botín, Executive Chairman of Santander Group.
They have been described as the most powerful woman in banking, even in spite of wanting to work in journalism when they first started their career. With Botín at the helm, the market capitalisation of Santander now stands at $89.4bn and the bank has more than 100 million customers worldwide.
Laura French delves into the story of this leader's incredible performance.
World Finance also looks at the past, present and future of Christine Lagarde, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund.
For all of their life, Lagarde has been a pioneer in economics - and an inspiration to others looking to enter male-dominated sectors. World Finance explains how with resistance, endurance and intelligence, Lagarde has led the world through financial crisis, and become such a renowned figure.
Also in this issue, Elizabeth Matsangou asks an important question about marriage.
Is it worth it, any more? Financially, that is.
Divorce can be extremely pricey, but more and more research indicates that marriage yields great rewards. In fact, married people in their 20s, 30s and 40s grow their wealth by 14 percent for each year of partnership, according to recent data.
Discover how marriage can improve one's fortunes in the latest issue of World Finance.
In the rest of the magazine, Lujan Scarpinelli looks at Donald Trump's performance, which has not been as catastrophic on economic markets as many predicted.
There is also discussion on the financial performance of countries around the globe and the fascinating rise of green bonds.
For the best insights in finance, economics, markets and more, pick up your copy of World Finance, available in print, online and on tablet now.
http://www.worldfinance.com/
World News Media is a leading publisher of quality financial and business magazines, which enjoys a global distribution network that includes subscriber lists of prominent and senior decision-makers around the world.
Three Xanax pills and eight grams of heroin were found inside a safe an employee tried to retrieve Sunday from a store in Spanaway. Pierce County Sheriff's Department
Jhanvi Kapoor & Ishaan Khattar On India's Best Dramebaaz
On India's Best Dramebaaz, Jhanvi looked pretty in light pink-white colour top and skirt, while their Dhadak co-star, Ishaan also complimented them in a (dark) pink shirt and black pant.
Vivek Shares A Picture
Sharing a picture, Vivek Oberoi wrote, "Beautiful chemistry with that adorable innocence! You guys look great together! @ishaan95 you're spontaneity is awesome....instantly lovable! Killer abs pretty impressive too! Lol! @janhvikapoor you're absolutely lovely...with that million dollar smile! God bless you both with great success for #Dhadak! #indiasbestdramebaaz #dramebaazdiaries @zeetv @omungkumar @iamhumaq." - (sic)
Huma Qureshi
Huma Qureshi too, shared the same picture and wrote, "Look who dropped in on our set today ... The #Dhadak Duo @janhvikapoor @ishaan95 ❤❤❤ #IBD Season 3 just got cuter !!! @omungkumar @vivekoberoi." - (sic)
Omung Kumar With Jhanvi Kapoor
Omung Kumar shared a picture snapped with Jhanvi and wrote, "All the best @janhvikapoor on your debut film #dhadak we know you will shine in the film:) had a great time with you on our show #indiasbestdramebaaz @zeetv." - (sic)
Vivek Shares An Adorable Picture Of Jhanvi
Vivek also shared an adorable picture of Jhanvi holding a puppy, and wrote, "True love! Hahaha! @janhvikapoor it was such a treat to have you on our show, from that little kid when I first saw you to now....what a wonderful young lady you've become! God bless you with great success! All the best for #dhadak! Hope that puppy makes u smile always! #indiasbestdramebaaz." - (sic)
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
WEEKEND RECRUITING TIDBITS
A lot of prospects were reported to be unofficially visiting Tuscaloosa this past weekend. Unofficial visits are always subject to change. Bad weather in the Tuscaloosa area might have prevented some from visiting, but several highly-regarded prospects did make it. Here are a few quick recruiting tidbits.
OL JAVONNE SHEPHERD
We are told that four-star Javonne Shepherd (6-6, 320) of Houston-North Forest had a great visit to Alabama. Texas A&M and Texas have been considered the early leaders. But there is now quite a bit of buzz in Tuscaloosa about Alabama's possibly becoming a strong contender.
OL CLAY WEBB
Five-star offensive lineman Clay Webb of Oxford, AL was in town on Saturday for the scrimmage. The 6-3 Webb is a solidly built 295-pounder. Webb spent time on the visit with new Tide quarterback commit Paul Tyson of Hewitt-Trussville. Webb is considered a strong Alabama lean.
QB TAULIA TAGOVAILOA
Thompson QB Taulia Tagovailoa has also spent the past few days in town. We won't be surprised if Tagovailoa pulls the trigger for Alabama later this spring.
PK WILL REICHARD
Hoover placekicker Will Reichard was in for Saturday's scrimmage. Reichard is generally considered the nation's top placekicker, and Alabama is considered the strong favorite.
LB SHANE LEE
Baltimore-St. Frances four-star Shane Lee has the look of a real thumper at inside backer. Lee is close to 6-0 and about 240 pounds. They were at Saturday's scrimmage.
DE ANTONIO ALFANO
Four-star defensive lineman Antonio Alfano (6-4, 278) of Colonial, NJ spent a couple of days in town. Alfano tweeted that they had an “amazing” visit. Alfano has offers from Alabama, Florida, FSU, Georgia, LSU, Miami, Penn State, Tennessee and USC, among others.
WR JULIAN FLEMING
2020 WR Julian Fleming of Catawissa-Southern Columbia, PA was slated to visit Alabama this weekend.  They are considered by some to be the nation's top rising junior receiver. The buzz is that Tide WR coach Josh Gattis (formerly of Penn State) has strong ties with Fleming. Alabama seems to be the early favorite.
QB HARRISON BAILEY
Very highly-regarded 2020 QB Harrison Bailey of Marietta, GA was in town. The 6-5, 225-pound Bailey already has 20 offers, including ones from Alabama, Auburn, Florida, FSU, Georgia, Michigan and Tennessee, among others.
OL DARNELL WRIGHT
Looking forward to A-Day next Saturday, Alabama will host numerous prospects. One expected in is Huntington, WV five-star offensive tackle Darnell Wright. The 6-6, 320-pound Wright might be the top OT in the 2019 class. While some say that Ohio State is the early favorite, sources told Tider Insider's Rodney Orr that Alabama is the team to watch. Tennessee is also in the mix.
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Millions of Americans will be firing up the grill today for their Fourth of July parties.
If you're one of them, you'll want to inspect your grill for a possible danger.
Every year about 130 people go to the emergency room from injuries from wire grill brushes. What people don't realize is that wire pieces can break off and stick to the grill. They can then transfer to any food that is being cooked on the grill.
“There's a piece of wire that you're not going to be able to digest and that can cause an internal burn injury that can actually burn through parts of your stomach or your intestines,” said Dr. Erick Eiting.
It's a type of injury that can be easily avoided.
“It's best just to take a damp cloth, wipe off the entire area before you turn the grill on, just make sure it's clean and make sure nothing else is on there because that's how it gets on to the food, it's like a hidden particle that latches on to the food,” said Eiting.
Research shows that 1,600 people visited the E-R with wire-bristle brush injuries between 2002 and 2014.
Stocks at record levels after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
South Korea coach Shin Tae-yong has been christened the “Asian Mourinho”, but with a fiendishly difficult World Cup assignment the question is: will they park the bus in Russia?
The 49-year-old former South Korea international midfielder has won many admirers with their tactical acumen and charismatic persona since taking over the national team job in June 2017.
And in Tottenham Hotspur forward Son Heung-min, Shin has a world-class player and potential match-winner in their ranks.
But South Korea have been dropped into a minefield of a group alongside World Cup holders Germany, Mexico and Sweden.
It was little surprise then that Shin included a “dirty dozen” of 12 defenders in their initial squad in an attempt to keep things tight in Russia, with much of the attacking burden likely to fall on the mercurial Son.
The Taeguk Warriors famously reached the semi-finals when South Korea co-hosted the 2002 World Cup but they struggled in qualifying for this year's tournament — and a cruel draw did little to boost morale.
One of Asia's brightest footballing minds, Shin has won everything there is to win in their home country at club level, including six K-League titles and an Asian Champions League with Seongnam Ilhwa between 1992 and 2004.
After beginning their coaching career at Australia's Queensland Roar, Shin had caretaker and assistant spells with the national side from 2014 before taking charge last year after German Uli Stielike was sacked.
They ended 2017 by steering the Koreans to the East Asian title in Tokyo, thrashing fierce rivals Japan 4-1 along the way — always a sure-fire way to win over fans and the notoriously fickle local media.
A sharp dresser likely to give dapper German boss Joachim Loew a run for their money in the fashion stakes, Shin will nonetheless have to cut their coat according to their cloth in order to take their side to the knockout stage for the third time.
Kendrick Lamar ‘s latest album Damn is still a hot topic — especially when it comes to the people they called out on some of the songs.
On “Yah,” K. Dot blasted TV personality Geraldo Rivera, rapping “Fox News wanna use my name for percentage. Somebody tell Geraldo this n***a got some ambition.” The shade comes as a response to statements Rivera made on Fox News regarding the rapper following their controversial “Alright” performance at the 2015 BET Awards.
On Friday, Rivera responded to Kendrick in a 18-minute Facebook video, saying, “Aside from Drake, in my opinion, [Lamar is] probably the best hip-hop artist out there today. [However] I think too much of hip-hop, too much of rap in the last couple of decades has really portrayed the cops as the enemy, as the occupying army in the ghetto, in the inner city, in the urban centers. It's an US against them where this very popular, powerful art form, this poetry, is being used to really set young people, young minorities — Black and Latinos, principally — against the officers who are sworn to protect them.”
They continued on ranting, “[Hip-hop is] the worst role model. It's the worst example. It's the most negative possible message. And what's the point of it? I mean, you sell records. I get that. You sell records. I get that this stuff is, you know, popular, but it avoids the central reality, just as Black Lives Matter avoids the central reality. I know that the real danger to real Black men and real brown men now is that their role model will sing about cops being killers and the system being stacked and there's no chance of advancement and all the rest of it.”
As for where their relationship with K. Dot stands now, Rivera added, “I have no beef with Kendrick Lamar, anyone else in the business, but if you don't have a positive attitude, you're dooming yourself to a life that you profess to despise.”
Kendrick Lamar said what they said, and we're pretty sure he's unbothered by the video response. Check it out above.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
2:16 Drone flies over Lake Oroville Auxiliary Spillway
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
1:07 Jerry Sandusky speaks out entering the Centre County Courthouse
Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) is the current darling of the left — which tells you just how crazy Democrats have gotten.
CNNPolitics reports, accurately, Waters is “having a moment” with the biggest online buzz since Bernie Sanders. Elle dubbed them “The Millennials' Political Rock Star.”
Yet she's every bit the over-the-top lefty she's been for decades. Indeed, she's winning all the praise by calling for President Trump's impeachment.
On the record, at least 25 times.
Last week, they told the Los Angeles Press Club, “I want this president impeached.” They spent the weekend leading a crowd of activists in an “Impeach 45!” chant.
But MSNBC's Craig Melvin pressed them on the issue Tuesday, and they quickly insisted, “I have not called for impeachment.”
No, they claimed, they want the Russian-collusion stuff investigated first: “We need the facts in order to do the impeachment. And I'm going to work every day to try and help get those facts and to reveal them to our public until, of course, impeachment has taken place.”
Waters, in short, can't be bothered to make sense — and that's why they love them
Buffalo's Stephanie Reid, center, cuts between Florida State's Chatrice White, left, and AJ Alix as they attempt a shot in the second round game of the NCAA women's college basketball tournament, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Tallahassee, Fla. Steve Cannon AP Photo
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — An autopsy revealed a Jacksonville man who was found dead in a ditch died due to head injuries after jumping from a moving vehicle.
Deputies responded to Stella Road in Swansboro on May 23, where they recovered the body of Clifton McFadden III.
McFadden, who deputies said had a history of mental health issues, was last seen at their parents' Jacksonville residence on May 15.
Three people who were traveling with McFadden told deputies McFadden was acting paranoid and erratic while riding in the back seat of the vehicle before jumping out of the car while it was traveling about 50 to 60 miles per hour.
Deputies said the witnesses tried to find McFadden but failed to see them in a ditch covered with vegetation. After two attempts to find him, the witnesses left, assuming they ran off. Deputies said the witnesses did not call 911 and report it.
The Onslow County Sheriff's Office said no charges will be filed and extended their condolences to McFadden's family.
Dallas Cowboys outside linebacker Jaylon Smith (54) and Dallas Cowboys running back Rod Smith (45) celebrate after Rod Smith scored their second touchdown of the night during the second half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on Sunday, December 10, 2017. Dallas Cowboys defeated the New York Giants 30-10. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
Jean-Jacques Taylor, Cowboys insider for NBC 5 in Dallas-Fort Worth (KXAS-TV) and host of J Dub City 9 a.m.-1 p.m. weekdays on 103.3 KESN-FM, answered your questions in a chat recently. Here are some highlights:
Which of the many Smiths on the Cowboys has impressed you the most this season?
JJT: I'll rank them for you.
The best Smith has to be Tyron. When he's healthy, he's the best left tackle in the game. They dominate NFL players the way 5-star recruits dominate guys who aren't going to play college ball. He's on another level.
Then I'd put Rod Smith. He's been playing well since training camp and he's getting better and better each week. Their confidence is flowing and that's making them a better player.
Then comes Jaylon Smith. He's improved considerably the past few weeks because he's seeing the game better. They learn from their experiences, and he's played so much that he's finally getting a feel for what they need to do.
Keith Smith is the last one, but he's done nice job on special times and the few times they have been needed at fullback.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:36 Kids celebrate 'Noon Year's Eve' at the San Luis Obispo Children's Museum
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:30 How Cambria's colorful, often kooky, scarecrows are made
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
Why it matters to you Star Wars superfans have spent years making an improved version of The Empire Strikes Back, using brand-new shots and practical effects to fill what they perceive are holes in the original.
After years of hard work, one rabid Star Wars fan has released The Empire Strikes Back ‘Revisited,' a brand-new cut of the film that gets as close to the original version as possible, and improves on it with new original photography and effects work.
Created by Twitter user Adywan, who previously made a re-hashed version of Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope, this new creation, The Empire Strikes Back ‘Revisited‘ used new models created by fans specifically for this version of the film, aiming to fulfill what the creator says is, “What the Special Editions should have been.”
“The day has finally come where I can share this edit with all of you,” said Adywan on the project's Facebook page, “It's been a long hard slog, with many ups and downs (mainly downs), but I was never prepared to just give up. The support you have all shown is what kept me going, so I can't thank you enough.”
For Star Wars fans who have been following this project for years, the new fan edit offers a unique viewing experience, filling visual holes in the original, and providing arguably the highest quality fan edit of the classic film. The biggest fans of the sci-fi franchise tend to want to stick as closely to the original prints of the film as possible, with one group even going so far as to raise thousands of dollars to restore an original 1977 print of Episode IV.
Getting your hands on a copy of the latest episode of Star Wars ‘Revisited' will require some doing, as it is very illegal to share work protected by copyright without the express permission of its owner — and we can't imagine Disney sanctioning this fan edit any time soon. While we don't condone illegal activity at Digital Trends, and therefore can't point you in the direction of a copy, we will say that those who are willing to do a little digging will likely be able to find one online.
Fans of the ‘Revisited' series will be happy to learn that Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi is also on the way.
“I will be taking a week or so off from working on these edits and then I shall be getting stuck into ROTJ:R,” wrote Adywan at the bottom of the Empire Strikes Back ‘Revisited' announcement. “I know some have been telling me to take a long holiday after finishing this but, hell, I haven't had a holiday since 1997, so I doubt I'd miss anything.”
If you've gotten your hands on the ‘Revisited' versions of the first two films and are looking for a fun way to watch them, check out our article about the best order to follow in watching the Star Wars films.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Families have spoken of their safety fears after the third serious attack at a popular park in four months.
Users of Babbs Mill Park in Kingshurst, Solihull, admitted they were nervous following the spate of incidents.
The most recent saw the attempted rape of an 11-year-old girl as they walked home from school last Friday.
A man, aged 35, was arrested early on Tuesday in connection with the attack but released without charge and eliminated from police enquries.
In February, a woman was sexually assaulted at knifepoint at Babbs Mill.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
And a woman, in their 20s, was attacked on June 6 as they ate them lunch.
They were approached by a man who asked them if they had seen their lost dog but then pulled a knife on them
Patrols have been stepped up in the area while investigations continue.
Young mum Lorraine Burkett often strolls through the park with their one-year-old daughter, Jaya.
But the 32-year-old admitted they were now having second thoughts.
"My partner doesn't like me walking here but I always watch my back," they said.
"I have always walked around the park."
Lorraine, who owns a beauty salon, Adora Beauty, at nearby Hatton Country World, added: "It's so lovely but I am careful and I don't walk in the secluded areas as I feel less safe there and there are are not always people around.
"What's happened is shocking."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
The park was created in 1977 to commemorate the Queen's Silver Jubilee and is recognised as a haven for wildlife.
It has a lake, the River Cole, wildflower grasslands and woodland and is a habitat for owls and a protected area for bats.
Barry Brunger has lived in Smith's Wood for 49 years.
"I walk the dogs every morning around around here and I have done for the past six years," they said.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
"I've never had any problems and I've met some nice people."
A mum with a 13-year-old son was adamant they wouldn't allow them to go to the park on their own.
"It's not safe around here, it used to be a nice place to be but not now," they said.
"I think this attack is absolutely shocking.
"It's a beautiful place but the bad things that are happening these days - it's no surprise. In broad daylight, for something like this to happen here, it's disgusting."
Keen cyclist Stefan Ford was horrified to learn of the latest attack.
"I cycle through the park two or three times a week to Stechford from the airport," they said.
"I cannot believe this has happened. It's crazy. There are knives everywhere nowadays. I don't understand the mentality."
Do you feel safe walking in your local park? Email cathrina.hulse@reachplc.com with your thoughts.
Lebanon attorney Jere McCulloch died in August 2013 while competing in a bicycle race, something they loved.
Empower Me Day Camp is a nonprofit organization established in 1999 by a group of pediatric therapists. The goal of the organization is to empower special needs children through creating new opportunities to enhance the quality of their lives.
McCulloch was an avid supporter of Empower Me Day Camp, and a yearly event was established to benefit the nonprofit organization the year after they died.
Leadership Wilson, a group McCulloch helped found, along with the Rochelle, McCulloch & Aulds law firm and several local businesses came together a year after McCulloch's death to create the type of event that McCulloch loved to participate.
The money raised at this year's event will go toward building a Miracle Baseball Field, which has specialized turf that allows children in walkers or wheelchairs to move smoothly over the surface.
The event will feature three different rides for riders of various skill level and ages. There will be the 15-mile Elizabeth's Ride, the 30-mile Brayden's Ride and the 50-Mile Jere's Ride.
On-site registration for the even will begin Saturday at 6:30 a.m. The rides will begin at 7 a.m.
Registration for the event is currently $40 and will include a T-shirt and meal.
To register or for more information, visit jeresride.com.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (WCCO) — Ahead of the Super Bowl, our state's largest airport is bracing for the largest crowds it has ever seen.
Tens of thousands of people will pass through security gates at MSP International and officials are bracing for those crowds.
The TSA at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport is expecting Monday, Feb. 5 will be the busiest day ever on record for screening operations.
To help things move quickly, 20 explosive detection canines will be working in both terminals leading up to and after the game on Sunday.
Related: Official Release From TSA
Security experts say these dogs are 100 percent accurate, 100 percent of the time.
“It's their cute little button noses, honestly. They can detect explosives and explosive contents better than any technology at this point,” said Clifford C. Van Leuven, the Federal Security Director for Minnesota.
The record number of travelers does include non-Super Bowl related travelers as well.
One-hundred-and-fifteen to 120 additional security and TSA officers will also be working throughout and after the Super Bowl.
Fox River Grove to close village hall on Saturdays
hello
Fox River Grove Village Hall no longer will be open on Saturdays starting next month.
Officials said the impetus for the change is to save costs because the number of visits during Saturday hours has declined with the introduction of alternative ways to access village payments, information, and services.
The last Saturday on which village hall will be open is June 24. The police department will remain open on Saturdays.
Residents now can make online payment for utility bills and vehicle stickers through the village website, foxrivergrove.org. Payments also can be made at all hours via the drop box outside village hall.
The Request for Service System provides residents with a one-stop shop for resolving all concerns. It tracks the status of all requests. Residents can access this system at any time by visiting the village website and clicking on the blue button on the right side that reads "Request A Service." They also can initiate a service request by sending an email to village@foxrivergrove.org or calling village hall at (847) 639-3170.
All village forms also are accessible through the Document Center on the village website and can be sorted by type. For questions or comments email village@foxrivergrove.org or call the village hall at (847) 639-3170.
NEW YORK (AP) – Starbucks plans to start testing concoctions that mix coffee and ice cream.
The Seattle chain said it will serve “affogato” varieties of hot or cold coffee over ice cream at 100 stores in Orange County, California, starting Wednesday, with pricier versions sold at 10 locations with its “reserve” bars.
Spokeswoman Holly Hart Shafer said the treats were first introduced at the company's Roastery store in Seattle, which is a pipeline for potential new menu items. They noted that “affogato” means “drowned” in Italian. The priciest version at regular stores is a 12-ounce option that costs $6.45 and mixes cold brew coffee with ice cream.
The test was first reported by Business Insider.
Starbucks Corp. has successfully driven up sales over the years in part by introducing pricier new items.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
2/14/2017 5:24:19 PM (GMT -5:00)
SEATTLE — Amazon.com scientists have dreamed up a scheme straight out of “Voltron,” a 1980s animated show for kids where several vehicles joined together to form an evil-fighting super-robot. In this case it's a super-drone.
In a patent filing dated Thursday, the e-commerce giant says it wants to build a “collective” unmanned aerial vehicle by having smaller drones stick together in various configurations. That would allow the super-drone to carry “virtually any size, weight, or quantity of items, travel longer…
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom have started their summer spending spree and are targeting more recruits in the week ahead.
Sam Johnstone signed from Manchester United for £6million and a number of strikers are now under consideration.
A successful transfer window will give Albion hope of securing an immediate return back to the Premier League.
But promotion favourites, Stoke City, continue to be attracted to mega-money moves.
Matt Ritchie is the latest, as reported by The Sun.
The Newcastle winger is a £15million target and will be offered a whopping £4million-a-year deal to join, according to reports.
James McLean is still on the radar while Benik Afobe and Nigerian international Etebo Oghenekaro has joined from Feirense for £6.3m.
Stoke are expected to lose Xherdan Shaqiri, though, while Ramadan Sobhi joined Huddersfield Town last month.
Betting odds
Sky Bet Championship Champions (Paying 4 places) Promotion Relegation
Stoke City
Champions: 11/2
Promotion: 7/4
Relegation: 50/1
West Brom
Champions: 8/1
Promotion: 5/2
Relegation: 28/1
Middlesbrough
Champions: 10/1
Promotion: 3/1
Relegation: 25/1
Swansea City
Champions: 10/1
Promotion: 3/1
Relegation: 22/1
Leeds United
Champions: 10/1
Promotion: 7/2
Relegation: 16/1
Brentford
Champions: 14/1
Promotion: 9/2
Relegation: 14/1
Derby County
Champions: 14/1
Promotion: 9/2
Relegation: 16/1
Nottingham Forest
Champions: 14/1
Promotion: 9/2
Relegation: 12/1
Aston Villa
Champions: 14/1
Promotion: 5/1
Relegation: 7/1
Norwich City
Champions: 22/1
Promotion: 7/1
Relegation: 12/1
Sheffield United
Champions: 22/1
Promotion: 7/1
Relegation: 10/1
Sheffield Wednesday
Champions: 22/1
Promotion: 7/1
Relegation: 9/1
Bristol City
Champions: 25/1
Promotion: 8/1
Relegation: 7/1
Preston North End
Champions: 28/1
Promotion: 9/1
Relegation: 15/2
Wigan Athletic
Champions: 33/1
Promotion:10/1
Relegation: 6/1
Birmingham City
Champions: 33/1
Promotion: 11/1
Relegation: 13/2
Hull City
Champions: 40/1
Promotion: 12/1
Relegation: 9/2
Blackburn Rovers
Champions: 40/1
Promotion: 14/1
Relegation: 5/1
Millwall
Champions: 40/1
Promotion: 14/1
Relegation: 5/1
Queens Park Rangers
Champions: 40/1
Promotion: 14/1
Relegation: 5/1
Reading
Champions: 50/1
Promotion: 16/1
Relegation: 4/1
Ipswich Town
Champions: 66/1
Promotion: 28/1
Relegation: 11/4
Bolton Wanderers
Champions: 100/1
Promotion: 40/1
Relegation: 7/4
Rotherham United
Champions: 150/1
Promotion: 66/1
Relegation: 6/5
Foster latest
West Brom are in continued negotiations with Watford over the sale of Ben Foster - but are yet to agree a fee.
The clubs have been in discussions for the last few days after the Baggies turned down an initial £1m offer.
Reports suggest that was upped to £2.5m over the weekend but the actual fee is yet to be rubber-stamped.
The Daily Mail reckons Baggies have agreed to accept £4m but Birmingham Live understands at this stage that is premature - though £4m probably would tempt Albion.
It does seem that the goalkeeper's seven year stay at The Hawthorns is nearly at an end and it is possible a deal could be finalised over the weekend.
Albion have already found Foster's replacement, Sam Johnstone a £6.5m signing from Manchester United.
Open Daw
Craig Dawson is continuing to train with West Bromwich Albion's first-team, despite reports they had been ostracised in the wake of their Portugal training camp snub.
Dawson refused to fly to the Algarve last week in protest at the club's hardline stance, following rejected bids for them from Burnley and West Ham.
It was claimed, by some media outlets, that head coach Darren Moore had banished Dawson to the sidelines and ordered them to train away from the group.
But Birmingham Live understands Dawson and Ben Foster, who also opted out of Portugal, have trained with the rest of the squad since the players returned from the Amendoeira Resort on Sunday.
Phew!
West Bromwich Albion's pre-season friendly at Barnet on Saturday has been rearranged to avoid a clash with England's World Cup quarter-final.
The Baggies and The Bees were due to meet at 3pm, the exact same time as England's last eight encounter with Sweden in Samara.
But the match will now kick off at 12.30pm to allow both sets of fans to catch both games.
Free entry to the aptly-named ‘Bar 66' - located within Barnet's stadium - is available to all ticket holders keen to watch the England game.
Saturday's game is the first of five pre-season fixtures for the Baggies.
Albion are expected to sport their new home kit and hand a debut to goalkeeper Sam Johnstone, following their £6 million switch from Manchester United this week.
Batth linked
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a shock move for Danny Batth ahead of the new season.
The Daily Mirror write that Batth could be a target for Wolves' fierce rivals, who are looking for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley.
With Ahmed Hegazi and Craig Dawson also wanted by top flight clubs, Albion is in need of reinforcements in the centre-back department.
Batth, who battled with Ryan Bennett for a place in the Wolves starting XI last season, could find their game time restricted further in the Premier League.
poll loading Would you like Albion to sign Danny Batth from Wolves? 500+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Willy Boly has signed permanently and Conor Coady is set to retain their starting spot as Nuno Espirito Santo's men take on the top flight.
Our Wolves columnist Ryan Leister said: "I'd be very surprised if Danny made the move across the Black Country and not just because it's the old enemy.
"He's a popular figure within the club and let's not forget he's been the club captain for the last two promotions, so I'm not sure he's not going to give up on the club now they are finally back in the top flight.
"I'm positive they are more than aware that he'll face additional competition for places next term but for the time being, I'd say he'll keep their head down and take any opportunity when it's given."
As Maame Biney laces up their skates for one of their last practices before heading to the Winter Olympics, their mind drifts to their upcoming 18th birthday -- and the prospect of their first cell phone.
"Dad says he's going to get me one," they say, their permagrin on full display.
Rocking a jacket from the World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Austria, where their daughter snared bronze in the 500-meter, Kweku Biney leans against the protective padding surrounding the rink. Montell Jordan plays over the loudspeakers.
A single father, Kweku Biney has long been there for their daughter -- from the time they landed at Dulles after leaving their native Ghana at age 5 till now, as they make final preparations for the PyeongChang Games. On February 10, when they become the first African-American woman to represent the United States in Olympic speed skating, he'll be there, too.
"Right, daddy?" Maame asks, fixed on the phone.
"Somehow," they say, their voice barely audible over the drone of a Zamboni polishing the long track at the Utah Olympic Oval.
Maame -- pronounced "MAH-may" -- spins toward their fellow skaters, which include three-fifths of the men's Olympic short-track team. "You all just heard that!"
They needle their teammate. Heard what? They didn't hear anything. They try to pull a reporter into their camp. Surely, someone heard it!
Kweku Biney's smile widens.
"Did I say that? No one heard it," they say, laughing.
As Maame continues their preparations, strapping on their helmet and an "E.T." glove with carbon-fiber bulbs at the tips of each finger, their father confides in the reporter.
"Phones get them in trouble, but she's mature," they say. "Eighteen, you know?"
'A Maame laugh ... settles everyone down'
With power that belies their youth, Maame is America's best hope for a medal in the 500 meters. They also qualified for the 1,500, but their specialty is the shorter race. Maame jumps off the line like a sprinter, scrambling for the critical inside position. The E.T. glove gives them just enough leverage to glide through the turns, their shoulder maybe 2 feet from the ground.
It doesn't take long to finish four-and-a-half laps of 111.111 meters each. If you're watching, go to the bathroom at your own risk.
Coach Anthony Barthell, who's known Maame since they were 11, said they were a "powerful little girl," oozing natural talent. Taller and stronger than their peers, she's like no one he's ever coached, they said, but they still have plenty of work to do on their technique -- that "push" skaters used to propel themselves to speeds of around 30 mph.
At trials in December, they won the finals by more than a half second, an eternity in speed skating. Them time of 43.161 is just over eight-tenths of a second off the world record set by British skater Elise Christie in 2016. At 18, Maame has ample time to close that gap. They beat their own personal best five or six times last year alone, Barthell said.
They have "maybe one or two more Olympics in her, possibly three," the coach told CNN.
Yet Maame's greatest contribution to Team USA isn't necessarily their athleticism. It may be their smile. We're not talking some impish simper, oh no. We're talking a toothy, 1,000-watt grin that blooms across most of their lower face.
Them positivity is boundless. Late last year, a Belgian skater's 17½-inch blade snapped, flew into their face and ripped into their lip and chin, requiring stitches. But Maame didn't dwell on that. They took to Instagram. "Who won? You guys should see the blade," they posted.
"I love having people smile and laugh because if you're smiling and laughing, then that means you're happy, and being happy ... is the best present you can ever give to anyone every single day, so I love doing that," they told CNN, a faint white battle scar on their chin.
Them hearty belly laugh, which resonates throughout the cavernous Olympic Oval, even over the Zamboni, plays into Barthell's practices.
"A Maame laugh, that just settles everyone down," they said after a recent practice. "If I see that she's tired and the morale's starting to go down -- the team, the chemistry's just a little low, the atmosphere's a little low for me -- I'll go up and crack a joke because I know it could be a horrible joke, but she's going to be the one that laughs and everyone else starts recovering a little easier."
Them demeanor hasn't changed much since they were an 11-year-old, said Barthell, who was named the US short track coach in 2016.
"I just remember them sitting there smiling and laughing and whenever I went to shake their hand, they just busted out laughing. That was my first impression of her, that she's just a happy-go-lucky kid, and she's still the same," they said. "If she's having a bad day, you can't really tell."
Maame said that at their high school in Reston, Virginia, where they call home, they were known for "getting in trouble for laughing a lot." They said this while giggling.
That's been less of an issue their senior year. Since summer, she's been living with a host family while training for the 500 and 1,500 in Kearns, Utah, at a speed skating facility built for the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics. Though their father asked them to take a hiatus from school for the Olympics, they insisted on graduating with my friends.
They attend English and history classes, the final credits they need for graduation, via videoconference. At competitions, they watch recordings of the classes. They do homework between training sessions and regularly emails their teachers at South Lakes High School.
"She's an A and B student. If they study hard, they can make all As, but practice..." their father said, nodding toward the ice rink. "She's got to be a kid, too, sometimes, so I give them a pass."
From Accra to Reston
To say Maame's path to speed skating excellence was circuitous or unlikely is to sell it short.
Kweku Biney, 59, left Accra, Ghana, in the 1980s, hitchhiking north through the Sahara Desert and eventually landing in Alicante, Spain -- almost 2,300 miles away as the crow flies.
They bopped around Europe for a while -- to Sweden, Denmark, Norway and France -- before flying to the States in 1984 and settling in Hyattsville, Maryland.
Now separated, Kweku had two kids with their wife: Maame and their little brother, Nana Kojo, 15, who still lives in Accra. Maame visited their dad for the first time in 2005. It didn't begin well.
As Kweku drove them from the airport to their home in Wheaton, Maryland, Maame began bawling. They wanted to go home.
They explained that they couldn't just get back on the plane: "I have to make certain things happen before you can do that."
They stopped crying and Kweku continued driving, only to stop 3 miles down the road to console them again. Then again on the Beltway. And again at home. They decided not to get out of the car and instead drove them to Wheaton Plaza Mall (now Westfield Wheaton).
"The first store we went into was JCPenney. This girl saw how big the store is. They were just running all over. 'Daddy, I like this one. No, no, daddy, I don't like this one. I like that thing over there,'" they recounted. "I just folded my arms, stood up and just watched them just run back and forth. They got tired and I just went and bought them a few things. They stopped crying, and that was it.
"The following day, this girl told me, 'Daddy, I'm not going back to Ghana.'"
Kweku Biney was making the commute to a government healthcare contractor in Reston, the same company that employs them today. They and Maame moved into a coworkers' basement to be closer to work and school, before finding an apartment in town.
'Let them go try speed skating'
About three months after Maame's introduction to an American mall, Kweku was driving near SkateQuest in Reston, where they saw a sign: "Learn to skate."
"Maame, do you want to try this?"
"What's that, daddy?"
"You know, just glide on the ice, move on the ice."
Maame responded with a blank look. Kweku didn't know much about skating, either. Soccer had always been their sport. But their daughter gave their dad a simple answer: "Yes."
"I don't think they really understood what I'm saying because they had never seen ice before," Kweku said. "I was really scared because I thought they were going to fall and then break their head open because where we are from, there's no ice. The only thing icy there is the cold beer."
Maame instantly fell in love with skating and "did it with ease," Kweku said. It wasn't long before an instructor told Kweku that Maame wasn't cut out for figure skating. They were too fast.
"Just let them go try speed skating," the instructor said.
The switch meant years of getting up before dawn on Saturdays. Kweku didn't appreciate their daughter's dedication to the sport until that third Saturday. They were bushed and didn't want to get up.
"She was 5 years old. They said, 'Daddy, it's Saturday morning. We have to go!' and I was like, 'Oh man, I thought they were going to be sleeping.' They aren't. They woke me up. And then we went, and I said, 'OK.' I didn't miss any time anymore," the proud papa said. "She's been running away with this thing ever since."
There were times Kweku went hungry to make sure they ate. Pricey skates, lessons and equipment meant they were never able to put away much in savings.
"I came to America with nothing, so when I die, I'm not going to take anything with me, so hey, just spend it on her," they said.
Kweku thanks God for guiding them past that SkateQuest sign in 2005, and they thank the United States for making Maame's story possible.
"Only in America, nowhere else," they said.
Asked how they feel about the political climate surrounding immigration, considering their immigrant daughter is set to proudly wear the red, white and blue in PyeongChang, they bristled. They don't want Maame to be a pawn in anyone's politics. They both love America. That's all you need to know.
"I told them to never get into politics. It's a dirty business," they said. "Sports, school, God -- that's it. No politics."
'Just normal Maame'
Ask Maame about their aspirations and, as nonchalantly as some high schoolers might speak of being a doctor one day, she'll say they want to be a chemical engineer, world speed skating champion and Olympic gold medalist. No big deal.
"I really have an interest in making things explode, and I guess my dad, they told me a few years ago that they were into chemistry when they were a little kid, so I guess chemistry runs in the family," they said.
When they take the ice later this month, she'll not only set precedent for African-American women, but she'll be one of only four foreign-born US Olympians, the second-ever African-born US Olympian and the second African-American speedskater on a US Olympics team. Them pal, Shani Davis, who's competing in their fifth Winter Olympics, was the first.
"It's a huge thing," they said, but they aren't hung up on the racial aspect of their accomplishments.
"I have friends who accept me and who don't think of me as being an African-American," they said. "They just think of me as being normal Maame or being human."
To any youngsters their achievements might inspire, no matter their race, they have a message: "Go out there, find an ice arena or ice rink, and just skate and try it out. ... You never know. You could be the next Olympian, which is an awesome thing to be."
'It was a graceful fall'
Maame realizes they wouldn't be among the world's fastest speed skaters without their dad. They speak to their mother in Ghana about once a week, but Kweku plays both roles here at home. It can be tough, especially at their age, they said.
"I like guys, and my dad, I'm always going to be their little girl, and I think it's a really awkward situation when you're like, 'Hey daddy, I like this guy. What do you think and stuff?' It's really hard to talk to them about it because he's like," they break into their best Kweku impression. "'No, you're going to get married when you're 50 years old.' All right, dad. OK. I see how it is."
But Kweku isn't one of these win-at-all-costs fathers. They want only what's best for them and would prefer they worry about guys when she's done with school and skating, they said.
The day before they won the 500 at the Olympic trials, Maame had what they felt was a poor run in the 1,500. Where others might rejoice at finishing third and qualifying for an Olympic event, Maame has a tendency to get down on themselves and worry that people won't like them unless they skate well, they said.
Kweku knew what to say.
"No matter what happens tomorrow, whether you get last or whether you get first, just know that I love you not because you're a speed skater but because you're Maame and you're my daughter," they told them
They went on to win the trials before falling onto their rump while pumping their fists in celebration.
"It was a graceful fall," their dad said, beaming.
Biney giddily recounted the moment. "I was like, 'I made the team. Holy cow, I made the team! (Squeal!)' And then I cheered so hard that I fell."
The graceful tumble and their post-race interview charmed everyone who saw them. Despite their maturity and speed, it felt like they might never relinquish them youth.
On the Wednesday before leaving for PyeongChang, Maame attended a short practice before hitting the stationary bike. It was a recovery day, and they were looking forward to some rare downtime. Kweku reminded them they had dinner plans with their host family that evening. They have no driver's license, so they made sure they had transportation lined up.
They were headed to Park City to see a friend, they told him. Both of their birthdays are coming up, so they'd agreed to pay for each other's ticket, they said, laughing at the absurdity of it. They'll grab grab a bubble tea -- taro with vanilla for Maame -- before catching the 4 o'clock showing of "Jumanji."
Typical afternoon for a couple of kids.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Mr Halliru Nadada, the Controller of Nigerian Prisons Service, Sokoto State Command, says the command has intensified efforts in inculcating morals and skills empowerment training in inmates in the state.
Nadada stated this in an interview with newsmen on Monday in Sokoto.
They said that the command had received robust facelift and working tools in the present administration, led by President Muhammadu Buhari to boost its operations.
They said inmates had also been attending literacy classes, religious studies and training on various skills aimed at promoting their productivity skills.
The controller stressed that prisons served as corrective centres and not places of punishment as people always considered them to be.
They explained that the command also obtained functional vehicles, provision of amenities and structural upgrading.
Nadada also said that the efforts had greatly enhanced routing transportation of inmates for trial as well as enhance the well-being of convicts.
According to him, the facelift has assisted the command to check its enormous challenges, in terms of overstretched facilities among others.
Nadada commended President Buhari and Minister of interior, retired LT,-Gen. Abdurahman Danbazau, for their efforts in giving the command facelift.
They advised Nigerians to patronise finished products produced by the inmates of the prisons and consider them part of the society, when freed.
The controller said prison officials had cordial working relationship with other security outfits in state, adding that officials of the command were being included in all security activities in the state.
They said in any suspected security breach during transportation of trial inmates to courts, the police usually serv as the command's reinforcement.
“We participate in activities when due and enjoyed state government's supports as well as Federal Government's attention which facilitate our duties well,'' Nadada said.
NAN
By Joel Reichenberger
It would seem like there wouldn't be much left to say with the end of the season approaching and the Steamboat Springs High School girls basketball still sitting winless at 0-21 at the time, but late last week, Sailors coach George Ibarra saw a need.
He'd overheard a player comment that she'd wanted to win so badly they were afraid of making a mistake.
Even staring a winless season in the face — which the team could …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
LINCOLN, Neb. — Lincoln police say a 12-year-old boy shot a nail from a BB gun into the chest of their younger brother.
The Lincoln Journal Star reports that the 7-year-old was shot Sunday afternoon. Lincoln police spokesperson Angela Sands said Monday that the nail struck near the boy's heart. They say their condition has stabilized at a Lincoln hospital.
The boys' names haven't been released.
TAMPA, FLA. (WSVN) - A man born in the Tampa Bay area is turning to social media to find the younger sister who likely has no idea they have a brother.
David Hunter Jones was born in Pinellas County on Dec. 24, 1984 and was adopted at “Baby Boy Dowding.”
Jones, now a Bull Shoals, Ark. resident, posted a photo of themselves on Facebook, Wednesday, with the message that they were looking for their biological sister, born on June 24, 1986, also in Pinellas County.
“You have a brother and biological father who would very much love to meet you!” they wrote in the message.
Jones said they found their biological father after their son was born. When the hospital asked them about their family health history, they began to search and found their father's stepson.
It was after finding their father that Jones discovered they have a sister.
Jones is asking anyone with information about their sibling's whereabouts to email them at davidhunterjones93@gmail.com.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
…lauds ‘Journey of An African Monarch' exhibitor
The Governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki, has assured artists, curators, collectors and art enthusiasts of their administration's support for the art and culture sector through a mix of market-oriented policies, promotion of Edo arts and crafts in the international market as well as the construction of a new museum in the state for the kingdom's prized artworks.
Obaseki said this at a photo exhibition in Benin City, with the theme: “Journey of An African Monarch,” organised by Mr. Omoregie Osakpolor.
According to the governor, “Edo State has continued to produce some of the finest artists in the industry and I urge our youths to take advantage of the enabling environment we are creating for them to express themselves.”
The organiser said the exhibition showcased a photography series reenacting the great Benin kingdom's coronation rites of the 40th Oba, Oba Ewuare Ogidigan II.
“The series which tells the two-week coronation story of the Omo n'Oba n'Edo, Oba Ewuare II's ascension to the throne of the King of the ancient Benin kingdom, goes beyond just a collection of pictures, but also the reenactment of the Benin traditional rites of the coronation of the Oba and rich cultural heritage of the Edo people.”
They expressed their gratitude to the governor for identifying with the exhibition, and noted that the governor's endorsement of the event will raise its profile.
Osakpolor explained that “the exhibition having witnessed a huge success in Lagos and Abuja, will be running in Benin at Ben Osawe Art Centre, till June 3.
They expressed their thanks to God for the success of the exhibition, which they said is “his first exhibition amongst other projects they have achieved in recent times.
Osakpolor is a documentary photographer and 2017 nominee for the Edwin George Prize for Photography at The Future Africa Awards.
PEMBROKE PINES, FLA. (WSVN) - A South Florida dancer has made their way to the Top 10 on this season's “So You Think You Can Dance.”
Nineteen-year-old Koine “Koko” Iwasaki, who's from Pembroke Pines, is now one of the season 14's finalists.
The top 10 performed Monday night and were paired up with all-stars in the hopes of winning over viewers' hearts and escape elimination.
Iwasaki was paired up with “So You Think You Can Dance” all-star Marko German.
The South Florida dancer knew they wanted to compete on the show since they saw the second season on FOX, and when they became eligible to audition at 18 years old, they auditioned and made it on the show.
Iwasaki is following in the footsteps of other dancers from the Sunshine State, like Miami dancer Ruby Castro, who participated on last year's kids' edition, and Miami's Gaby Diaz, who won season 12 in 2015.
Iwasaki is a graduate of Somerset Academy Arts Conservatory.
If you want to follow Iwasaki, “So You Think You Can Dance” continues next Monday at 8 p.m. right here on 7.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas (WSVN) — U.S. Customs and Border Patrol officers recovered thousands of pounds of cocaine after a U.S. Coast Guard cutter intercepted a semi-submersible vessel in the Gulf of Mexico.
According to the U.S. Border Patrol, officers pursued the vessel for several days, eventually recovering over 3,800 pounds of cocaine and arresting three crew members off the coast of Texas.
Border Patrol agents worked with several interagency partners, including the U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy, to track the vessel after a multi-day operation.
Officials say self-propelled semi-submersible vessels are designed to navigate low in the water to avoid detection.
“The drug cartels are relentless and extremely innovative,” said National Air Security Operations Center – Corpus Christi Director Allen Durham. “Interdicting self-propelled semi-submersible vessels requires expertise and the right aircraft. Air and Marine Operations will continue to beat the cartels at their own game to protect our borders.”
Officials said the three suspects arrested will be charged in the United States.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This story is about Published Now
Mike Modano on if Ken Hitchcock's coaching style can succeed in today's NHL Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Barber, Gary/FILE Mike Modano, #9, slides to try and make a pass out to a teammate, with Sylvain Lefebvre defending in the second period of Game 2 on May 24, 1999.
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Dallas Stars Hall of Famer Mike Modano recently joined 1310 The Ticket's "BaD Radio" to talk about the hiring of Ken Hitchcock as the team's head coach. Here are some highlights from their interview: Question: You know them very well. Ken Hitchcock appears to be the next coach of the Dallas Stars. I don't know where we should start, Mike, so let me just start there. What are your thoughts on that? Mike Modano: Well I'm excited, obviously, for the fans and the city of Dallas. Hitch is a unique guy. He's very intense. They love what they do. They want the best out of everybody. He'll be demanding and hard on a lot of people from top to bottom, but I think that's what really makes them who they are.
10 things you might not know about Ken Hitchcock, like hilarious story about Brenden Morrow, Brett Hull
Coaches in pro sports, when you fire someone you're in that fraternity where if something pops up you're going to be mentioned in the next gig and the next job down the road. Once I knew [Lindy] Ruff was out I kinda had an idea that Hitch might be in the fold. You have to act quickly on these coaches that are available because they're going to be picked up by someone pretty quick. So you gotta make those decisions fast. But I'm excited for him. I know they love what they do. They can't say goodbye like a lot of us when we're close to our end. You like to have one more good couple exciting years to it. So I'm happy for him. Question: What did you think of the team this year? Mike Modano: ... I think there were a lot of high hopes there because not a lot of personnel change. The players are getting better and bigger, and you're adding some free agents here and there. 'Underachieve' is probably the safest word you could say. I think there were a lot of expectations that weren't reached. But I think it goes back to [the] philosophy of Lindy's, that kind of run-and-gun style. It's like score six or seven [goals] a night and hope you can keep three, four or five to the other opponent. I think it's a tough [way to play], it's a gamble, it's a hard way to play especially when you have to crunch it down and tighten it up for playoffs. So I could sense that it got frustrating in the goaltending. The revolving door between those two guys [Kari Lehtonen and Antti Niemi] got a little bit too much. And then I think their overall defensive play [is] what Hitch will address first and foremost is their play without the puck. That's what they addressed with us a long time ago. Nonetheless they never wanted to take away our creativity side of the puck in making offense and having good special teams [and] a good power play. They just wanted to make sure we were just as good without it as we were with it. Their ability to think that if we're good without it we're getting it back a lot more often then we're going to have chances to be better offensively. For us it took a long time to have that sink in but once it did we took off and we accepted it and had a lot of great success. I think they're gonna be in for a lot of hard work at camp and preseason, maybe the first couple months of the year to get that style under wraps here.
Perfect fit? New head coach Ken Hitchcock says 'special' Stars have potential for quick turnaround
Question: I totally think they are trying to fit Tyler Seguin in the Mike Modano story of 1996. Don't you think so, Mike? Mike Modano: I agree. I think Jamie [Benn] is kind of on that verge of being that real good two-way guy. He's the type of guy you can say, 'Hey, you gotta go out there against [Anze] Koptiar. You gotta go out there against Johnny Gaudreau and you gotta play against other team's top lines.' But I can see [Hitchcock] kind of leaning towards [Tyler] Seguin's issues where he's gotta be a little better without the puck. He's gotta be responsible. They do have the speed and the ability to turn mistakes into offense. So if he's in the right position at the right time checking hard he's gonna get those pucks. With their speed and creativity they can turn that into offense. I think he's talking more Seguin than Jamie at this time. Question: When you had to deal with Hitch the first time they were right out of the plane from Kalamazoo, which is certainly not a prestigous NHL location. I remember you guys back then like, 'This guy never played a shift in the NHL. Why am I listening to him?' Nowadays Ken Hitchcock is the established NHL guy who has been in all these places and done lots of good things. So I don't think they have the same credibility challenges they might have had back then with you guys. But now he's dealing with the, 'Has the game passed them by?' stuff from the other side of things. Can Ken Hitchcock's tactics work in 2017? Mike Modano: You can probably debate that. There's an evolution of coaches. They were a part of the game before the rule changes and the first big lockout in '03-04. [He] transitioned to a lot of teams. They had some pretty good successes in St. Louis. Their special teams were right up there in the top of the league. They kind of helped them get into the playoffs there for a couple rounds. Boy, it's an interesting aspect for him. But I think it's going to be a fun time for him. I think it's just a great idea to come back and be excited about it. We'll see. It is a hard way to play. They kind of had to earn their respect as a coach. They had Bob [Gainey] in their corner. They had success in juniors. They had success in the minor leagues. Everybody was kind of scared to take that gamble on a coach who hasn't quite had the experience and success in the NHL. But Bob didn't think twice about it. The personnel, the players have changed. The common athlete today is a little sensitive. They liked to be talked to a little gentler. They don't like to be yelled at. They think they can play better if they're just patted on the shoulder and sweet talked a little bit rather than yelled at. I think he'll come in and snap the whip. He's kind of in the same position. I think, they were when they came to Dallas the first time. They had some great talent, they had some great defense, he's got some guys who can win games. He's just having to kind of pull it together, really get some structure there and demand these guys so their top guys to be their top guys every night.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stoke City have completed the signing of goalkeeper Adam Federici from Premier League side Bournemouth.
The 33-year-old has moved to the Bet365 Stadium on a two-year deal, and replaces former Derby County keeper Lee Grant who moved to Manchester United.
Federici becomes Stoke's third signing of the summer, following the arrivals of Nigerian midfielder Oghenekaro Etebo and striker Benik Afobe.
The keeper joined the Cherries in the summer of 2015, but made just 17 appearances for the club with Asmir Begovic featuring in all 38 top-flight matches last season.
Three Championship clubs are reportedly in talks to sign former Ipswich Town striker David McGoldrick.
According to reports , Aston Villa, West Brom and Bristol City have all made contact with McGoldrick about a move, after the player left Portman Road following the expiration of their contract.
The 30-year-old joined the Tractor Boys in the summer of 2013 after a brief loan spell, and scored 41 goals in 145 appearances for the club.
During the 2017-18 campaign, McGoldrick netted eight goals before the end of November, but a groin injury meant their last appearance came in the 1-1 draw with rivals Norwich City in mid-Feburary.
2:24
What shots do your kids need for back to school?
0:36
Brain-eating amoeba: What you need to know
1:01
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
More than 12.2 million people have signed up for coverage nationwide this year under the Obama-era health care law even with the uncertainty created by President Donald Trump's vow to repeal and replace it.
A count by The Associated Press shows that many consumers returned to the program despite its problems. Aside from the political turmoil, those difficulties include a spike in premiums, rising deductibles and dwindling choice of insurers.
A man fills out an information card during an Affordable Care Act outreach event hosted by Planned Parenthood for the Latino community in Los Angeles, California September 28, 2013. JONATHAN ALCORN / Reuters file
Although initial enrollment is about 4 percent lower than last year, the sizable number of sign-ups illustrates the risk Republicans face as they begin moving to dismantle the Affordable Care Act and put in its place a yet-to-be-defined conservative approach.
AP's analysis showed that a clear majority of those enrolled -- nearly 64 percent -- live in states that Trump carried in November.
"If they are going to replace it, it had better be as good or better than what is there, and if it's not I think it's going to cost them," said John Chipman, a drummer from Austin, Texas, who's also covering their wife and their two children.
Related: On Obamacare's Last Signup Day, Its Fate is in the Balance
This year the family scaled back from a "silver" plan to "bronze" to avoid a big premium increase. But without the health law, Chipman says they and their wife would probably be turned down for health insurance because of pre-existing medical conditions.
The federal Health and Human Services Department reported last week that 9.2 million people signed up in the 39 states served by the HealthCare.gov website, which offers subsidized private health insurance to people who don't have job-based coverage.
AP checked with the remaining 11 states, and Washington, D.C., and found an additional 3 million enrolled, for a national total of 12.2 million. A full national report from the government won't be available for at least another month.
“ It's clear overall enrollment numbers are trending downward for Obamacare over last year, no doubt due to the law's unpopular mandates and high costs.”
Under the health care law, the nation's uninsured rate has fallen to a historic low of about 9 percent, with some 20 million people gaining coverage since its passage in 2010. In addition to the subsidized private plans available through HealthCare.gov and state marketplaces, the law offers states the option of extending Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
Republicans say this year's enrollment numbers do not equate to a success story for former President Barack Obama's signature domestic legislation.
To begin with, the numbers are well short of the 13.8 million people that the Obama administration had hoped to sign up. Also, the public health insurance markets usually see high attrition as the year goes on, with about 1 in 5 customers eventually dropping out. Some customers don't even bother to pay their first month's premium.
Related: Obamacare's 13 Million 2016 Signups
"It's clear overall enrollment numbers are trending downward for Obamacare over last year, no doubt due to the law's unpopular mandates and high costs," Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, said in a statement. Republicans "are committed to establishing a responsible transition phase to ensure as much stability as possible for consumers who purchased insurance."
A Trump administration spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment.
“ These numbers demonstrate that there's a demand for this insurance.”
One state -- Minnesota -- took extraordinary measures to keep residents insured. The state has seen premium increases averaging from 50 percent to 67 percent, and lawmakers used $312 million in rainy day funds to buy down monthly rates for consumers who don't get federal subsidies. Since most health law customers already get federal assistance, the bulk of the state money is going to residents who purchase plans outside the government-sponsored marketplace.
Supporters of the health care law say the political uncertainty about its future probably kept many people from signing up.
Related: Trump Voters Stand to Lose Most from ACA Repeal
"We heard from consumers saying they thought Obamacare had ended with President Obama's administration," said Elizabeth Colvin, who heads the health care sign-up program at Foundation Communities, an Austin nonprofit serving low-income working people. "Some consumers said, `Why bother if it's going to go away?"'
Although Colvin said the confusion made it harder to reach consumers, their program signed up some 4,000 people, or about 6 percent more than last year.
"These numbers demonstrate that there's a demand for this insurance, and that people see value in the financial protection that comes from health insurance and the access it gives you to health care," they said.
Vincent Daley, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, works three jobs but none of them offers insurance. They signed up during open enrollment after missing last year's. "Insurance was extremely important because I had been through an accident before playing rugby," they said.
AP's national tally of sign-ups comes as the Senate is moving to confirm Georgia member of congress Tom Price as the nation's next health secretary. Price, an orthopedic surgeon-turned-legislator, has authored their own plan to repeal and replace the Obama health law.
In confirmation hearings, they told senators that the new administration does not want to "pull the rug out" from people who now have coverage, and they all but acknowledged that there's no Trump replacement plan ready to roll out.
Independent analyst Caroline Pearson of the consulting firm Avalere Health said without the full support of the new administration, insurance markets will continue to struggle. "Insurer participation in 2018 remains uncertain, and some regions are at risk of having no participating plan," they said.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
(CNN) — On Sunday an Iranian drone flew in an “unsafe and unprofessional manner” close to a US aircraft carrier in the central Persian Gulf, according to the US Navy.
The QOM-1 drone came within 1,000 feet of US aircraft flying near the USS Nimitz. The official said the US Navy used an emergency radio frequency to attempt to call Iranian ground units.
A US defense official told CNN the US deemed the drone's behavior unsafe because it did not have any aircraft navigation lights on.
Lt. Ian McConnaughey, a US Naval Forces Central Command spokesperson confirmed the incident in a statement: “An Iranian QOM-1/Sadegh-1 conducted an unsafe and unprofessional approach of USS Nimitz. … The failure of the Iranian UAV to utilize standard, internationally-mandated navigation lights during a night time approach of a U.S. aircraft carrier engaged in flight operations created a dangerous situation with the potential for collision and is not in keeping with international maritime customs and laws.”
This is the 14th unsafe encounter with Iran this year, according to a US Navy official.
This latest incident is the second within a week that involved a drone interacting unsafely with US carrier-based aircraft.
CNN previously reported that on Tuesday, August 8, an Iranian QOM-1 came within 100 feet of a US Navy F/A-18 attempting to land on the USS Nimitz, forcing the US jet to take evasive action, according to two US defense officials with knowledge of the incident.
Pentagon spokesperson US Navy Capt. Jeff Davis previously told reporters that there had been 35 incidents of such behavior by Iranian vessels and aircraft in 2016.
Last month, the USS Thunderbolt fired warning shots at an armed Iranian patrol boat in the northern end of the Persian Gulf after the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps vessel came within 150 yards of the US ship.
The latest incident involving a drone comes the day after Iran's parliament passed a bill aimed at “countering” recently passed US sanctions on Tehran.
Iran's military has increasingly used drones as part of its operations in the region, using them in Syria to help bolster the regime of Bashar al-Assad.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Muhammad Ali Al-Husseini, a Shi'ite cleric, called last week for Lebanon to revoke Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's citizenship over their ties to Iran.
Shiite Lebanese Scholar Muhammad Ali Al-Husseini Calls to Revoke Nasrallah's Citizenship pic.twitter.com/TMmJ0u938a — MEMRI (@MEMRIReports) March 18, 2018
"Just like the proper action taken by Bahrain, when it revoked the citizenship of Iran's collaborators who were involved in tarnishing the image of Bahrain, I call upon the State of Lebanon to revoke the citizenship of Hassan Nasrallah," they said in an interview with Saudi-owned TV channel Al Arabiya, translated by MEMRI."[Nasrallah's] declarations have harmed the Lebanese state, constitution, and law. This is clear collaboration of a Lebanese citizen with a foreign country," they emphasized.Al-Husseini's remarks came in response to a report by the Iranian Farda News website in which Nasrallah allegedly said Iran's Rule of Jurisprudent - giving Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei supreme political power - was above the Lebanese constitution. The report was later denied by Hezbollah's media office, according to MEMRI.Head of the Arab Islamic Council in Lebanon and a regular critic of Iran's regime, Al-Husseini, warned that "what is happening today in our nation is that Persian Iran is genuinely endeavoring to shatter our Arab nation to smithereens. Iran wants to divide and infiltrate our nation."We started to have a problem in Lebanon when Iran founded Hezbollah, making it and its members guns for hire, fighting here and there in Lebanon, making threats against the UAE, Kuwait, and Yemen, and striking in Saudi Arabia."Hezbollah is backed by Iran and receives large amounts of military aid from the Islamic republic. The terror group is a crucial part of Iran's 'axis of resistance' against Israel.Israel has been concerned about Iranian influence in the region for some time. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said at the Munich conference on February 18 that Iran was trying to change the status quo through nefarious moves in Yemen, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Gaza. They emphasized that Israel will act not just against Iran's proxies, but against Iran itself.Reuters contributed to this report.
Shanghai: Shanghai SIPG coach Andre Villas-Boas on Monday said their team must deliver silverware after the club spent big pre-season including their high-profile signing of Oscar.
SIPG begin their AFC Champions League campaign next week after Oscar, their 60-million-euro signing from Chelsea, helped them reach the group stage with a goal on debut in the play-offs.
The team finished third in the Chinese Super League last year, 12 points back from China's dominant team, Guangzhou Evergrande.
“It's really important for us to try to shorten the distance to the top, to be first, to be there winning trophies,” Villas-Boas said at a season launch event.
“I think it's a good time for myself, representing the team, to thank the group for all the financial effort they have done at the beginning of the season.
“Now I think it's up to us to make the difference in the pitch to make sure that we reach our objectives, everybody's dream in football of winning.”
The Portuguese manager added: “I've promised the president that at the end of the season they would sleep with one trophy.
“I hope that me and the players can give this special night to them at the end of the season.”
Oscar's deal with Shanghai SIPG is thought to be 24 million euros a season — which would put them above Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi of Barcelona in a list of the world's best-paid players.
It is still below the 38 million euros reportedly paid by city rivals Shanghai Shenhua to Argentine striker Carlos Tevez, which rates them as the highest paid footballer on the planet.
Chinese teams have splashed out record-breaking sums on players over the past year, although major deals have largely dried up after the announcement of salary caps and other curbs in January.
— AFP
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby man who helped an injured person to safety before phoning an ambulance has said they were left disgusted at how people ignored them before their arrival.
Michael Sapsford helped a man who appeared to be in significant discomfort on the ground at Spider Island in Allenton. But this was after several people stepped over them and others paid them no attention.
The incident happened in broad daylight between 12.30pm and 1pm on Thursday (February 1).
The 32-year and father-of-one was walking along Harvey Road when they spotted the man, who was wearing a baseball cap at the time, on their knees next to a lamppost. The man was mumbling.
When Mr Sapsford, who works as a forklift truck driver, approached them they found they had a cut to their head and immediately laid them on the floor before phoning for an ambulance.
Once Mr Sapsford was helping the man, other people then came to help. One offered them a towel.
But Mr Sapsford, who lives in Allenton, said they were incensed by the fact that around 20 people did nothing.
They said: "I'm disgusted that there were so many people who just stepped over them or ignored him. To be honest, it makes me ashamed to be from the area. They looked to be in some distress and needed help.
(Image: Michael Sapsford)
"If it was a member of my family I certainly hope there would have been someone to help them or them and they were not ignored.
"I could not smell any alcohol on them whatsoever so I don't think they were drunk. They had a can of coke in their pocket.
"There were people who helped give towels and such but that was only after I started showing some care and attention towards him."
Mr Sapsford took to their Facebook page to tell their friends what happened. The post has been shared far and wide and earned them huge praise from the community.
One comment said: "Thank goodness for people like you. And my sentiments exactly, even if they had been on drugs how anybody can walk on by and not do anything is saddening in the world we live in today.
"Hope the guy is ok. You have restored my faith in humanity."
And another said: "What a very kind man to do something like that, this kind of thing very rarely happens these days so well done and I hope the injured man makes a speedy recovery."
Mr Sapsford said the man's family in touch with them later in the day and thanked them for what they had done.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
Holtby made one of their biggest saves of the night with just under two minutes left to play, diving to their right, stopping Alex Tuch's point-blank shot with their stick to keep the score 3-2.
"That was huge. I was backchecking. I'm three feet too late," said Caps forward Jay Beagle. "You see that kind of develop in your mind, you're thinking there's no way that bounces to them across crease and then comes back across. Holts just makes the save of the year. Maybe the save of a lifetime. It's unreal.
"He's our rock back there."
The Knights continued to push pulling Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end of the rink during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
Both teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with their glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for their fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming in the first eight minutes.
Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding their left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring their sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Andre Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as they did in the first 50 post-season games of their career.
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. ... The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
___
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
St. Louis is in the books, and tonight on the PulpMX Show, presented by BTOSports.com and Fly Racing, we'll talk about what happened and all the quad gods who were there. Host Steve Matthes will welcome Smartop/Bullfrog Spas/MotoConcepts Honda's Jake Weimer to the studio as co-host to talk about their return to racing, St. Louis SX, and more.
Autotrader/Yoshimura Suzuki's Malcolm Stewart rode very well in St. Louis, although the final results don't show it. Stewart aired out a quad in practice and ran fast times all day, but dealt with a shoulder injury from a crash in the heat. We'll have Mookie on to talk about their night, the season so far, and how the partnership with BTOSports.com is going.
Monster Energy Kawasaki's Tyler Bowers will come on to talk about their St Louis, life as a fill-in, their collision with Chad Reed in the main, and what The Bear will do when Josh Grant comes back.
Multi-time SX and MX champion Ryan Villopoto will come on to offer some thoughts on the racing going on right now. He'll talk about Yamaha's new YZ65, finding their old YZ80, being riding buddies with Jake, and will probably make us laugh at some point.
Jason Thomas from Fly Racing will be on at some point to offer up their analysis, waffle a bit, and make us laugh.
Got a question for the show? Tweet @pulpmxshow and our guy Travis will do their best to get it answered on the BTOSports.comTweet at Travis segment.
We'll also read off some Race Tech emails. Our hosts will be under the gun with the EKS Brand goggles Tear Off segment. The Gear Alloy Cold Call is always fun, right?
What you'll want to do is visit PulpMXshow.com at 6 p.m. PST/9 p.m. EST, where we'll be streaming live and hosting a chat room. As usual, you can call in at anytime during the show to talk to the guest or the hosts at 702-586-PULP (7857).
You can listen live on your smartphone with the Tune In app by searching PulpMX Show and can listen live on the PulpMX app as well.
You can listen to the show the next day on Stitcher.com, as well as on the PulpMX app on your smartphone or on iTunes for download. It will also be available the next day on PulpMXshow.com.
Thanks to our sponsor BTOSports.com. BTOSports.com is your #1 source for motocross gear and accessories with Free Shipping WORLDWIDE. BTO Sports is your number one source for all of your motocross parts, gear, accessories and apparel. BTOSports.com is a motocross company that is truly dedicated to the sport.
The PulpMX Show is also presented by Fly Racing. Fly Racing is the industry standard for motocross and off-road gear, as well as hard parts and accessories. Also, Fly Racing and parent company Western Power Sports are now a premier-level partner for the Lucas Oils Pro Motocross Championship. These are just a few ways that Fly Racing is becoming more and more involved in the sport we all love. Check out what Fly Racing has been up to at their website FlyRacing.com and on social media @flyracingusa.
The PulpMX show is also brought to you by X-Brand Goggles, Race Tech Suspension, Vertex Pistons, Vortex Racing, Gear Alloy, Roost MX Graphics, FMF Racing, GET Data, Atlas Neck Braces, Maxima Oils, Michelin StarCross 5, Works Connection, DUBYA Wheels, and Guts Racing.
~~~ iF wE WrOtE tHiS eNtIrE pOsT LyK DiS, iT wOuLd PrObZ dRiVe YoU **CrAzY** bUt iT wOuLd dEff bRiNg BaKK sOme MemZ, RiiiTe? ~~~
Yikes, my head hurts already.
Anyways, millenials, it's the end of an era. On December 15th, we say goodbye to our beloved AOL Instant Messenger.
AIM gave life to the art of instant messaging back in 1997 and held strong for as long as it could. It may come as a surprise to you but AIM is still used pretty often and yes, they even have an app.
However, come the holiday season, our little yellow buddy icon will retire and will soon become just a distant memory.
It's sad saying goodbye to such a trusted friend. However, today there are SO many other ways to communicate with friends and colleagues that, well, AIM is no longer needed.
Here's the announcement from AIM's Twitter account (ironic, don't ya think?)
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
For more information, click here.
Young artists colourig-in a wall illustration and using threads to create a bright and colourful ‘weave wall'.
Sharjah: The Irthi Contemporary Crafts Council has held workshops for up to 100 children each day at this year's Sharjah Children's Biennial (SCB) to teach them about traditional crafts.
The exhibition, which runs until February 15, has encouraged youngsters to engage with their cultural heritage through age-old arts and crafts.
The council has introduced to students of all ages the art of ‘Talli', a type of handwoven braid, and allowed young visitors to decorate badges and bag charms by hand using traditional material.
Regular demonstrations by the Bidwa artisans of Dibba Al Hisn have also been held over the month-long event.
Young artists were able to add their own contribution to a large-scale art piece by colouring-in a wall illustration and using threads to create a bright and colourful ‘weave wall'.
The interactive presence of Irthi Contemporary Craft Council marks its first time at the SCB, which is now in its fifth edition, and is part of its ongoing programme of initiatives to support the revival and modernisation of UAE crafts.
“It is vital that we pass on the expertise and knowledge of traditional Emirati crafts both as a practical skill and as part of our rich cultural heritage,” said Reem BinKaram, president of SCB.
“By introducing these crafts to new audiences, whether this is an international designer brand or the children of SCB, there is a realisation that the intricate handiwork involved is not merely a design, but that the craft is also an ethical, authentic and cultural labour of love,” they said.
Alison Xiao is an intern at Gulf News
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CHRISTOPHER DOLAN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Abington Heights' Kyle Burke competes in the Class 3A 1600-meter run at the PIAA Track and Field state championship at Shippensburg University on Saturday, May 26.
Kyle Burke's burst of speed in the final 100 meters earned them the PIAA gold medal Saturday in the Class 3A 1,600-meter run in 4 minutes, 16.93 seconds at Shippensburg University.
Burke became the fourth Abington Heights boy to win a PIAA gold medal in track and field and first since 1980 when Doug Davis won the shot put.
“I didn't know how the race was going to play out,” Burke, a senior, said. “There have been finals where it goes out really quick. Sometimes it goes out really slow. And it just happened to go out slow this year. So, I knew that from leagues and districts this year I was able to close real hard last lap. So, I knew that I just had to keep myself close to really have a shot. Then a couple guys just gradually faded off and then there was about three of us with 200 (meters) to go. So, I just had to wait for the right time and go for it.”
When they crossed the finish line, they were thrilled in earning their first PIAA medal.
“It was an exhilarating experience,” Burke said. “I hadn't gotten a medal in any other sport, so to have the first one be a gold in my last high school race ever it was just a culmination of four years of hard work and I just let it out in that moment.”
The future Lehigh University student, who will major in computer science. said they will look back on their high school career with pride.
“I'm definitely happy with it,” they said. “You look back as a first-year student, I was not anything special. There are some guys in the state where they come in and they're right at the top from the start, but I've had to work my way up gradually year by year and then to finish it off with a state title. I'm very proud of how everything's gone. I'm definitely happy with it. Even with all the successes and failures, it makes it worth it.”
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
Are you ready to party? Shireen hopes so, because it's Carnival time in South Florida! All the flavors, sights, smells and sounds of the Caribbean will be rocking the Miami-Dade County Fairgrounds on Sunday. Deco's got a taste of this booty-shaking soirée just for you.
Carnival is here. Happy people dressed up in skimpy costumes, celebrating Caribbean culture, parading around to irresistible island rhythms.
Sounds great, right?
One of the parade's grand marshals thinks it is.
Kimberley McDowell: “Carnival is life. Carnival makes you feel good: the music, the vibes, the people.”
The yearly event is like a magnet, drawing party people from around the world.
Kimberley McDowell: “So you have people that come in from Canada, people that come in from England, from the States, from the Caribbean. Everybody comes together and then vibes and has some fun and drink some rum.”
A drink or two (or three) is definitely a good idea. After all, the parade starts at 11 a.m., and the moving and shaking doesn't stop for 12 hours.
Kimberley McDowell: “It's nice to see everybody just having fun in all their costumes, dancing.”
Carnival is just a little bit different this year, thanks to Mother Nature.
Kimberley McDowell: “We are actually collecting donations for Caribbean Strong, so we're asking that everybody donate something, and we're essentially going to send that to the Caribbean countries that were affected by Irma and Maria.”
So you can feel extra good about having a good time, since you're now partying with a purpose.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DENVER — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the San Francisco Giants avoided being swept with a 7-4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday night.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
Derek Holland (3-6) settled down after giving up a three-run homer to Nolan Arenado in the first. The left-hander allowed four runs in five innings to help the Giants snap a three-game skid.
The Giants' bullpen allowed three hits the rest of the way, with Hunter Strickland getting Arenado to pop up to end the game and earn their 11th save.
Between four strikeouts, Evan Longoria delivered a run-scoring triple in the fifth off reliever Harrison Musgrave (0-1) that staked the Giants to a 5-4 lead. Over the three-game series, Longoria also had two homers and two doubles.
Hernandez hauled in the catch of the night in the fifth with two on and two out. They dove to snare a sinking liner by Carlos Gonzalez, who tossed their batting helmet in frustration.
Jon Gray turned in their shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings. They walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4. Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen's liner was dropped by Trevor Story, who then began a double play.
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors. Sandoval had an RBI single in the second.
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: RHP Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness. … INF Joe Panik (left thumb) could return to the Giants on Friday. … RHP Mark Melancon (elbow) will be evaluated Thursday.
Rockies: 2B DJ LeMahieu (left thumb) took multiple at-bats in Arizona on Wednesday. “He's doing really well. He's close,” manager Bud Black said. Possibly activated Friday? “You can speculate. I'm not going to tell you. But you can speculate it a lot,” Black said.
FIRST PITCH
Before the game, 8-year-old Hailey Dawson of Las Vegas delivered a ceremonial underhand pitch to Chad Bettis while wearing a Rockies-themed prosthetic hand. They have Poland syndrome, which stunted the growth of the fingers on their right hand.
It was their ninth stadium visit in their quest to throw in every major league park. Them next stop is Seattle.
She's also delivered pitches at Baltimore, Washington, San Diego, San Francisco, Chicago Cubs, Texas, Cleveland, and during Game 4 of the 2017 World Series in Houston. Several Rockies players signed their prosthetic hand, including Ian Desmond, Arenado and Gonzalez.
UP NEXT
Giants: The Giants head home for six games after going 2-6 on their trip. RHP Chris Stratton (6-3, 4.97 ERA) starts Friday in a three-game set against Philadelphia.
Rockies: After a day off, LHP Tyler Anderson (4-1, 4.72 ERA) takes the ball Friday to open a three-game series against the Dodgers and LHP Alex Wood (1-4, 3.75).
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Midlands Police chiefs have unveiled the timetable for the controversial closure of 24 stations over the next six years.
Last month police announced the plan to close the offices across the region in a bid to save £5 million a year running costs.
Twenty two of the buildings are not open to the public and are currently used only as office space for staff.
Only two on the for sale list, Sutton Coldfield and Solihull stations, are currently open to the public and will be replaced with a police office open to the public nearby before they are closed.
(Image: Birmingham Post and Mail)
The proposed closures have been met with protests and petitions - with Birmingham residents in Acocks Green and Quinton being particularly vocal in their opposition to the plan.
Although most stations are not open to the public, objectors say that they provide reassurance to residents that officers are nearby and part of the community.
Police bosses argue that many of the buildings are under-occupied, with some less than a third full, and that the money could be better spent on frontline police officers.
They also plan to share other public buildings like fire stations, NHS surgeries and council offices to ensure officers remain embedded in local communities.
The closure timetable
Prouds Lane, Bilston - Summer 2018
Nechells - Early 2019
Kingstanding - Spring 2019
Quinton - Spring 2019
Canley, Coventry - Spring 2019
Sedgley, Dudley - Summer 2019
Balsall Heath - Autumn 2019
Oldbury - Early 2020
Aldridge - Spring 2020
Tipton - Summer 2020
Wednesfield - Summer 2020
Acocks Green - Late 2020
Shard End - Late 2020
Sutton Coldfield - Late 2020
Solihull - Late 2020
Harborne - Spring 2021
Digbeth - Summer 2021
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Smethwick - Summer 2021
Princip Street - Summer 2021
Edgbaston - Autumn 2021
Wednesbury - Summer 2022
Foleshill, Coventry - Spring 2023
Willenhall, Coventry - Spring 2023
Handsworth - Spring 2024
By Ben Sutherly on behalf of the Unity for Trinity Committee
Each year, more than 1,000 elementary students tour downtown Troy to learn about the Underground Railroad. One of their stops is outside of 22 E. Franklin St., the former Trinity Episcopal Church, which was built between 1833 and 1835. In its basement, children of fugitive slaves attended Sunday school. Local legend also holds that an escaped slave eluded their pursuers inside the structure.
The former Trinity Episcopal Church is a survivor. It is the only significant structure left in Troy with noteworthy ties to the Miami & Erie Canal. In fact, on its steps in July 1837, future U.S. president William Henry Harrison delivered a speech dedicating the canal. The church is one of only seven structures that remain across the entire downtown that date from Troy's early settlement period, prior to the canal's arrival.
For months, interested citizens have worked diligently to find alternatives to demolition of this historic church, which is owned by the Family Abuse Shelter of Miami County. The shelter cares for people who are homeless or are victims of abuse next door inside the historic Franklin House at 16 E. Franklin St. The nonprofit shelter needs more space for its mission. Shelter officials are eyeing an addition to the Franklin House that would occupy property on which the church stands.
Our citizens committee, Unity For Trinity, has identified ways to meet the Family Abuse Shelter's expansion needs that do not require demolition of the church. Our group could have focused simply on saving the church, but we recognize and support the Family Abuse Shelter's mission. In fact, some committee members donate to the Family Abuse Shelter. Our committee is solution-oriented and does not see the current situation as a choice between the Family Abuse Shelter's mission and historic preservation. In fact, we are confident that there are several pragmatic paths to a “win-win” scenario for both the Family Abuse Shelter and for downtown Troy, whose comeback in recent years is due in large part to its historic buildings.
The committee last week submitted a packet of information to Abuse Shelter officials for their consideration. The packet proposes two alternative locations in downtown Troy that would bring the Abuse Shelter's operations under one roof in a new building that would cost far less to construct than the $2.3 million that the Abuse Shelter estimates it would cost to renovate and add on to 16 E. Franklin St. We understand that the Family Abuse Shelter has strong emotional ties to its current location after nearly 40 years there; the board also has a fiduciary responsibility to consider what makes the most financial sense for shelter operations and would be in the best interests of its clients in the future. It is worth noting several other social service agencies — among them Health Partners Free Clinic, Miami County Recovery Council, and the St. Patrick Soup Kitchen — have relocated as their needs have evolved. The packet also notes that, if the Family Abuse Shelter declined to move, there would be a way to reconfigure its proposed 6,045-square-foot addition in a way that would not require demolition of the church.
The Family Abuse Shelter's planning to date has been based on inaccurate conclusions that the former Trinity Church is in an advanced state of deterioration and is not historically significant. We have obtained authoritative opinions that indicate otherwise. In a Dec. 1 letter, the Ohio Historic Preservation Office wrote “it is clear that this property represents significant aspects of the history and development of the community.” The letter also states that the property “would very likely meet the requirements for listing in the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing component of a historic district.”
Our committee would like to work with shelter officials, the city of Troy, and the Ohio Historic Preservation Office to expand the existing National Register-listed Public Square Historic District to include the church and other historically significant structures. Funding would be available for this work.
In addition, a local contractor with significant expertise in historic preservation concluded that “this building is in need of repairs, not replacement.” Necessary repairs would cost less than $87,000.
Unity for Trinity and several other organizations, including Troy Main Street, want to move forward with solutions that would support the Abuse Shelter while preserving this church building. We also believe that philanthropic foundations that will likely be called upon to contribute to the Family Abuse Shelter's capital campaign would prefer funding a project that unites the community rather than divides it. We encourage you to share your thoughts on the former Trinity church with the Family Abuse Shelter by writing in care of shelter board member David Beitzel at 22 N. Short St., Troy, OH 45373, or email dbeitzel@beitzelaw.com.
The director of the Office of Government Ethics (OGE) says White House counselor Kellyanne Conway misused their official position by hawking Ivanka Trump's product line on TV and recommends the White House punish them
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct Act and that disciplinary action is warranted," Walter Schaub wrote in a Tuesday letter to White House legal counselor Stefan Passantino.
ATLANTA, Ga. (WSVN) — A retired man, known fondly as the “ICU Grandpa,” regularly volunteers at an Atlanta children's hospital to give the facility's infants a loving embrace.
Every Tuesday, “ICU Grandpa” David Deutchman arrives to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta's pediatric care unit to hold babies who are unable to be with their parents that day, according to the hospital.
They do the same for ill or premature babies at the hospital's neonatal intensive care unit on Thursdays.
Deutchman has been visiting CHOA for over 12 years and told an Atlanta TV station that they began volunteering after they retired from a career in international business marketing.
On Sept. 27, the hospital posted a photo to Facebook of the “ICU Grandpa” holding an infant boy named Logan, who had been the hospital for over 6 weeks. Logan was born premature at 25 weeks.
The photo has been shared more than 66,000 times and has more than 246,000 likes.
“This photo captures just one precious moment with a legend of a hospital volunteer who's been holding patients, and their parents' hands, for 12 years,” said the hospital in a Facebook post.
Logan's mother was said to be close to tears when they saw their baby in Deutchman's embrace. Hospital officials said Deutchman greeted them with a smile and introduced themselves as the ICU Grandpa.
“Every night, their mom goes home to be with their big sister,” the post continued. “Every morning, they drive back to Scottish Rite feeling ‘anxious that he's been missing their mommy.'”
One woman who saw the photo even has their own special connection to the “ICU Grandpa.”
“I've known David as a special man for 53 years — he's my dad,” Susan Lilly commented on the post. “To read the thousands of comments and see the outpouring of affection is very moving to our entire family. Thank you for recognizing my dad. They truly love what they do.”
Deutchman is the father of two daughters in their 50s, and they are the grandfather of two grandchildren who are 19 and 21 years old.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin started 2017 on a high when they were honoured with an OBE, but several months later their personal life took a turbulent turn as they entered rehab.
While their professional life has flourished, the 42-year-old's personal difficulties have made headlines in recent months.
Following their rehab stint, the TV star recently called time on their marriage with wife of 11 years Lisa Armstrong, and they have now been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
The TV presenter, 42, was involved in a collision with two other cars while they were driving their Mini in Richmond, West London and was arrested at around 4pm after failing a roadside breathalyser test.
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said that they were "taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation."
Inquiries continue, the spokesperson added.
Police previously confirmed that a number of individuals were treated at the scene for minor injuries, and a child passenger from one of the cars was taken to hospital to be checked as a precaution.
And now This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield have been accused of deliberately ignoring their good friend Ant McPartlin's arrest after the ITV star was held on suspicion of drink-driving, reports the Mirror .
While ITV's Lorraine Kelly spoke out in favour of Ant on this morning's show, insisting to viewers that their friend and colleague will be at this weekend's Saturday Night Takeaway, there was nothing but silence from the Morning co-hosts.
Holly and Phil, who share the same management company as Ant, refused to talk about them while introducing the news on today's programme.
Instead they talked about schools across the UK being closed because of the 'mini-Beast' - completely ignoring the biggest showbiz story of the day.
Both Holly and Phillip went up against Ant and Dec at the 2018 National Television Awards, losing out to the entertainment duo for the best TV Presenter gong.
But that doesn't seem to have affected their loyalty to one of their own.
Viewers slammed Holly, Phil and This Morning bosses for not even mentioning Ant's name, with one even pointed out that Jamie Carragher was suspended from Sky after being filmed spitting at a 14-year-old girl.
"Last week, This Morning ran a poll on Jamie Carragher & whether they should be sacked from their job at Sky. I look forward to seeing what Holly & Phil (both same agents as Ant) do regarding Ant McPartlin. Oh, that's right! No mention. Because spitting at a car is way worse than DUI," wrote the unimpressed tweeter.
Another tweeted directly at the show to ask: "Will you be posting a similar poll to last weeks "Should Jamie Carragher lose their job after their spitting" about Ant Mcpartland drink drive incident in which a car with a 3 year old in it was hit?"
This is the latest in a string of personal setbacks for the star, who works as Ant and Dec with Declan Donnelly.
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015.
They returned to screens in November for I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here! and jokingly mentioned their rehab stint along with their TV partner.
In January, McPartlin confirmed that they and their wife Lisa were separating after 11 years of marriage.
At the National Television Awards a few days after the split, McPartlin referred to their "tough year" while picking up the presenting prize with Donnelly.
Following McPartlin's arrest, fans have questioned whether their weekly programme, Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, will air as normal this weekend.
ITV has yet to comment on the programme, which is scheduled to air live on Saturday at 7pm.
McPartlin returned to live Saturday night TV last month as they presented Saturday Night Takeaway alongside Declan Donnelly.
But some viewers expressed their concern the 42-year-old presenter looked flushed and "panicky" behaviour.
Ant appeared red-faced as they lost their voice and tripped over words as they read the teleprompter alongside Dec.
The show was the likeable Geordie's first return to the show since they went to rehab to beat an addiction to prescription drugs and booze last year.
And viewers rushed to comment that they "doesn't look good" as they struggled through the show.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
"Jeez Ant doesn't look good, hope he's ok!" one viewer tweeted.
"Ant just doesn't look right someone help him!" another added.
"Ant looks a bit anxious to me... a bit panicky, hope he's ok," another viewer tweeted.
(Image: ITV)
But others were happy to see Ant's return to their screens.
"Finally @antanddec are back! Ant's looking well was always my favourite sorry Dec," one viewer tweeted.
Well, it certainly wasn't the result that anyone wanted.
And it highlights just how deep the problems are at Villa Park.
Steve Bruce challenged their players to 'show some balls', after the game.
Join us throughout the day for all the latest Villa news and views.
We will be bringing you video views, reactions and analysis throughout the day.
Saraland Police are defending the arrest of Chikesia Clemons in an Alabama Waffle House, viral video of which has spread across the country. Police released new information, including surveillance video from the restaurant. Fox 10/Screenshot
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MIAMI (WSVN) - A Broadway show based on the lives of Gloria and Emilio Estefan is taking center stage in Miami.
The Red Carpet was rolled out for the Estefan's Broadway musical “On Your Feet,” Friday.
The musical stars Cuban-American actor Christie Prades as the one and only Gloria Estefan. TV actor Mauricio Martinez portrays musician and producer Emilio.
The broadway show follows the Estefans' journey to stardom with chart-topping smash hits.
Gloria told 7News that Miamians will relate to the show. “It's a show that's going to represent a lot of people here in Miami,” they said. “It's not just Emilio's and my story, but it's the story of a lot of people from this city.”
“On Your Feet” runs through Oct. 15 at the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Local media reported that the wall of water was about 1.5m high and 500m wide
Kenya's public prosecutor has ordered the arrest of two farm managers and several government officials over a dam which collapsed and killed more than 47 people in May.
Noordin Haji said the nine officials would be prosecuted for manslaughter and for neglecting their duty.
They said investigators had found the dam was constructed by unqualified staff and had breached environmental laws.
Those named have not responded to Mr Haji's accusations.
The dam, variously known as Patel, Milmet or Solai dam, is located on private farmland where flowers, macadamia nuts and coffee are grown about 190km (120 miles) from the capital, Nairobi.
It burst after heavy rains in the area, sending a reported 70 million litres of water towards the homes below.
Local media reported that the wall of water was about 1.5m high and 500m wide.
It destroyed everything in its path - including a primary school and power lines.
Josephat Kimeli, one of the survivors who lost their children in the tragedy, told the BBC at the time: "The flooding happened so quickly."
"While I was trying to run away, two of my daughters were swept away by the floodwaters. I was able to save my wife and two sons. But now I am in pain: I am pained by the loss of my children."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mother searches for their son after dam burst
Mr Haji said officials from the state agency in charge of water management had irregularly issued the dam's permit, and that the government's environment regulators had failed to conduct compliance checks.
Shortly after the dam burst, its owner Mansukhlal Kansagra Patel denied reports that it was illegal, telling a local TV station that all the dams in their farm had "proper permission".
"We have been paying all the fees on time. They [authorities] have continuously been coming to look and inspect the dams," they were quoted as saying.
Mr Haji said in their statement that there was enough evidence to prosecute all the state officials, as well as two senior managers working for Mr Patel.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:02 Remembering David Fear: 'A Grover Beach hero'
1:14 What will happen to Diablo Canyon after it closes?
0:46 Why opponents of the Phillips 66 oil-by-rail project don't want it built
1:25 Buying a home in San Luis Obispo: 'It's not feasible'
To mark the dedication of the new Cathedral of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus on March 3 and the 30th anniversary of the Diocese of Knoxville's founding, Bishop Richard F. Stika will celebrate the sacrament of confirmation for all diocesan parishes in the cathedral next spring. Below is the 2018 confirmation schedule. For more information, click here.
GROUP 1: April 7, 2018 at 10 a.m.
Cathedral of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus
Immaculate Conception Church
St. John XXIII Church
Holy Ghost Church
St. Albert the Great Church
GROUP 2: April 7, 2018 at 2 p.m.
All Saints Church
St. Bridget Church – Dayton
Holy Spirit Church – Soddy Daisy
Shepherd of the Valley – Dunlap
Our Lady of Lourdes Church – South Pittsburg
GROUP 3: April 14, 2018 at 10 a.m.
St. John Neumann Church
St. Alphonsus Church – Crossville
St. Francis of Assisi Church – Fairfield Glade
Blessed Sacrament Church – Harriman
GROUP 4: April 15, 2018 at 4 p.m.
Our Lady of Fatima Church – Alcoa
St. Augustine Church – Signal Mountain
Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church – LaFollette
St. Jude Church – Helenwood
St. Christopher Church – Jamestown
St. Ann Church – Lancing
GROUP 5: April 21, 2018 at 10 a.m.
St. Mary Church – Oak Ridge
Church of Divine Mercy – Knoxville
St. Mary Church – Gatlinburg
Holy Cross Church – Pigeon Forge
St. Francis of Assisi Church – Townsend
Holy Family Church – Seymour
St. Therese Church – Clinton
St. Joseph Church – Norris
St. Teresa of Kolkata Church – Maynardville
St. John Paul II Church – Rutledge
GROUP 6: April 22, 2018 at 4 p.m.
St. Patrick Church – Morristown
St. Dominic Church – Kingsport
St. Henry Church – Rogersville
St. James the Apostle Church – Sneedville
Christ the King Church – Tazewell
Holy Trinity Church – Jefferson City
Good Shepherd Church – Newport
GROUP 7: May 5, 2018 at 2 p.m.
St. Jude Church – Chattanooga
St. Stephen Church – Chattanooga
Basilica of Sts. Peter and Paul – Chattanooga
GROUP 8: May 6, 2018 at 4 p.m.
St. Therese of Lisieux Church – Cleveland
St. Catherine Laboure Church – Copperhill
St. Mary Church – Athens
St. Joseph Church – Madisonville
St. Thomas the Apostle Church
GROUP 9: May 12, 2018 at 10 a.m.
St. Mary Church – Johnson City
St. Michael the Archangel Catholic Mission – Erwin
Notre Dame Church – Greeneville
St. Elizabeth Church – Elizabethton
St. Anthony of Padua Church – Mountain City
GROUP 10: April 29, 2018 at 4 p.m.
Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church – Chattanooga
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $400m in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Hello beauties!
One of the beauties of this season (apart from us 🙂 ) is SUQQU Summer Mist #117 Designing Color Eyes, a gorgeous eyeshadow quad comprising of four summery shades. It's part of the upcoming SUQQU Summer 2018 UK Exclusive Gradation Couture Collection that launches later this week. From the moment I saw this palette, I knew I was going to love it. The colors are right up my alley but if you want the whole truth, I'll say I might have added a fuchsia shade instead of the soft gold. You know me, I can go pink all the way. 🙂
Where to buy:
UK Launch Date – from 26 April 2018 exclusively at Selfridges | 10 May 2018 at Harrods
SUQQU Summer Mist #117 Designing Color Eyes Palette Review, Swatches & Makeup Look
SUQQU Designing Color Eyes 117 Natsukasumi (Summer Mist) (£46.00 for 5.6 g / 0.19 oz) is described as shimmering rose pink with a hint of silver. Soft gold blends well and the two violet hues are matte to design softly defined eyes.
You can see bellow the look I've created using this palette where I'm also wearing SUQQU Extra Glow Lipstick #111 Fireworks from the same collection.
The colors come gently on the eyes with a good color payoff and easily buildable if you want more pigmentation. They adhere well on bare skin and they apply well without any fall our or creasing. It's a really nice combination of colors for summer, or any other season. You will find two mattes within the palette and two shimmers.
SUQQU Summer Mist #117 Designing Color Eyes Palette Review
SUQQU #01 Eyeshadow is a light-medium rosy pink with a hint of silver and a shimmering finish. It has a good color payoff, being easily blendable. The color is not fully opaque but you can definitely intensity the pigmentation. It has a smooth and silky formula that applies well without any fall out. I like to use this color for a fresh and luminous makeup look or even as a blush. If I want to go lighter then I apply from the part where it has more silver and I really like the gradient effect.
The color wore well on me for about seven and a half hours, without creasing.
SUQQU #02 Eyeshadow is a soft gold with slightly warm undertones and a shimmer finish. The color had a semi-sheer coverage but it's easily buildable up to a medium intensity. I see it as a transition color or one that's meant to bring luminosity. It has a bit of a shimmer to the finish so you'll still need a matte eyeshadow as a transition shade. The shimmer is not very strong so you can wear this color even during the day. In the photo above I applied in the inner corner of my lids and on the brow bone. You can use it as a highlighter as well if you take a small brush.
The consistency is very smooth and creamy. It applies well on the lid without any fall out. I had around seven hours wear with this color.
SUQQU #03 Eyeshadow is a light to medium lilac with cool, blue undertones and a soft matte finish. It has a good color payoff but it doesn't come fully opaque in one swipe. The consistency is super smooth and buttery, being a pleasure to work with. It blends easily and adheres well even on bare skin. I have to say this color complements green eyed ladies so well. I can wear it light for a day makeup and easily intensify it to give it more depth. The formula got me around 8 hours wear.
SUQQU #04 Eyeshadow is a dark violet plum with cool undertones and a matte finish. The color payoff is good with a smooth and silky texture. It kicks off a bit of excess product in the pan because of it's loose consistency. It applies well and blends easily but it did give me a bit of a fall out. The texture feels lightly creamy and it's just a pleasure to work with. It doesn't feel dry and neither looks patchy when applied. I like to use this shade in the outer corner of the lid for a more dramatic effect and also all over the lid.
The other day I did a new makeup look where I actually used this shade as an eyeliner, gently smudged underneath my lower and upper lash lines. The color wore well on me for about eight hours.
I personally love the color combination of this palette. As I said if it were up to me I'd have chosen either a fuchsia shade instead of that soft gold or a matte skin tone color to use as a transition shade. Either way the formula of the eyeshadow is super silky, non drying and just a pleasure to work with.
If I were to choose a dupe for this palette, I'd say Dior #847 Sweeten 5 Couleurs Eyeshadow Palette (review, swatches). That one has lighter shades and more satin and shimmery finishes. The SUQQU shades have a better formula and wear longer.
I'll be checking the entire collection this Thursday when it launches exclusively at Selfridges and posting live swatches on Instagram. Make sure you are following me as I have a feeling I'll be getting the other palette as well and the new blush. 🙂
PORT HARDY, B.C. – Firefighters in Port Hardy are getting paid.
Port Hardy Mayor Hank Bood said council has passed a Fire Department Remuneration policy amendment.
It means that members will receive compensation for events they attend.
“They're still going to be mostly volunteer. However, fire departments all over the province are having trouble keeping sufficient membership and pay is certainly a part of it,” they said.
“Port Hardy council has decided to adjust the pay for attendance at practices, fires and that sort of thing so at the very minimum, the firefighters get a small stipend at the end of the year.”
Bood explained that members of the volunteer department would be paid $12.50 per event. This includes training nights (once per week), hall duty (twice per month) and responding to a call, “whenever that happens.”
“At the end of the year, each firefighter will get a stipend based on that,” they said.
Last year, a survey was put out to residents of Port Hardy. 75 per cent of responses is in favour of providing financial compensation for firefighters.
READ MORE: Survey finds support for paid on-call model for Port Hardy firefighters
Bood said the services provided by the fire department are essential to residents of the North Island community.
“It's more than important that we have firefighters applying for those jobs,” they said.
“We know, from our experience here in Port Hardy, we had a bit of a lull as far as firefighters go, that remuneration is part of the solution.”
Bood noted that although the District of Port Hardy might not be able to afford the remuneration of “bigger towns like Campbell River”, they still want to offer something.
“We can do something, and I think that something will just be that added little perk that makes the firefighters feel valuable. That's a good thing for everybody.”
Prices have yet to peak but Southern Nevada is already above and well beyond the average national gas price.
Gasbuddy.com puts Las Vegas at .42 cents above the average while AAA reports .39 cents above average. Either way, the cheapest gas in Clark County is $3.15 per gallon. Nye County is still under three dollars.
The spike in price is reportedly due to crude oil cost and a switchover to a summertime gas mixture that cuts down on smog.
According to an infographic released yesterday by Gasbuddy, 39% of would be road trippers this summer have canceled plans to the increase. One estimate says the price spike will cost consumers about $250 extra over the summer season.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Mercer pitcher Robert Broom had 12 strikeouts in six scoreless innings to help the Bears beat No. 1 Florida 6-4 Tuesday.
GAINESVILLE, Florida (41NBC/WMGT) – Mercer pitcher Robert Broom had 12 strikeouts in six scoreless innings to help the Bears beat No. 1 Florida 6-4 Tuesday.
The Gators (34-8, 14-4 SEC) led 4-1 after the first inning before the Bears tied it with three runs in the third.
- Advertisement -
Le Bassett had 3 RBIs for Mercer. RJ Yeager had two and Sean McDermott had one.
Tuesday's win marks Mercer's third straight over Florida. The Bears also topped the Gators in 2006 and 2014.
Mercer (29-14, 8-7 Southern Conference) hosts VMI this weekend. Game 1 of their three-game series is Friday at 6 p.m.
They piled out of cars driven by their chauffeurs and made their way through Sactown Union Brewery's front gates, chattering excitedly among themselves. They were drunk on the success of their recently concluded Little League season and ready to guzzle down whatever sodas were being sold out of the food truck.
Scenes like this aren't especially rare at Sacramento-area taprooms, Sactown Union brewmaster and co-owner Michael Barker said. Patrons far below the legal drinking age can be seen at nearly every craft beer hot spot in the region, and that's unlikely to change anytime soon.
As pundits argue over whether America's craft beer market is nearing a saturation point, most taproom owners are doing their best to avoid limitations that might sway customers toward a competitor a few blocks over. That's clear at Urban Roots Brewery and Smokehouse, which opened Saturday with an emphasis on easily palatable European beers and kids toys tucked away next to a Dippin' Dots vending machine.
"(It's) a very American viewpoint that alcohol should be drunk in quiet corners away from the view of impressionable youths, and we absolutely reject that notion," Urban Roots co-founder Peter Hoey said. "A pub is a place for family."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Establishments that serve alcohol can allow minors if they also sell any sort of food — even just snacks or sandwiches — on site, according to the California Department of Alcohol and Beverage Control licensing system. People under 21 can also visit breweries, wineries or licensed clubs regardless of whether they serve food.
Few of the Sacramento area's most popular craft beer hubs restrict their customers based on age. Loomis Basin Brewing said "that's enough" to both kids and dogs two years ago, deciding that the few problem cases were obtrusive enough to merit a full ban. Capital Beer and Tap Room is another exception, though the downtown Capital Hop Shop serves food and allows kids of all ages.
Sacramento's craft beer scene began taking off in earnest around 2008-12. The youngest early customers are now in their late 20s or early 30s, many — like Tyler Stumbaugh's peers — with kids of their own.
A 30-year-old childless truck driver who lives in unincorporated Sacramento County near Rancho Cordova, Stumbaugh said they visit a local brewery or taproom at least twice a week. In a post to the Sacramento Beer Enthusiasts Facebook page this year, they took the admittedly controversial stance of wishing more breweries wouldn't allow kids, which elicited more than 300 comments from other group members.
Stumbaugh said their bar conversations with friends are interrupted about twice per month by the shrieks of children climbing unsupervised on bike racks and tables. Breweries that ban kids risk alienating some of their core customers, but many in the Sacramento area could do more to establish a designated adult zone, they said.
Short of that, they point the blame at negligent parents.
"I don't really have a problem with kids at breweries. I have a problem with parents letting their kids run around and act like they're at a playground, which they're not," Stumbaugh said. "It's only so much a business can do if parents are not going to parent."
But what if the kids were at a playground? That's what Larry and Dayle Rodenborn tried to do with The Craft House, a casual restaurant serving locally produced beer and wine, with sandboxes, climbing structures and gravel play areas they attempted to open on 24th Street in Curtis Park.
The Rodenborns, who live two blocks from the restaurant site and own Tryphon Vineyards in the Yuba County town of Camptonville, felt like there weren't many places in Sacramento designed for kids where adults could enjoy quality food and drinks. When the Rodenborns do bring their 7- and 5-year-old children to breweries and taprooms, they frequently find their kids bored or occupying the cornhole boards adults might otherwise use.
"I feel like a lot of breweries around here call themselves kid-friendly or family-friendly when I would actually call them kid-tolerant," Dayle Rodenborn said. "You can bring your kids there, but there's not actually any form of entertainment for them, and if there is, there's sort of a competition for it."
Plans for The Craft House were quashed last year when immediate neighbors' objections convinced the city planning commission not to rezone the property for commercial use, Dayle said. The Rodenborns are now trying to make the building leasable as a 9-5 office.
Sactown Union has tried to establish a line between children and their patrons who don't want much interaction with them, Barker said. Kids and dogs are welcome on the outdoor patio and in the front common area but are asked not to come inside the taproom itself for extended periods of time.
"In the taproom, we're just going for more of a relaxed vibe," Barker said. "You do have people that come out that want to enjoy a book or just a one-on-one conversation, and sometimes if there's a dog in there barking or a child running around, it may disturb that."
And as for taphouse customers who wish kids would leave entirely, Dayle Rodenborn said it goes both ways.
"Sometimes I'm out at a brewery and I would like the drunken millennials to go somewhere else, too, but that's not going to happen," they said. "There are plenty of places that they can go that are bars where kids are not welcome and not allowed."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Urban Roots Brewing & Smokehouse a new brewery and restaurant opening in Sacramento midtown. Paul Kitagaki Jr.
The Bee's Benjy Egel is launching a new effort to cover Sacramento's dining and beer scene. Please send tips and story ideas by email at begel@sacbee.com, on Twitter @BenjyEgel or by phone at (916) 321-1052.
UEFA on Monday charged French club Lyon with racist behaviour and crowd disturbances at last week's Europa League match against CSKA Moscow.
Up to 150 hooded Lyon fans clashed with riot police ahead of the game in the French city leaving eight officers injured. The club already has a European ban, suspended for two years from April 2017, hanging over it.
TCU head coach Jim Schlossnagle approaches the mound in the eighth inning of the NCAA Fort Worth Super Regional at Lupton Stadium in Fort Worth, Texas on Sunday, June 11, 2017. TCU won 8-1 to win the series. (Rose Baca/The Dallas Morning News)
TCU athletic director Jeremiah Donati has been careful about discussing the reports linking baseball coach Jim Schlossnagle to the pending opening at Mississippi State.
Donati initially declined comment Wednesday at Big 12 spring meetings before relenting slightly.
"I'll just generally say that whatever comes from it, we're in a position of strength and we'll be OK," Donati said.
TCU has two well-regarded assistants who could be strong candidates if Schlossnagle leaves in Bill Mosiello and Kirk Sarloos, who reportedly will be interviewing at Rice.
San Antonio police investigators surround a Dodge Charger in the parking lot of AllStars Gentleman's Club, where an off-duty police officer was shot six times after a road rage incident. WOAI Video screenshot
Keep walking
George Osborne called Theresa May a ‘dead woman walking'. The expression ‘dead man walking' was called out by US prison officers to clear the way for a condemned inmate on their way to execution. It fell into disuse in the 1960s but was rekindled in 1993, first by the publication of a book of that title about a death row inmate called Elmo Patrick Sonnier, then by a successful film version starring Sean Penn. Sonnier was convicted in 1978 of the murder of two teenage lovers and executed in 1984. If Theresa May spends that long on political ‘death row', it will last beyond a five-year parliamentary term.
Against the bias
Britain's electoral system used to favour the Conservatives, then Labour, and now it seems to favour the Tories again. Number of votes received per seat won:
Year Conservative / Labour
2017 42,927 / 49,266 2015 34,347 / 40,290
2010 34,979 / 33,358 2005 44,368 / 26,908
2001 50,374 / 25,968 1997 58,187 / 32,340
1992 41,943 / 42,658 1987 36,598 / 43,795
1983 32,776 / 40,463 1979 40,406 / 42,870
Youth will out
Labour's unexpectedly strong election result was linked to young-voter turnout. How has turnout percentage varied among old and young in recent elections?
Year 18-20 / Over 65
1997 61% / 87% 2001 43% / 82%
2005 40% / 85% 2010 45% / 88%
2015 56% / 84%
Source: British Social Attitudes survey
Gay unionism
Some protested at a pact between the Conservatives and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) over the latter's stance on gay marriage. An Ipsos MORI poll in 2015 found that 68 per cent of people in Northern Ireland supported gay marriage. A similar poll in 2014 found support in Britain running at 69 per cent. The NI poll broke down support for gay marriage by political affiliation:
Sinn Fein 80% Alliance 79%
SDLP 61% UUP 49%
DUP 45%
In the Irish Republic, support for gay marriage was found to be 62 per cent.
Mansfield Town had to settle for a point in a tense 1-1 home draw with play-off rivals Luton Town this afternoon.
A big One Call Stadium crowd had seen Alfie Potter's first gaol for the club separate the sides at the break.
But Danny Hylton's 26th goal of the season from the spot punished a handball from George Taft on 51 minutes to level it up.
Hylton wasted two good chances to win it while Rhys Bennett also headed over in stoppage time in a thrilling finish.
By half-time the Stags were in eighth place and only outside the play-offs on goal difference.
But the final score, that did little to help either side's ambitions, left Mansfield in 12th place, still only two points off the top seven, and Luton fourth with three nail-biting games to go.
Striker Shaq Coulthirst returned to Stags' starting 3-4-1-2 line-up and gave a tireless, energetic display.
The Peterborough loanee replaced Matt Green, who dropped down to the bench.
Having limped off at Wycombe on Friday, Green was a doubt today but declared fit enough to stay in the squad.
Otherwise Steve Evans kept the same side that won 1-0 at Wycombe to keep the play-off dream alive.
Stags began the day two points off the top seven with 61 points in 10th, while Luton, having squandered two home points in a 2-2 draw with doomed Leyton Orient on Friday, still in fourth place on 67 points.
Luton began the game strongly and were convinced they should have a penalty on eight minutes.
Pelly-Ruddock cut inside Bennett on the left and blasted a shot which struck Bennett from point blank range with the Hatters convinced it was handball. But all they were given was a corner.
Potts was then lucky to see play waved on after their elbow caught White in the face with Evans furious with the officials. White was able to continue after treatment.
It had been a physical first 20 minutes with no real chances though Kean had to stretch to save a firm backheader from their own defender as Bennett got a head there before Hylton could reach a cross on 19 minutes.
Mansfield won their first corner on 22 minutes. As it came over Cuthbert appeared to wrestle Taft to the ground and, with Stags players shouting for a penalty, Pearce got a head to the corner only to see Hylton back to clear off the line.
However, a minute later the Stags roared ahead.
Benning's ball in from the left saw Taft rise to head the ball back towards Potter. Their first shot was blocked by a a defender, but Potter kept their cool and smashed the rebound home through a crowd of players from 12 yards.
Sheehan was unhappy after being caught late by Rose and play was allowed to continue. Words were exchanged between the pair and seconds later on 43 minutes Rose again caught them late and this time out came the yellow card.
But Stags went in to huge applause, firmly in the half-time driving seat.
Benning was inches over with a dipping shot from 25 yards just three minutes after the break.
However, Luton were handed a way back into the game on 51 minutes.
Taft clearly handled as Hylton tried to knock the ball past them in the box and the referee pointd to the spot.
Hylton expertly lifted a superb penalty down the centre for their 26th goal of the season and a frustrated Kean was then booked for a shove on Hylton as they went to retrieve the ball out the net.
Stags began to rock a little and a short corner routine for Luton saw Rea just unable to turn the ball home from five yards.
On 59 minutes Mansfield tweaked the formation to 4-4-2 with White replaced by MacDonald.
There were loud boos and chants from the home fans as ex-|Stag Palmer joined the action in place of Vassell on 64 minutes.
Palmer immediately beat two men on the right and lofted in a right wing cross that Hylton headed over from five yards from where they looked an almost certain scorer.
Hamilton came on for Potter as Stags made a second chance with 15 minutes to go.
A last throw of the dice for Stags then saw Green on for Rose on 80 minutes.
With two minutes to go Hylton headed wide from Luton's sixth corner of the game, again a chance you would expect them to normally put away.
In the four added minutes MacDonald had a long range shot turned aside and Bennett headed over from a corner as time ran out on Mansfield's efforts..
STAGS: Kean, Bennett, Pearce, Taft, White (MacDonald 59), Whiteman, Byrom, Benning, Potter (Hamilton 75), Coulthirst, Rose (Green 80). Subs not used: Jensen, Collins, Howkins, Arquin.
LUTON: Moore, Justin, Rhea, Cuthbert, Sheehan, Potts (O'Donnell 84), Pelly-Ruddock, Lee, D'Ath, Vassell (Palmer 64), Hylton. Subs not used: Smith, Gray, Marriott, Gambin, King.
REFEREE: Mark Brown of East Yorkshire.
ATTENDANCE: 4,632 (892 away).
CHAD STAGS MAN OF THE MATCH: Shaq Coulthirst.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Like London buses, you wait ages for one and then two arrive.
A week after James Morrison celebrated their ten-year anniversary, West Bromwich Albion have a second long-serving player to toast.
West Brom agreed a fee with Sheffield Wednesday for Chris Brunt on this day in 2007 and completed their signing the following day.
Three million pounds pretty well spent.
Signed by Tony Mowbray, the Northern Irishman made their debut in a 2-0 triumph over Barnsley and opened their account two games later in a 3-2 win at Scunthorpe.
They quickly established themselves as a regular in a free-scoring team that won promotion to the top flight.
Their goals in the final two games helped clinch the second tier title.
It's saying a lot about the 32-year-old that they have remained an integral part of the team under seven managers since Mowbray.
Yet for all their quality and loyalty Brunt hasn't always had an easy ride from some Albion fans.
Brunt emerged as a scapegoat as the Baggies struggled to avoid relegation in the 2013/14 campaign.
Captain at the time, they were jeered after being substituting during a 2-0 defeat to Everton early in the following campaign prompting Ben Foster to slam the boo boys.
While many of their teammates disappeared swiftly down the tunnel following Albion's FA Cup loss at Reading in February 2016, Brunt had the courage and decency to applaud supporters who had made the trip.
A 50p coin, hurled by a yob in the away end, was the thanks they got.
The act of one mindless thug clearly didn't represent the views of the overwhelming majority of Baggies fans who rallied round Brunt in the aftermath.
An esteemed member of Albion's 300 Club, the highs of Brunt's ten-year tenure far outweigh the lows.
Their wand of a left foot has been responsible for some of the greatest goals Albion have scored in the modern era.
Who can forget their 45-yard half-volley at Middlesbrough or the screamer of a free-kick in that famous 4-1 win at Everton in November 2010?
Their pair of penalties in the 2-1 victory of Liverpool later that season and the thunderbolt at Yeovil in 2012.
Not to mention their stunning strike (my personal favourite) at Villa Park in 2014 and, more recently, their venomous volley against Sunderland in January, voted by fans as goal of the season.
Set pieces make up a good number of their Albion tally of 46, but in truth, Brunt has scored all sorts of different goals.
Goals haven't been quite so easy to come by in recent seasons, partly because they have operated at left-back for much of Tony Pulis' reign.
But the assists haven't dried up, as shown in the win over Bournemouth on Saturday.
Brunt stands up as one of Albion's greatest players for a generation and is surely one of the most technically gifted left-sided players ever to play for the club.
He's also a delight to deal with off the pitch and always an honest and open interviewee.
Brunt is now only one game away from 500 across their entire career.
We should be thankful so many of them have been for the Baggies.
Bollywood actor John Abraham unveiled a new song ‘Dilbar' from their upcoming action film ‘Satyameva Jayate'.
Taking to their Twitter handle, John wrote, “The ravishing new track from Satyameva Jayate is out now! Listen to Dilbar here: http://bit.ly/DilbarSong @zmilap @TSeries @SMJFilm @BajpayeeManoj @EmmayEntertain @nikkhiladvani #BhushanKumar @Norafatehi @iAmNehaKakkar @dhvanivinod @tanishkbagchi @Musicshabbir @ikkanomics”
The song is a recreated version of song ‘Dilbar' from 1999's film ‘Sirf Tum'.
Dancing to the recreated number is Nora Fatehi, while John Abraham is fighting goons. The song is sung by Neha Kakkar, Dhvani Bhanushali, Ikka while the lyrics have been penned by Shabbir Ahmed.
In the cop drama, John Abraham and Manoj Bajpayee are playing pivotal roles.
Directed by Milap Zaveri, the movie is all set to hit the big screens on August 15. It is likely to clash with Akshay Kumar's ‘Gold' and Kangana Ranaut's ‘Manikarnika'.
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, they say. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People living in high-rise properties in Reading have been offered advice which could save their lives after a fierce blaze destroyed a London tower block.
Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service is offering advice and reassurance in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire, which has claimed the lives of at least 12 people and left nearly 70 in hospital.
Firefighters in Berkshire have said they realise the raging fire which engulfed the 27-storey tower may concern people living in similar structures in Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham .
In a statement, RBFRS said: "Our advice to people who live in high-rise properties or purpose built flats or maisonettes, aside from having a smoke alarm and taking fire safety precautions, is to make sure you know your escape route and what to do if there is a fire inside your home or somewhere else in the building.
"If there is a fire inside your flat or maisonette, alert all the people in your flat and leave, closing your doors behind you.
"Follow your escape plan and if there is lots of smoke, crawl along the floor where the air should be clearer.
"Always use the stairs rather than the lift and call 999 as soon as you are in a safe place.
"If there is a fire elsewhere in the building, the structure of your flat – walls, floors, doors – are designed to give you a minimum of 30 to 60 minutes' protection from a fire.
"If there is a fire in your building but not inside your own home, you are usually safer to stay in your flat unless the heat or smoke from the fire is affecting you. If you stay put you should still immediately call 999.
"Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service works with local authorities, developers, and tenants to help ensure that the fire safety arrangements in high-rise accommodation are safe and appropriate.
"Our crews train ensuring they are familiar with high-rise buildings in our area and what action to take in the event of a fire.
"The advice in this statement is intended to help tenants develop an initial and safe escape plan.
"Once a 999 call is made and firefighters arrive at a fire, the advice may be reinforced or changed depending on the nature of the fire, the building and its tenants."
"In my 29 years with London Fire Brigade I have never seen a fire of this nature"
The cause of the fire at the tower block in north Kensington remains unknown, but London Fire Brigade is confident the tower block will not collapse.
Dany Cotton, London fire commissioner, said: "This is an unprecedented situation, with a major fire that has affected all floors of this 24 storey building, from the second floor up.
"In my 29 years with London Fire Brigade I have never seen a fire of this nature."
They added: "Crews wearing breathing apparatus have been working tirelessly in extremely difficult conditions to rescue people and to bring this major fire under control.
“London Ambulance Service have confirmed 68 people have been taken to six hospitals and a further 10 people have self presented."
A JustGiving page has been set up to help the residents of the tower block and there is advice for other people wanting to help.
Hello Beautiful
Canadian beauty Lana Ogilvie has plenty to be proud of. Not only is they a respected pioneer in the modeling world due to their work with the biggest names in fashion, to include Vogue, Neiman Marcus, Ralph Lauren and Cosmopolitan, Lana has also become a staple name in entertainment and fashion.
Agency: Next Models (Toronto)
Instagram: @lanaogilviemodel
Claim to fame:
Them landmark accomplishment of their career occured when they became the first Black woman to land an exclusive contract with Cover Girl. The ads featuring the 5'10 model were included in magazines all around the world, knocking down ethnic barriers on all levels. Coming from the supermodel cluster of Naomi Campbell, Rachel Hunter and Nikki Taylor that stormed into the early 90's, landing the Cover Girl contract was a huge breakthrough for models of color.
These days, Lana uses their beauty and energy to design exclusive jewelry for their company Sabre, which has been endorsed by other beauties such as model Ashley Graham and singer Alicia Keys. The collection features unique designs made by Lana with earth based materials and colors; all to feed their creativity. “As an artist, there is a constant need to create. I think of myself first as an artist and jewelry is my current medium.”
Check out more of Lana's creation on their Sabre Jewelry website.
DON'T MISS:
#MODELMONDAY: Alecia Morais Is Taking No Prisoners
#MODELMONDAY: Londone Myers Gets Crafty Off The Runway
#MODELMONDAY: Zuri Tibby Is Victoria's Secret PINK's First Black Spokesmodel
Disclaimer: Racers, fans, and keyboard warriors alike, don't let this article hurt your feelings. Racers, you may not like the honesty here. Fans, you may not agree with or understand my point of view, as you were not the one out there on the battlefield. Keyboard warriors, well, there's nothing I can tell you that you don't already know, right? I have to go through the LCQ to get to the main event, what do I really know? Gillette Stadium, home of the Patriots. New England will always feel like home to me. Even though these New England folks are crazy, I love them. Lots of die-hard moto fans, and a very tight knit motocross community. The racing and the track were almost as crazy as the fans, so let's dive in. Track: I really liked this track layout. Two sets of whoops, a long technical rhythm section, and lots of bowl turns for passing opportunities. That dirt, though, was easily some of the worst dirt I've ever ridden a dirt bike on. It would crumble apart in spots, it would harden into cement in spots, and then on some jump faces, it was incredibly soft and spongey. Traction was non-existent to the point where I almost pulled off multiple times throughout the day thinking I had a flat tire. It was impossible to find a perfect bike setup. Too stiff and you were sliding around even more; too soft and you would have gotten killed on the takeoffs and landings of some of those triples. Ruts were footpeg-deep across the entire track, some were bottomless, and some had a base, making it very hard to change up lines and feel safe. In the main event, that was the scariest track I've ever ridden in my life, no doubt about it. The good news here is that the track rode very slow, which is right up my alley for applying the turtle technique.
Jeff Kardas
Now let's get to the racing action. 250 Heat 1: I wish I could have ridden the track when it was that smooth, but I'll tell you what, it still didn't look easy. You could tell that everyone was fighting for traction even when the track was at its best. I think the track crew did everything they could to make it nice and keep it that way, but the dirt wouldn't allow. That case on the triple by Tanner Basso hurt me just watching it. That was one of the bigger triples of the season, and the takeoff was extremely soft, causing the ruts to form quickly. Any mistake out of the turn and you weren't jumping it, especially on a 250F. I love when they show the heart rates of the riders. It gives fans a little bit of perspective on how physically demanding this sport truly is. Everyone's heart rate is different, so it's hard to judge from one individual to the next, but when 90 percent of the riders out there are averaging 170 beats per minute the entire moto, you know it's tough. Zach Osborne riding around in the 150s is extremely impressive and shows how confident they are riding, as well as how fit they are. How about the last-corner pass by Ramyller Alves on Cody Vanbuskirk? Was it dirty? I'll give you the breakdown: Let's preface this with the fact that it's last corner of the last lap—almost anything flies at this point. Every situation is different because there are so many dynamics, and what is okay in one situation may not be okay in another. What Alves did was 100 percent justified. What Vanbuskirk did was 100 percent justified.
Alves vs. Vanbuskirk. Last corner for the last transfer spot ... THEY BOTH GO DOWN! pic.twitter.com/RIDb3iuRsI — SPEED (@SPEED) April 21, 2018
Alves hit the whoops incredibly fast and in total control. With the Vanbuskirk riding a middle line, Alves thought there was a big enough opening on the inside to make something happen. Vanbuskirk cut down hard with one whoop to go, closing the door on Alves. Alves had no option at that point and contact was imminent. I would have done the same thing Alves did. The only thing I would have done differently if I were Vanbuskirk is ride a much tighter line through the whoops, forcing Alves to go around me. If you could force someone to go around you, you could have complete control of that corner. Anyone thinking that Alves was out of line in that situation is wrong. Vanbuskirk can only be mad at themselves in this situation because if they just went faster on the last lap, they wouldn't have been in that position. The same thing happened to me last year when Cade Clason sent me into the flaggers' tower in the final turn, and I put the blame on myself because they should not have been close enough to make that happen. 450 Heat 1: Coolest style in supercross right now? Jason Anderson. Man, I could watch them ride all day long. Their footwork is just unmatched. If you don't know what I'm talking about, just watch their feet next time you see them ride. Toes are always pointed in, just giving them so much control of the bike from the waist down.
With two races to go, Anderson leads in overall standings by 34 points. Jeff Kardas
Interesting decision by Deven Raper to leave the door open like that going into last turn. It was almost as if they had that square-up move planned the whole time. Raper almost cut down too early because they nearly clipped Dustin Pipes' rear tire, but it worked out nicely. Props to Raper for making their second main event in a row. 450 Heat 2: For those of you watching at home, I wish I could explain to you how gnarly this track already was by this heat race. The ruts were footpeg-deep and square edges were starting to form. It was at this moment I knew that the main event would not be any fun.... Wow, Justin Barcia showed some serious racing smarts here, and Jeff Emig did a good job picking up on that as well on the broadcast. Now remember back to the other two heat races that had last corner passes and what the rider in front did (left the door open). Barcia made sure they covered the far left side of the whoops, and if you watch carefully, they purposely slowed down about halfway through them. They waited until Tomac was perfectly even with him, stuck on their outside, and then it was all over. At that point, Barcia could control Tomac's every move all the way through that corner. Kids, take notes on that one. 450 LCQ: What do you guys think of my balance standing up over seven different ruts as A-Ray block passed me in turn two? Maybe that was their payback for me goofing on them overriding in the mud back in Seattle. 250 Main: Jeremy Martin! I would have put Martin up against anyone on Saturday night to win. Their aggression on that track was bizarre. Watching it back on TV, I really have no idea how they were pushing so hard on that track the way it was. Very cool to watch. Huge props to Kyle Peters for making that podium happen. I tore my ACL in 2016 and continued racing that same night, and I also finished out the season. I'll tell you what this is like: The pain is excruciating, you don't have any strength in that leg, and your range of motion is non-existent. It is not easy. For them to come out the weekend after tearing an ACL and MCL and make the podium is a testament to how tough these supercross riders are.
Despite injury, Peters saw a season-best finish over the weekend. Rich Shepherd
Take note of where the sun is with a couple laps to go in the 250 main, because it would become a huge factor in the 450 race. 450 Main: Track is destroyed at this point, and the sun is completely in the eyes of all of the riders. On the face of the big triple, I couldn't see a single thing. As you can imagine, that's not the greatest feeling. You know it's bad when Anderson starts doubling the triple. Now this is where things get good. This is the moment I've been waiting for this entire article... let's talk about that last lap. Every takeout situation is different, and you must draw your conclusion based on a variety of factors. I do not side with one rider over the other on this incident, let me just break down the facts in detail. The ruts in that corner started forming lower and lower as the main ruts on the outside became unusable. Eli Tomac and Marvin Musquin, along with every other rider, would use the lowest rut to try and find some smooth real estate. In many take-out situations, you can argue that the rider on the offense didn't know the rider in front of them would cut down that hard. In this circumstance, Musquin knew where Tomac was going 100 percent, no question. Squaring up a corner to ride a line that tight can leave you exposed, so if I were in Tomac's shoes, I would not have chosen that line on the last lap of a race. They would have been better off riding the high line or even across the ruts to get to the high line and protect himself.
" It's racing. You don't want to do that damage like that, but at least you tried your hardest," Musquin (left) said of the incident in the 450 post-race press conference Rich Shepherd
Less than two hours after New York's first shooting homicide of 2017 another man was stabbed to death in the Bronx.
On Monday morning at about 5 a.m. police responded to 911 calls for help at an apartment building on Hoe Avenue.
Police said they arrived to find a 42-year-old man naked in a bedroom with stab wounds to their head and chest. They were taken to St. Barnabas Hospital where they were pronounced dead.
The suspect -- a woman wearing a black bubble vest -- ran away, police said.
Police said the victim's identity was being held until they could tell family. No arrests had been made and the investigation was ongoing.
The stabbing occurred about an hour and a half after an attempted robbery led to a man being shot to death in Queens, New York's first shooting homicide of 2017.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Was it important to get a striker?
“I didn't want to go into a situation in a few weeks time where we pick up an injury and scramble around for a striker
“Lewis has been around the block a bit and has that bit of knowhow.
“On top of that he's a very good player.
“I feel like we have strengthened with Axel and Lewis.”
Grabban has won promotions too
“He's been there, done it and got the t-shirt. They can score a goal at an important time.
“Thankfully the midfielders have helped this season in Kodjia's absence.
“But a proven striker at this time is a big help.
What do you like about him?
“He's had a very decent career, he's got a few promotions under their belt, and they know the division.
“I think they can play high in a two. It's a good fit for us.
“I didn't want to leave ourselves short with Kodjia injured.
“We all want four, you can never get enough strikers.
How do you keep every player happy?
“If you're going to be successful then you need a big squad.
“In a ideal world we wouldn't have the two, three or four too many that we have got,
“But It's my job to say when the chance comes along grasp it like Bjarnason did.
“That's the way I manage. Take it and stay in the team.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The strength of the squad is the reason we are where we are because we've had big injuries to key players.
“Let's hope I pick the right team and the balance.
“There's always going to be the debate, did they pick the right team
“It's what you get judged on as a manager. The hardest part always is keeping them happy.
“If I wasn't playing on a Saturday I was a beast, so I can understand it.”
Is it harder or easier now?
“Two or three went out and a couple come in. It's no harder than it was a few weeks ago.
“It was very hard leaving Tommy Elphick out when they were here,
“I will always be very thankful to him.
“I had to leave them out to bring back the captain and the real leader and influence in the dressing room.
“That's my biggest weapon - players are there and chomping at the bit.”
Good times around the corner?
“I've seen my staff celebrating, the supporters celebrating, the team, the whole lot of them engrossed in the winning goal.
“Little moments like that tell me, thankfully, it is starting to turn our way a little bit.
“Hopefully the tide is turning. We are in it together and hopefully the dark days are behind us and we have something to look forward to.
“I think it is vitally important there is a connection with the supporters, a connection with the staff.
“I realised this week, in difficult circumstances, how important my staff are to me.
“They prepared the team for Sheffield. They take all the plaudits because of the circumstances. I have relied on them and they have come through.
“The most pleasing thing for me was to see people celebrate.
“I know it is always nice when you score in the last minute. But there was a connection from the supporters and the team they support.
“That is vitally important because I think it had been amiss for a while. They associate with the team. We need everyone pointing in the same direction.”
Nigel Clough reckons it will be one-sided?
“I have huge respect for Burton and we all know the Championship throws up unbelievable results.
“It's pointless winning at Sheffield, if we can't get the right result against Burton.
“But I know they will be well-organised and I don't expect it to be one-sided at all.
“I'm expecting a difficult game. Whenever we have played against them it has been difficult.”
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
1:14 What will happen to Diablo Canyon after it closes?
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:26 Jerry Brown signs climate bill: 'This is big'
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
Veronica Taylor voiced Ash Ketchum for eight years in the English version of Pokémon and then Sarah Natochenny took over for the remainder of the anime series. Right before Sarah was brought on to do their thing, voice actor Kayzie Rogers played Ash for a 10th anniversary special Mastermind of Mirage Pokémon. Who would've guessed three women were behind the famed voice of the male protagonist?
The same can be said of the Japanese version—in Japan, Ash's character is voiced by actor/singer Rica Matsumoto. Hit the flip to compare all four versions of Ash Ketchum.
1 2Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
By Oludayo Tade
Kosewe, kosegbo, kosewe, kosegbo
Won tip'omi gutter po-ojuti dirty
Won tipo chemical po-awon omo Science Students (Olamide, Science student)
POPULAR culture remains central to the production of knowledge and communication of societal ills in Nigeria. While Nigerian hip-hop artistes smile to the bank despite their bare embrace and glamorisation of anti-social behaviours; others get endorsement from multinationals in a nation where first class products rarely get the attention of chief executives. Others however, detour, reckoning with the social responsibility of communicating halting anti-social behaviours. I argue in this piece that Nigeria's behindhand positionality in the comity of nations is owing to mixing of wrong elements in our private and public lives. This has characterised religious, economic, political and social activities. Nigeria's socio-economic and political higgledy-piggledy and tardiness of Aso-Rock is herein linked to its unholy matrimony of a variety of progressive and retrogressive actors forming exploitative alliances to edge out a perceived enemy and in the process, edging out the significant ‘others.' As a metaphoric ‘science student', President Muhammadu Buhari, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and Nigerians are reaping the results of this unholy matrimony.
The rave of the moment in Nigeria hip-hop circle is the Science Student, a song by Olamide, the one they call ‘Badoo' and its associated shakushaku dance. The innovative labelling of the song as ‘science student' is patterned after students in science class who normatively carry out experiments in laboratories, mixing different substances to get the desired results such as the famous iodine solution mixing with starch to give blue-black colour. By implication, what is mixed, determines the outcome. If you mix the right substances, the outcomes become desirable and vice versa. Wrong substances (Tramadol, Bajinatu, etc) litter major streets with huge patronage; they are seen as performance- enhancing drugs. The unintended consequences of the intended action are misbehaviour and poor body coordination emblematic in the staggering shakushaku dance. Wón tipo chemical pò ojúti dirty (they have mixed different substances) therefore reveals a person whose eyes become defocused, blurred and uncoordinated to the extent of being capable of doing the unexpected owing to wrong combination.
How is President Buhari and the ‘trashed' leader, Bola Tinubu ‘science students'? After three serial failed attempts to win elections and control the Federal Government, PMB and Tinubu did political amalgamation of ‘northern and southern' Nigeria collapsing their structures from the Congress for Progressive Change, CPC, and the Action Congress of Nigeria, ACN, into the new All Progressives Congress, APC. They used traitors in the Jonathan government to oust it. Rather than testing their popularity with the masses, they utilised the structures of persons with ‘dirty' antecedents to actualise their political victory. They forgot that once the common enemy is defeated and power is won, the conspirators will engage in battle of strength and supremacy over party governance and government control. Today, Senator Oluremi Tinubu has told us how the combination of wrong political elements has made the eyes of the ‘leader' dirty. Just like Olamide pleads with the smoky ‘science student', PMB now saddles the aggrieved leader ejèbùré nítorí ànóbì (pacify partymen) assignment ahead of 2019.
The 2018 poor international ratings of Nigeria in corruption and poverty rightly attest to the ‘science student' character of the present government which thrives on mixing ‘gutter' characters with saints. The government recruited supporters across party divides, not minding that those with clean records were the only essential elements needed in a government that wants to fight corruption. After forming government, fighting corruption from within becomes a problem. They even appointed those who have come to dent their anti-corruption crusade as ‘science students' to drive their agenda. It is to the credit of these characters and the behaviour of the ‘Oga at the Top' that has made corruption and poverty ranking nosedive. Little wonder, kòséwé kòségbò, wón tipo chemical pò, o júti dirty, won ti po chemical pò awon omo science student.
In this revealing combination of progressive and anti-progressive forces, no propaganda seems to do the magic anymore. Why? Àsírí èko ó tití lójú ewé (pap secret is unveiled in the presence of its covering). Olamide constructs this line to underscore the revelation of hitherto impossible things which have now become the essential features of the APC government. Many traits which were packaged for Mr. President before 2015 elections have fallen like a pack of cards. The clannish, nepotistic and favoristic manifestations rather than altruistic posture reverberated again in PMB's justification of their first visit to Taraba rather than Benue and Zamfara based on their belief that more persons were killed where their tribal affinities domicile. In Benue, PMB revealed that they were truly in charge when they said they were not aware that the Inspector-General of Police they ordered to relocate to Benue never stayed beyond a day! Olamide maintains that aféfé ti fé atirí fùrò mother nature, gòbe ti selè àsírí tú (the wind has blown open the hidden. trouble has started).
Now the smoke of insecurity, kidnapping, poverty, and unemployment on one hand and poor health infrastructure, poor education, poor road network and electricity continue to billow (eruku ti pojù àsírí tú); that even the pre-2015 mystical ozone layer constructed by the likes of Tinubu for Buhari as the solution to these problems is losing its protective testimonial. Today, the Buhari monstrosity of pre-2015 era is fast depleting. This is why it is funny for a Nigerian president to promise assisting Ghana, a better ranking country in fighting corruption! When ozone layer bursts (Ozone layer ti be, àsírí tú), the earth becomes warmer and more heat creates more problems. Such is the current fate of PMB as political actors begin to pitch their tents strategically ahead of time. The fate of the corrupt party-men being ‘ill-treated' under the present structure is to re-align with other ‘science students' since they have become Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, in the instant structure.
While Tinubu may be sounding as if things are normal with the ruling party, PMB continues to search for new ‘science students' ahead of 2019. Let those interested in fighting corruption align forces with the people who are interested in ridding the society off corruption and not curry the favour of the corrupt for electoral victory and later turn back to haunt them. To do that is, in my view, fraud and corruption. At the receiving end are the masses who suffer from ineffectual policy mixtures and implementation by APC appointed ‘science students.'
Nigerian voters as the third ‘science students' should therefore mix correct elements for positive impact and discard ‘gutter water' politicians that make us suffer. Also, identified political extorters (èèmò) and power merchants who lack empathy and are non-performing must not be remixed. To do that is to allow goobe (trouble) to replay. Eligible voters must shun ethnic, religious and clannish sentiments and elect the right mix of politicians who will not glory in health tourism but construct a world class health facility for Nigerians within the first 365 days. This is when Nigerians, like Aisha Buhari, shall tweet to celebrate the birth of a new dawn.
•Dr. Tade, a sociologist, can be reached through dotad2003@yahoo.com
Authorities say Jennair Gerardot and Meredith Chapman were found shot to death in a Pennsylvania home. ABC 6
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England will take on Sweden in the 2018 FIFA World Cup quarter-finals.
Fans erupted in celebration after a rare penalty shoot-out victory that sent the Three Lions through to the quarter final of the World Cup in Russia.
Goalkeeper Jordan Pickford made a stunning save before Eric Dier converted the fifth penalty at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow to give their side a dramatic win against Colombia.
The result that everyone across the nation craved, though, was delayed when the referee added five minutes of injury time.
Fans were poised to celebrate, but Colombia spoiled the party when Mina headed in the equaliser three minutes into injury time, sending the game into extra time.
The spectre of penalties returned once again as England fought to make it past the first knockout round of a competition.
Kane's penalty set the tone for an England squad who have exceeded expectations at the tournament, and teammate Eric Dier ensured the Three Lions' place in the quarter finals, though Liverpool's Jordan Henderson will have to live down a save.
Superior supporter numbers in Moscow counted for little as England won their first knockout game since 2006 to qualify for the quarter final.
Sales through the Football Association's Travel Club were the lowest since the Tunisia game, with 1,520 fans buying through the FA.
A further 735 were sold via the Fifa allocation, so those with official tickets will make up 2,225 in total, although the numbers in the stadium were likely to be higher as a result of those who have purchased ticket from unauthorised sellers and other fans.
The win means England will play Sweden in the quarter final on Saturday.
When is England's semi-final?
England will face the winner of Croatia or Russia in the semi-final.
The match will take place on Wednesday, July 11.
It will kick off at 7pm.
The game takes place in Moscow.
England's route to the final Quarter final: Sweden vs England, 3pm - Saturday July 7
Semi-final: Wednesday July 11, 7pm
Final: Sunday July 15, 4pm
When is the final?
The final will then see The Three Lions (should they advance through the quarters and semi-final) face Brazil, Uruguay, France or Belgium in the final.
This kicks off at 4pm on Sunday, July 15.
The third-placed playoff takes place the day before.
It's coming home!
The Intercept ran an extensive article on the libertarian effort to free Latin America from dictatorship and cronyism. That effort is guided by Alejandro Chafuen.
Some years ago, I had the pleasure to interview Dr. Chafuen about their book, Faith and Liberty, about the scholastic tradition of the School of Salamanca which preceded the Scottish Enlightenment in trying to understand and explain the foundations of liberty in property, regularity, and the restraint of the Prince.
This is one of my favorite interviews because it offers not only a window into a true leader's thinking, but also into their soul.
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Thinkstock and Amazon.
Alexa, what's in the fridge? Do you know? Because I certainly don't. Alexa, how long have these Brussels sprouts been here? And can I still eat this rice? Alexa, how do I season a cast iron skillet? In the oven … are you sure? Should I get a credit card? What is a W-2? How do I get a stain out of silk? Alexa, what should I do with my life?
“Generation Uphill,” they call us, and was there ever a cohort more receiving of pity and scorn? If you've been following the think pieces, you'd be justified in being surprised that so many of us have kept ourselves alive: The stereotype, warranted or not, that millennials are struggling to #adult is widespread, and it's more durable than my houseplant (RIP).
Less controversial is the stereotype that we love our in-home technology. Market research shows that millennials are most responsible for the rapid uptake in voice-assisted smart speakers, with their use “projected to outstrip Gen X usage 2-to-one for the next three years, and outstrip Boomer usage 3-to-one.” As tech natives, millennials are more likely to embrace and become immediately comfortable with new technology, with anything that offers to make our lives easier. We may not like calling or interacting with people, but we'll happily do so with futuristic tech.
We also have a lot of questions. Some of them are about the news or the weather, but many more of them are about how to be a functioning grown-up. “So it turns out, being an adult is mostly just googling how to do stuff,” goes one of the internet's numerous “adulting” memes. (After all, “one does not simply turn 18 and morph into an adulting adult.”) That's not to say that all millennials are flailing when it comes to adulthood, but many are. According to a Bank of America survey of 18- to 26-year-olds, 40 percent of college-educated grads don't feel prepared for the “real world,” while more than one-quarter of young people said they wish school had taught them how to manage monthly bills and do taxes.
Enter the Echo. The number of enablable skills in the Alexa Skills Store has reached more than 30,000, though some are of questionable quality (like Remember Your Keys, which tells you to remember your keys … but only if you say “Alexa, open Remember Your Keys”). Alexa is full of life skills and organizational tips, and a growing number seem to be targeted at millennials struggling to run their own lives. Are millennials picking something up from Alexa other than a penchant for NPR?
Search for “adulting” in Alexa Skills, and you'll find Adulting Guide, a skill that “provides advice for young adults starting out on their own.” It has six areas in which it can advise those wishing to #adult: Finance, Auto, Insurance, Time Management, Food, and Home. (Someone should probably tell the makers of Adulting Guide that millennials aren't buying cars.) “Welcome to the 411 for adulting,” says the guide when I enable it. “If you are just getting started on your own, you can pick up some helpful information here.” When I ask for an insurance tip, the guide tells me, “Investing in good, quality food and regular exercise is the best way to insure yourself against future health problems.” (It's not bad life advice, but …) It's clear this skill is trying to condescend to millennials when I ask for a household tip: “Vinegar and baking soda are not just effective for science fair volcanoes but are useful agents to clean pots, pans, and even the kitchen sink.”
If you're in an existential crisis, you can turn to Operation Millennial: “Advice for millennials on answering that age-old question, “What Should I Do With My Life” in college, career and relationships”—surely helpful for us self-absorbed millennials, obsessed with “finding ourselves,” though unfortunately it had no advice/updates for me today. A search for “millennial” also returns Millennial Money, The Personal Brand, and Patience & Hustle Daily—an exhaustive list of what millennials need to survive. Oh, and of course this Unofficially Magical Conch Shell (definitely not affiliated with Magic 8-Ball) for making those big quarter-life decisions. In fact, millennials living away from home for the first time can actually turn Alexa into a parent with skills Mom Says and Dad-Bot. When I asked for some Mom advice, I was told never to be afraid to say I don't know, and to “at least once, date someone with beautiful red hair.” Dad was ready with some tough love: “If you want to be a dumbass, then keeping doing it that way.”
Other brands are also seeing the potential in helping millennials win at life. One bank launched an Alexa Skill that converts prices into “CurrenSee,” or the equivalent working hours, targeted at—you guessed it—us spendthrift millennials. (Alexa, convert one avocado toast into hours spent working minimum wage.) Soon there may no longer be a need for Still Tasty, the site that tells you how long produce will stay fresh: This Kickstarter wants to create Alexa-connected smart Tupperware that warns you when food is about to go bad. Alexa's Household Chores tips, meanwhile, are verging on insulting. If you ask for one, Alexa suggests, “How about washing bedding and towels today?” (Well duh, with what, Ned?)
On the other end of the spectrum, smart homes are helping another transitioning generation—baby boomers—to “age in place” and maintain their independence. Smart homes allow older people to control lights and temperature, answer the door, order groceries, and keep their minds engaged. A number of these smart home features wouldn't go astray in a millennial household—including turning off the stove if left unattended too long.
It's clear that some millennials are struggling a little with adult life, but it's not our fault. Jeffrey Jensen Arnett—a Clark University psychology professor whose research focuses on what they have termed “emerging adulthood,” the period between adolescence and full-fledged adulthood—says that this gap has lengthened over time. In their TEDx Talk, “Why Does It Take So Long to Grow Up Today?,” Arnett says that due to numerous recent revolutions—sexual, women's, technological—young people are completing major milestones—marrying, graduating, starting a home—later in life. It's during this phase of roommates, further study, and emerging adulthood that we may feel like we're struggling to feed and clothe ourselves—and turn to memes about #adulting and #wine.
When I call them to ask, Arnett says they aren't particularly worried about millennials, or their use of digital assistants. Our transition to adulthood may be slower, but #adulting is something that most people pick up gradually. For tech native millennials, Alexa is just “another source of information,” says Arnett. “And information is good when you're going into new challenges and new responsibilities that you may not fully feel you're ready for.”
Hey, as Mom Says always says, never be afraid to say, “I don't know.”
President Donald Trump gestures to the crowd after speaking at a salute to service dinner at the Greenbrier Resort on June 3, 2018 in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
We already knew President Donald Trump had thoughts about possibly maybe invading Venezuela. But it turns out those thoughts were persistent and it took a lot for the commander in chief to accept that going against the wishes of all the U.S. allies in the region was perhaps not the best way forward.
The Associated Press reports that aides were stunned when they brought up the issue at a meeting in the Oval Office in August. For around five minutes, those around him, including then-national security adviser H.R. McMaster, explained why it would be a bad idea. Trump wouldn't take no for an answer and kept pushing back, noting that kind of action had worked in the past.
Despite the repeated explanations of why they should tamp down talk of military action, Trump persisted. They mentioned it in public and later to Colombia's president. So when it came time to meet with the leaders of four allied nations in Latin America, their aides called on them to please avoid any mention of a military option for Venezuela. What were the president's first words at the dinner? “My staff told me not to say this…”
It seems Trump eventually got the message when the Latin American leaders made it clear to them they would not view military action favorably and McMaster pulled them aside to explain in detail just why it would be such a horrible idea. But beyond this one episode, “critics say it also underscores how their ‘America First' foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless, providing ammunition to America's adversaries,” notes the AP. After all, talk of invasion is music to Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro's ears considering they often talk about how Washington wants to topple their regime to access the country's oil reserves.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA (CNN/RNN) – Several people were injured at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, VA, Saturday morning.
An altercation broke out during the “Unite the Right” rally. The injuries are described as serious, but non-life-threatening.
Police declared the outbreak of violence represented an unlawful assembly and told the crowds to disperse. Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe called the violence “unacceptable” and declared a state of emergency and the National Guard aided in policing the event.
Below is the Governor's statement regarding the emergency declaration they authorized this morning: pic.twitter.com/yS1E9mispG — Terry McAuliffe (@GovernorVA) August 12, 2017
Thousands of people are expected to take part in the protest against the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Shortly following the violence, the area surrounding the statue was cleared by law enforcement.
Demonstrators are still staging rallies around the city, and reports say a car crashed into a group of protesters. Video shows a car ramming into the back of another car, causing a pile-up and sending people over the top of the vehicle in front of it. The car then rapidly drives away in reverse as several people lay on the ground injured.
The number of injuries and the severity of those injuries is not known.
Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer urged the protesters to “GO HOME.”
I am furious & heartsick by the car crash that has injured many. Please all-go home to your families. We can work tomorrow. GO HOME! PLEASE! — Mike Signer (@MikeSigner) August 12, 2017
READ MORE: Cleveland19.com
Article Courtesy of CNN and WOIO Cleveland 19 News
First Picture Courtesy of the Anadolu Agency and Getty Images
First and Second Tweet, and Second Picture Courtesy of Twitter, CNN, and WOIO Cleveland 19 News
First and Second Video, and Third Picture Courtesy of Facebook and Katie Couric
Hand puppets are funny; they just are.
I've done a few cartoons with them before, but this one is my favorite, I think. I get to use the word “proxy,” the puppet is named “Mr. Handsington,” and I quite like how the cityscape in the background turned out.
I don't know that this would go over in real life given the current job climate, but I think we can all agree that at the very least, hand puppets are funny.
Honoring those from Santa Barbara County who died during the Vietnam War will be the mission of the five-day visit of The Moving Wall, the original replica of the national memorial designed to honor the sacrifice of the more than 58,000 men and women who died in that conflict.
It will also serve as a reminder of the 11 million who served during the Vietnam War era. Members of the Vietnam Veterans of America-Chapter 218 of Santa Barbara are bringing The Moving Wall to Chase Palm Park on East Cabrillo Boulevard from noon Thursday through noon Monday.
Visitors can visit The Moving Wall 24/7 during the five-day stay. UCSB ROTC members will stand guard at The Moving Wall, as it will be illuminated throughout the night, and volunteer docents will be on hand to help guide visitors, locate a name and provide information on the memorial itself.
Dedication ceremonies begin at noon Saturday followed by a flyover at 1 p.m. of Vietnam-era fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters. This could be the last time we will see such a large group of Huey helicopters in formation, making this dedication ceremony very unique.
There will also be a Huey parked at The Moving Wall for Saturday's events.Maj. Gen. Joseph Franklin, former commandant of West Point and a veteran of two tours in Vietnam, will be the keynote speaker. Chapter 218 will also honor and remember the 99 veterans from Santa Barbara County who were killed during the war by reading their names aloud.
Additionally, at 6:30 p.m. Sunday there will be a nondenominational candlelight vigil to include all who wish to honor and remember our veterans — past, present and future and come together in one voice.
“By providing the community with an opportunity to see it and reflect on what happened to this country, and indeed, the world from 1959 to 1975, we honor and remember all Vietnam vets,” said Hap Desimone, president of the VVA Chapter 218.
The Moving Wall has been here before — in 1997, again in 2001 just a few weeks after 9/11, and in 2005.
Visitors are encouraged to bring notes, artifacts, wreaths and photos to commemorate their loved ones. The Moving Wall staff will gather up all of these mementos to be carefully stored with The Moving Wall in Minneapolis.
Donations and sponsors are sought to help defray the costs of bringing The Moving Wall to Santa Barbara. Sponsorships range from $100 to $5,000. Individuals, families, businesses or organizations can also sponsor a flag at The Moving Wall for $100. When The Moving Wall comes down on Monday, the flag will be presented to the sponsor. Click here for more information about these opportunities, or send a check in care of VVA No. 218, P.O. Box 4862, Santa Barbara, CA 93140.
Volunteer docents are also needed to help staff the exhibit. Members of the VVA No. 218 and Vietnam vets will be the first groups from where docents are sought, but any resident who wishes to help may also sign up. Shifts are three hours each and will require attendance at a training session at 7 p.m. Tuesday at the Veterans Memorial Building, 112 W. Cabrillo Blvd. in Santa Barbara. Call 805.284.6372 or email Don Matter at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Maureen McFadden is a publicist representing Vietnam Veterans of America-Chapter 218 of Santa Barbara.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby man accused of murdering their former partner beat a previous woman with a bar and burnt them in a series of "extremely serious" domestic assaults, their trial has heard.
Atual Mustafa is on trial at Derby Crown Court accused of murdering Sohbia Khan at their home in Pear Tree Crescent, Normanton.
They deny murder. Today, a second count of grievous bodily harm with intent was added and Mustafa pleaded not guilty to that charge.
Prosecutor Michael Auty QC read out to the jury a number of facts of the case that are agreed between the prosecution and defence teams.
The trial has previously heard that Mustafa had been given a hospital order after being convicted of causing grievous bodily harm to a former partner in 2009.
When addressing the jury about Mustafa's partner before Miss Khan, they said: "He accused them of not lowering their gaze. They took their mobile phone from them They insisted they cover them face. They beat them with a bar. They burnt her."
Mr Auty also said Mustafa threatened to kill the woman and put a cushion over their face. They said there were 50 signs of recent injury found on their body.
Mr Auty read out findings by Dr Michael Biggs, a Home Office pathologist, who carried out a post-mortem examination on Miss Khan's body.
Mr Auty said the report showed "there was burning in both cases".
Before being released into the community after being convicted of causing GBH, they stayed at the Cygnet Hospital in Derby. Yesterday, the trial heard Mustafa had an affair with a member of staff there.
Mustafa denies both charges. The trial continues.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Goalie makes huge save -- an opposing player's life
hello
Their rescue of an opposing team's player who collapsed during a hockey game March 1 wasn't the first time Oliver Urrego, left, has been called upon to help save a life. In 2017, they and their wife performed CPR on their father-in-law Tom Schuld, right, when they went into cardiac arrest at the couple's Long Grove home. Courtesy of Oliver Urrego
Oliver Urrego sprang into action March 1, when an opposing player collapsed on the ice during an adult league hockey game at Twin Rinks Ice Pavilion in Buffalo Grove.
Urrego, a goalie in the late-night game, rushed over to Tom Napholz after seeing them fall face-first, no doubt already unconscious since they didn't even put their arms out to brace for the fall. The Long Grove resident saw Napholz' ears turning blue and knew it was serious.
While a scorekeeper called 911, referees rushed to the facility's other rink, blowing a whistle to stop the game and ask if there was a doctor on the ice.
While the goaltender on Napholz' team, Mike Tuntland, started CPR, Urrego, 33, took charge of the life-or-death situation. They told other players to get the automated external defibrillator (AED), which the rink installed years ago.
"A couple of months ago, (my team) won a championship at Buffalo Grove and I remember seeing the AED at the rink and thinking, 'How awesome, God forbid I ever have to use it, but at least I know it's there,'" they said.
Urrego gave Napholz chest compressions, then used the AED to revive him. It was the first time they used an AED.
"After that second shock, it definitely restarted their motor; they started getting their color back, they started to respond, and then about 30 seconds later, they opened their eyes," Urrego said. "It was an absolute miracle, for sure."
Paramedics arrived about five minutes later and took the younger Napholz to Advocate Condell Medical Center in Libertyville for further treatment.
Urrego was "under control and running things," according to Mike Napholz, Tom's older brother and teammate.
"The paramedics praised Oliver -- they saved my brother's life," Mike Napholz said. "The emergency room physician told Tom, 'What they did for you saved your life. By all accounts, you should be dead right now.'
"It's a miracle … We're so grateful Oliver was there and able to do what they did."
Tom Napholz, 53, of Crystal Lake, had an angiogram performed March 5, and doctors determined they had 80 percent blockage in one artery. They had open-heart surgery March 6. He's since been released from the hospital.
"I'm doing fine, other than the fact that three guys were beating the (heck) out of my sternum and someone electrocuted me twice," they said with a laugh. "They saved my life … I can't be grateful enough for what they did for me."
Tom said their hockey career is now in their doctor's hand, "but I absolutely want to skate again."
Their collapse occurred shortly after they collided with an opposing player. They got up, asked if the other player was OK and took a few strides before passing out right in front of their team's bench.
It was not the first time Urrego has found themselves in a life-of-death situation.
On May 24, 2017, their father-in-law, Tom Schuld, went into sudden cardiac arrest at Urrego's home. They and their wife, Erica, performed CPR until paramedics arrived.
"The second we got (Napholz') helmet off, I saw my father-in-law; they had the same symptoms, was acting the same," Urrego said.
While undergoing treatment at Condell, Napholz was one door down from where Schuld stayed after their cardiac arrest. The same doctor treated both men.
"It's the weirdest divine intervention ever," said Urrego, who visited Napholz in the hospital -- and brought them two lottery tickets.
ABC/Paula Lobo(LOS ANGELES) — Anthony Anderson is having an exceptional day. In addition to being nominated for a Golden Globe Best Actor in a TV Series, Comedy for black-ish, the show itself received a nomination, as did the animated movie, Ferdinand, for which they provide a voice.
This is Anderson's second, back-to-back Golden Globe nomination for their role in the best performance by an actor category. They learned of their nomination on Good Morning America, while promoting their forthcoming episode of black-ish, where their character Andre will be diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes.
“So it's actually a great morning, to sit here and talk to you about our show black-ish and the things that we're dealing with — diabetes and my partnership with Nova Nordisk: get real about diabetes,” Anderson tells ABC Radio. And to have an announcement made this morning about that. So, I'm on cloud nine right now.”
black-ish airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. on ABC. The 2018 Golden Globes will air live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Sunday, January 7, 2018 on NBC.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When you've played alongside a fellow footballer for almost six years, you can perhaps be forgiven for being a little miffed when said fellow footballer leaves you out of their all-time best XI!
In the case of Youssouf Mulumbu, that's what happened when they discovered that he'd been omitted from ex-West Brom teammate Graham Dorrans' greatest side.
The pair were reunited at Ibrox this past weekend when Mulumbu's Kilmarnock visited Dorrans' Rangers - though the latter was absent because of an ankle injury that has kept them on the sidelines for the past three months.
The Scotland international did take part in a match-day programme feature, however, where a member of the Gers squad selects the best XI that they've played with throughout their careers.
Dorrans, who made almost 200 appearances for the Baggies, predictably included a number of former Albion favourites (and villains) in their side - as well as international colleague and Aston Villa defender Alan Hutton.
Interestingly, Dorrans opted for Scott Carson in goal, over fellow keeper Ben Foster.
Alongside Hutton in defence, Dorrans lined up heroic pair Jonas Olsson and Gareth McAuley, while Paul Robinson fills in at left-back.
Another Scot, James Morrison, features in midfield alongside ex-captain Jonathan Greening - interestingly, there's a place for Spanish flop Borja Valero, too.
In a three-pronged attack up front, Dorrans selected Romelu Lukaku and Peter Odemwingie - talismen both - and the decorated Nicolas Anelka, whose infamous spell at the club ended sourly following the “Quenelle” controversy.
Mulumbu, who played their part as Killie pulled off an excellent 1-0 win at Ibrox, tweeted after the game about how impressed they were by the venue - though they were less than impressed by Dorrans side that didn't involve him!
They tweeted: "@OfficialKillie Fans thank you so much once again it was amazing #3points btw #Ibrox what a stadium but #Dozza I need some explanation lol"
Fan favourite
Mulumbu claimed, upon leaving The Hawthorns in 2015, that Albion were more special to them than academy club Paris Saint-Germain.
The DR Congo midfielder became a true fan favourite during their stint at B71.
"This club is more special to me than Paris," Mulumbu said at the time. "PSG was the academy for me, where I became a professional.
"But this club gave me everything, they gave me the opportunity to play at the highest level. People know me now because I played for West Bromwich. I thank them for that.
"I came here, in my opinion, as a good player but now I leave as a good Premier League player. And I will never forget my time here."
Transfer rumours
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a move for Numancia forward Guillermo Fernandez Hierro this summer, ahead of what is increasingly looking like a Championship campaign.
Guillermo, 25 in May, arrived at the club last summer and to date has scored seven goals in 30 appearances for the Spanish Segunda side - including two at the Bernabeu against Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
Guillermo has previously played for Athletic Bilbao, Leganes and Elche, and the Sun say that Albion are keeping tabs on them ahead of an inevitable squad rebuild in the close season.
The Spanish attacker is thought to be valued in the region of £2m.
West Brom man wanted by Aston Villa as Albion take another stumble
Albion, rock bottom of the Premier League after a run of seven straight league defeats and one victory in 29, are the division's lowest scorers with a meagre 24 goals.
Strikers Jay Rodriguez and Salomon Rondon have nine and eight goals this season respectively, in all competitions.
The Baggies have managed to net more than once in a league match on just two occasions since Alan Pardew replaced Tony Pulis as manager in November - they came in the 2-0 victory over Brighton and the 3-2 reverse at home to fellow strugglers Southampton last month.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Albion are bracing themselves for interest in defender Craig Dawson this summer and local rivals Aston Villa are keeping tabs on him, according to the Sunday People.
Dawson, 27, is among a clutch of Hawthorns stalwarts who could leave the club during the summer once relegation to the Championship is confirmed.
Premier League side Burnley have been consistently linked with the former Rochdale man who is now reportedly attracting interest from Villa and Middlesbrough.
Middlesbrough are of course managed by former Baggies boss Tony Pulis and the Welshman remains a keen admirer of Dawson. Like Villa, Boro are in the midst of a battle to reach the Premier League and are keen to bolster their ranks whatever division they're in next season.
Dawson is under contract at Albion until 2020 but may welcome a fresh start once the Baggies' fate is decided.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
One year to live: what would you do with your money?
Kevin Winter
Singer Sam Smith performs with Guy Lawrence of Disclosure during the Disclosure show on day 2 of the 2016 Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival Weekend 1 at the Empire Polo Club on April 16, 2016 in Indio, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Coachella)
By Melissa Ruggieri, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
It's a major return for Sam Smith in 2018.
The Grammy magnet will release “The Thrill of It All,” their much-anticipated follow-up to their 2014 breakthrough, “In the Lonely Hour,” on Nov. 3.
﻿>> Read more trending news ﻿
In June 2018, he'll launch a tour to support the album, kicking off in Toronto and wrapping up in Calgary, Alberta, on Sept. 13.
Tickets for the general public will go on sale at 10 a.m. Oct. 12 at www.axs.com. A 24-hour pre-sale for fans will begin at 10 a.m. Oct. 11 at http://samsmithworld.com. Each ticket purchased online will include a copy of the new album. Tickets are $35-$125.
Smith's new album is available for pre-order now at http://samsmith.world/TTOIAUS. Those who pre-order the album will receive an instant download of the song “Pray,” plus the first single, “Too Good at Goodbyes.”
The “Stay with Me” singer will perform on “Saturday Night Live” Oct. 7.
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 U.S. Tour Dates
6/22 Detroit, MI Little Caesars Arena
6/23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena
6/26 Boston, MA TD Garden
6/27 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center
6/29 New York, NY Madison Square Garden
7/3 Washington, DC Capital One Arena
7/4 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center
7/6 Charlotte, NC Spectrum Center
7/7 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena
7/10 Duluth, GA Infinite Energy Center
7/11 Orlando, FL Amway Center
7/13 Tampa, FL Amalie Arena
7/14 Miami, FL AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 New Orleans, LA Smoothie King Center
7/18 Houston, TX Toyota Center
7/20 Dallas, TX American Airlines Center
7/21 Austin, TX Frank Erwin Center
7/25 Monterrey, MEX Arena Monterrey
7/27 Mexico City, MEX Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 Saint Paul, MN Xcel Energy Center
8/15 Chicago, IL United Center
8/17 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena
8/18 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center
8/21 Denver, CO Pepsi Center
8/22 Salt Lake City, UT Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 Sacramento, CA Golden 1 Center
8/28 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center
8/29 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center
8/31 Glendale, AZ Gila River Arena
9/1 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center
9/4 Oakland, CA Oracle Arena
9/5 San Jose, CA SAP Center
9/7 Portland, OR Moda Center
9/8 Seattle, WA KeyArena
June hasn't even hit yet and it's already looking to be a hot summer.
…like furnace heat hot.
Some major rappers are releasing solo projects this year and already some controversial talk is following each release.
Things reached a climax when Drake dropped their “Duppy Freestyle” diss against Pusha T where they questioned Push's drug dealing past and even took shots at Kanye West.
Push has since responded with their brutal “The Story of Adidon” where they took some vicious shots at Drizzy's family life.
The allegations are cutting deep this summer.
Swipe through for the biggest rumors and accusations rappers will have to explain on wax!
Surgical Summer: 7 Allegations Rappers Will Have To Explain In Their 2018 Releases was originally published on globalgrind.com
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Opening day bragging rights
Aston Villa's under-23s kicked off their Premier League 2 campaign with a thrilling 3-1 victory over neighbours West Bromwich Albion at Walsall's Banks's Stadium.
Kevin MacDonald's line-up included the immensely talented Callum O'Hare as well as Jordan Lyden and Keinan Davis.
Lyden (pen) and Davis were on target for Villa either side of Alex Bradley's stunning leveller for Albion in a 90 minutes stacked with chances. Jake Doyle-Hayes rounded off the victory with a screamer of their own on the final whistle.
Read the report below...
Ratings:
'I don't know if he's a patient man'
Steve Bruce says they don't know if Aston Villa owner Dr Tony Xia is a patient man - but expects to find out soon enough.
Villa have enjoyed a mixed start to the new season and Bruce was left livid by Saturday's collapse at Cardiff City as they watched their expensively assembled side fall to a 3-0 defeat.
An opening day draws with Bruce's former club Hull City and a Carabao Cup triumph at Colchester United looked to have teed up Villa's trip to Cardiff nicely, but goals from Nathaniel Mendez-Laing (2) and Junior Hoilett sent supporters home angry.
Not enough swagger
“We've got to get our swagger back.”
That was the message from the Aston Villa board on the eve of this Championship season.
Note the word - 'swagger'.
Dictionary definition: Swagger (verb) walk or behave in a very confident and arrogant or self-important way.
Now Villa can talk the talk, but they've had some familiar troubles walking the walk in the first week of the season.
Read Mat Kendrick's opinion piece below...
'You know exactly where it ends'
There is a scene in the Matrix where the lead character, Neo, wavers between taking a risk on the unknown or the comfort of familiarity.
Fellow computer hacker, Trinity, was thankfully on hand to give Neo a nudge in the right direction,
"You've been down there Neo. You know that road. And you know exactly where it ends."
Villa blogger Shelley Osborne-Price has them say:
The pond at the Cambria Community Services District's Sustainable Water Facility, seen in May. Cambrian file photo
The Nyinahin District Commander of Police, Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) Christian Dogbatse, has advised students to stay away from activities that could negatively affect their future.
The commander, who gave the advice, said the students should stay away from crime and violence, as “they do not pay and only cut your future short.”
Mr Dogbatse said this during a sensitisation programme organised for the students of the Nyinahin Catholic Senior High School in the Atwima Mponua District.
The programme, which was on the theme, ‘Consequences of crime on the lives of students,' was to educate the students on the need to stay away from crimes and concentrate on their education.
According to him, “Involving in crimes such as defilement, rape, stealing, robbery, assault and other offensive conducts do not only hurt you but your families and the society at large.”
Mr Dogbatse explained that petty squabbles with peers could escalate and become violent and that could disrupt public peace and cause harm.
When this happened, they said, offenders were usually prosecuted, and that could lead to custodial sentences when found guilty.
As such, they said, there was the need for students to comport themselves always and avoid acts of violence.
The Headmistress of the school, Mrs Emma Amoateng Mensah, was grateful to the police for the education which, they said, would go a long way to shape the lives of the students.
They said students were fond of assaulting one another, engaging in fights, pilfering, as well as smoking.
Mrs Mensah believed that with the sensitisation, most of them would turn over a new leaf, and advised the students not to hesitate to report anyone found to have been involved in any criminal act to the police.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Schoolgirl Kiera Baxter was determined to do something to thank those who have held their beloved granddad as they battle cancer.
The 13-year-old schoolgirl was so impressed with the care their granddad, who has terminal cancer, received so they could remain living in their own home, they decided they had to do something to raise money.
So the de Ferrers Academy pupil has decided to have their long hair clipped short.
Kiera's granddad, George Hope, was diagnosed with terminal oesophagus cancer in October and now relies on the help of nurses from St Giles Hospice, in Whittington, who have also been praised by their the schoolgirl's mum Suzannah.
Mrs Baxter, 38, from Burton, said their 65-year-old father, who lives alone in Tamworth, would have had to go into a hospice a lot sooner if it had not been for the work of the nurses from St Giles to enable them to remain at home.
(Image: Suzannah baxter)
However, more recently, they have now entered the hospice.
Now Kiera is preparing have their hair cut short at Burton Canoe Club in July to raise money for the charity-run hospice.
They said: "I have decided that I would like to raise as much money as I can for St Giles Hospice to show my appreciation for them.
"Last October my granddad was diagnosed with oesophagus cancer, which unfortunately is terminal. They gave them months to live.
"With the support in so many different ways my granddad managed to stay at home, with all their home comforts and be comfortable.
"This would not have been able to happen without them. They visited them every day and made sure they had everything they needed to continue to live at home as long as possible.
"They really took time to get to know my granddad and got to know us as a family, not only do they support them they are very supportive to each and every member of our family.
"Being a 13-year-old girl at high school this is a massive thing to do. However I would really appreciate every penny no matter how little or large it maybe. I would love to hit my target and go past it if possible."
The youngster has already raised around £650 with less than three weeks to go until the big shave.
Mrs Baxter said: "St Giles has been sensational at keeping them at home. Without the help of them it would have been impossible to keep them at home.
"They give them their medicine and everything else they have needed. They bath them and really get to know him.
"He can be cheeky and says they don't need a shower but they make sure they do.
"Dad is very independent. Once, before they arrived, they collapsed while trying to mow their lawn so they mowed it for him. They go above and beyond with my father.
"Kiera can see the impact they have on him. I haven't got to go over every single day because I know they are there. They are fantastic
"We are a family who have done a number of things for charity. Kiera has been going into school every day with their St Giles' T-shirt over their uniform and with a bucket and they have raised about £200 from school.
"She has raised about £650 altogether, including online and offline donations."
On the big day Kiera's hair will be put into ponytails and cut with the hair being donated to charity to help make wigs for other cancer sufferers who have lost their hair as a result of treatment.
Mrs Baxter added: "I was worried about them shaving all their hair but they said it wouldn't mean much if they didn't shave it.
"She isn't really bothered. I am more nervous. It is a great thing they are doing.
"It has given them more confidence and their grandfather is ridiculously proud."
Kiera is also holding a cake sale at Coopers Square shopping centre near Boots, on Saturday, July 8.
There will be a tombola with prizes also as well as a big teddy for a name the teddy game.
Kiera having their hair lopped at Burton Canoe Club, Newton Road, on Saturday, July 14.
Anyone who would like to sponsor Kiera can visit www.justgiving.com/fundraising/kiera-baxter
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some yoghurts can almost send children over their daily sugar limit - in just one serving.
Public health experts have issued a warning after medics said their own analysis found that some yoghurts contain the equivalent of almost five sugar cubes.
NHS guidelines say children aged between four and six should have no more than 19g or five cubes of free sugar (sugar not 'locked in' naturally to products) a day.
The NHS also advises that seven-to-10-year-olds should have no more than six cubes.
More than 5,000 littles ones were admitted to have almost 23,000 thousand teeth pulled under general anaesthetic last year - at a cost of almost £10m to the tax payer.
Recent figures also show that 57% of kids aged 12 and almost three quarters of 15-year-old's have had obvious decay in their permanent teeth.
Public Health Liverpool is to highlight its findings with a media campaign across health centres, dentists' surgeries, children's centres and hospitals over the coming months.
It is also launching a roadshow tour of supermarkets and public buildings where experts will be available to talk to caregivers about healthy food choices.
The drive, which is backed by the Liverpool-based campaign group Food Active, is aimed at tackling childhood obesity in the city, where figures show around 12% of school reception age children and more than 23% of year six pupils are classed as obese.
Councillor Tim Beaumont, mayoral lead for wellbeing, said: "Parents are bombarded by marketing messages that yoghurts are healthy. Some are, but many are loaded with sugar and families simply don't realise how much is in them.
"We're not trying to say 'don't eat that', we're trying to present people with information in a way that's easy to understand, so they have a choice.
"Combined with other sugary snacks, drinks and chocolate bars, yoghurts are contributing to an alarming level of tooth decay and obesity in children."
Dr Sandra Davies, Liverpool's director of public health, said: "Tackling sugar in diets is a real priority for us because we know that people simply don't realise how much they are consuming.
"If we are to stand any chance of tackling this ticking time bomb, we must give parents as much information as possible so they can make informed decisions.
"Most people don't have the time to read labels when racing around the supermarket to complete their weekly shop, and so we have to support them to make healthier choices."
Beth Bradshaw, from Food Active, said: "The issue with fruit in a lot of pre-packaged yoghurts is that it has been processed and altered to be almost unrecognisable.
"Yoghurt is such a healthy and delicious food to give children. It should feature in their diet on a daily basis because it's full of calcium, which helps promote healthy bone development and is a really good source of protein.
"The golden rule is to opt for plain yoghurt as a starting point - plain low fat Greek and natural yoghurts are delicious and are much lower in added sugars. Plus you can add in your own tasty fruit flavours just the way your child likes them."
The number of sugar cubes in popular yoghurts, as analysed by Public Health Liverpool
4.9 - Muller corner
4.7 - Aldi Brooklea (own brand)
4.5 - Asda own brand
3.3 - Smarties (Nestle)
2.6 - Ski (Nestle)
2.2 - Lidl Milbona (own brand)
2.1 - Petits Filous (Yoplait)
2 - Munch Bunch (Nestle)
Each cube = 4g of added sugar
What you need to know about caring for your children's teeth
Adlyn Burton, a dental hygienist and therapist, stressed the most important points when caring for children's teeth:
Brush twice a day, preferably with an electric toothbrush with a rotating head
Parents should help children brush their teeth up to the age of seven
Use a toothpaste containing fluoride to protect against cavities
Have a sugar free diet in between meals, including sugar free drinks
They told the M.E.N's Manchester Family : "One of the biggest problems with children's teeth is tooth decay.
"We do have a lot of children that come through who require a lot of extractions or fillings and it's easily preventable at home if you brush your children's teeth properly."
Research from mydentist shows that parents use a range of methods to encourage their kids to brush their teeth.
These range from singing songs, to reward charts and gimmicky toothbrushes. A quarter use the threat of teeth falling out.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mum-of-two Rebecca Bennett has found that watching Colgate's Two Minute Tales while brushing teeth has helped their children Katie, six, and Emma, two.
Colgate has partnered with Claire Freedman, author of the hugely popular Aliens Love Underpants series, to launch the tales.
The short stories can either be read by parents while little ones brush their teeth, or can be watched online via a tablet in the bathroom.
Parents can choose between reading the stories themselves or letting kids listen to them via tablet, phone or desktop, with the aim of turning 'two minutes of teeth brushing into two minutes of fun'.
Rebecca, from Astley, said: "Katie brought home a toothbrush from school with a chart and information on the Two Minute Tales.
"She wanted to clean their teeth immediately and listen to one of the tales. They have always been good at cleaning their teeth at night but in the morning it's a bit of a struggle.
"Now they can't wait to choose which tale they want to hear and start scrubbing away.
"Emma their younger sister loves it too. It's a great idea and definitely a good way to encourage children to clean their teeth."
To find out more about the Colgate tales visit the website .
Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Tyronn Lue is stepping away from their duties. The former NBA player is citing health issues for their leave of absence.
“After many conversations with our doctors and Koby and much thought given to what is best for the team and my health, I need to step back from coaching for the time being and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation from which to coach for the rest of the season,” said Lue in a press statement released today (March 19). “I have had chest pains and other troubling symptoms, compounded by a loss of sleep, throughout the year. Despite a battery of tests, there have been no conclusions as to what the exact issue is.”
Lue added, “While I have tried to work through it, the last thing I want is for it to affect the team. I am going to use this time to focus on a prescribed routine and medication, which has previously been difficult to start in the midst of a season. My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the Championship we are all working towards.”
Reportedly, associate head coach Larry Drew will take over in Lue's absence.
Prayers up to Tyronn Lue and we wish them a speedy recovery.
—
Photo: Getty
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tamworth has welcomed refugee families as part of the Syrian Vulnerable Persons Scheme (VPS).
A total of four families have been placed in the town and are now settling into their new homes.
The arrivals come after "months of work by Staffordshire County Council, district and borough councils, Refugee Action and Spring Housing to ensure the county has everything in place for the arrival of refugees."
This includes providing a safe and secure environment with access to adequate medical provision, suitable housing, and school places, if needed.
Following the successful resettlement of 51 Syrians in Staffordshire in 2016/17, and seven more families earlier this year, the latest arrivals are the final groups to be resettled in the county.
The people coming to the UK from Syria are fleeing a violent civil war that has meant the country's infrastructure, healthcare, education and economy has been virtually destroyed.
Gill Heath, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet member for communities, said: “After successfully resettling refugees in other parts of the county, we have had some great support from Tamworth Borough Council, Refugee Action and Spring Housing, which has enabled us to resettle four families in the borough.
“This programme is about helping those refugees in the greatest need, including people requiring urgent medical treatment, survivors of torture and women and children who are most at risk. As a county, we are doing all that we can to help.
“There have been a great deal of logistical details to sort out prior to their arrival, and we are only taking those we know we can safely and readily accommodate. We hope that these people, who are most at risk and cannot be supported in their own country, are able to rebuild their lives and are able to integrate with local communities in the area.”
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832816","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832816","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832816","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "100","sponso": "off","content": "6832816","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Mass shootings like the one in Las Vegas and last year at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando are pushing organizers of this weekend's Pride Fest in Fort Myers to take extra security measures.
By Tyler Altmeyer
INDIANAPOLIS, IN (June 14, 2017) – An open wheel tradition celebrating 35 years in 2017, Ohio Sprint Speedweek presented by Cometic Gasket will hit center stage beginning Friday evening, June 16, at Attica Raceway Park, igniting an eight-race/nine-day Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions campaign that will stretch to all four corners of The Buckeye State. “America's Series” will visit eight different facilities during the 2017 Ohio Sprint Speedweek schedule, and for the first time in Series history, seven of the eight Ohio Sprint Speedweek presented by Cometic Gasket programs will be broadcast live via internet pay-per-views on www.thecushion.com or www.eldoraspeedway.com.
Returning for a third straight year, Concord, Ohio-based Cometic Gasket, a worldwide supplier of gaskets and engine sealing solutions, will be the official engine gasket of Ohio Sprint Speedweek, as well as the presenting sponsor for the entire eight-race campaign.
“We are proud to associate ourselves with Ohio Sprint Speedweek, as well as the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions,” said Bob Gorman, Founder and CEO of Cometic Gasket. “Cometic is rooted in motorsports and we appreciate being a part of such a long-standing tradition. Dirt track racing is the backbone of all things motorsports, as well as a major market for our organization. We hope to see everyone at the track.”
Ohio Sprint Speedweek presented by Cometic Gasket will ignite on Friday evening, June 16, at Attica Raceway Park in Attica. The annual Speedweek opener will be followed by appearances at Eldora Speedway in Rossburg on Saturday, June 17; Waynesfield Raceway Park in Waynesfield on Sunday, June 18; Wayne County Speedway in Orrville on Monday, June 19; Sharon Speedway in Hartford on Tuesday, June 20; Muskingum County Speedway in Zanesville on Thursday, June 22; Limaland Motorsports Park in Lima on Friday, June 23; and Atomic Speedway in Waverly on Saturday, June 24. The only off-day, scheduled for Wednesday, June 21, will be used as a potential rain date for any of the events contested on June 16-20. Each event will award a $5,000 top prize, as well as full points toward the 2017 Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions title chase.
Similar to 2016, points will be tallied over the course of Ohio Sprint Speedweek with the top-ten finishers in the overall standings sharing a portion of a $3,000 point fund. In addition, multiple win bonuses will also be up for grabs on behalf of Cometic Gasket. Teams that accomplish two or more victories during Ohio Sprint Speedweek will be eligible for a bonus equalling at least $500. Two victories will solidify a $500 bonus, and as the win count increases, the bonus total will also increase. Teams that accomplish at least three victories will be awarded an additional bonus of $3,000. An additional $4,000 will be given to any team that can visit victory lane four times over the duration of Speedweek and if any single team can win five races, a $5,000 bonus will be awarded. The total bonus for any one team winning two events: $500; three events: $3,500, four events: $7,500; five events: $12,500.
As previously mentioned, seven of the eight Ohio Sprint Speedweek events will be broadcast live via online pay-per-views. Complete with hot laps, qualifying time trials, heat races, and respective main events, Ohio Sprint Speedweek programs at Attica Raceway Park, Waynesfield Raceway Park, Wayne County Speedway, Sharon Speedway, Muskingum County Speedway, and Atomic Speedway will each be broadcast via www.thecushion.com. Round two of Ohio Sprint Speedweek at Eldora Speedway will be broadcast via www.eldoraspeedway.com. Fans seeking additional information pertaining to pricing and available pay-per-view packages should visit The Cushion and Eldora Speedway online.
Chad Kemenah, the most recent winner during Arctic Cat All Star competition at 34 Raceways in Burlington, Iowa, will lead the Arctic Cat All Star charge into Ohio Sprint Speedweek presented by Cometic Gasket as not only the defending Series champion, but also as the defending Speedweek champion, earning their second in 2016. Kemenah, who owns three victories on the season, sits on top of the current title chase with an impressive 180-point lead; an advantage equalling over one entire program.
Despite Kemenah's massive advantage, the battle for second through fourth in the Arctic Cat All Star championship remains close with only 50 points separating second year traveler Caleb Armstrong, the “Kunkletown Kid” Ryan Smith, and Findlay, Ohio's Caleb Helms. Arctic Cat All Star Rookie of the Year contender Max Stambaugh, recently earning their second top-ten finish of the 2017 season, rounds-out the top-five in the current Arctic Cat All Star championship standings.
“Sprint car racers and fans alike look forward to Speedweek each and every year. It's grueling. It's long. It takes a lot of sweat, hard work and dedication, but I'm sure the racers wouldn't have it any other way,” Tony Stewart said, owner of the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions. “I want to thank all of the tracks and other organizations for helping us put this together, especially Cometic Gasket. The amount of support Ohio Sprint Speedweek attracts is overwhelming. I'm confident this will be around for another 35 years.”
Those seeking additional news and notes regarding Ohio Sprint Speedweek presented by Cometic Gasket should visit each facility live on the Web. Information pertaining to ticket prices, reserved seat information and support divisions can be found online.
Ohio Sprint Speedweek Presented by Cometic Gasket:
Day Date Tack Gates Hot Laps On The Web Friday 6/16/17 Attica 5:00PM 6:15PM http://www.atticaracewaypark.com/ Saturday 6/17/17 Eldora 4:00PM 6:00PM http://www.eldoraspeedway.com/ Sunday 6/18/17 Waynsfield 5:00PM 6:00PM http://www.waynesfieldmotorsportspark.com/ Monday 6/19/17 Wayne Co. 3:00PM 6:10PM http://www.waynecountyspeedway.com/ Tuesday 6/20/17 Sharon 4:00PM 6:20PM http://www.sharonspeedway.com/ Wednesday 6/21/17 Rain Date Thursday 6/22/17 Muskingum 4:00PM 6:30PM http://www.muskingumcountyspeedway.com/ Friday 6/23/17 Lima 5:00PM 6:30PM http://www.limaland.com/ Saturday 6/24/17 Atomic 4:00PM 6:00PM http://www.atomicspeedway.net/
Ohio Sprint Speedweek Previous Champions:
2016 – Chad Kemenah
2015 – Greg Wilson
2014 – Dale Blaney
2013 – Tim Shaffer
2012 – Stevie Smith
2011 – Tim Shaffer
2010 – David Gravel
2009 – Stevie Smith
2008 – Randy Hannagan
2007 – Shane Stewart
2006 – Dale Blaney
2005 – Kelly Kinser
2004 – Dale Blaney
2003 – Dale Blaney
2002 – Chad Kemenah
2001 – Dean Jacobs
2000 – Kenny Jacobs
1999 – Joey Saldana
1998 – Frankie Kerr
1997 – Joey Saldana
1996 – Frankie Kerr
1995 – Dale Blaney
1994 – Frankie Kerr
1993 – Frankie Kerr
1992 – Kevin Huntley
1991 – Sammy Swindell
1990 – Sammy Swindell
1989 – Dave Blaney
1988 – Jimmy Sills
1987 – Keith Kauffman
1986 – Bobby Allen
1985 – Jack Hewitt
1984 – Steve Kinser
1983 – Bobby Davis, Jr.
Current Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions Standings (June 14, 2017):
1. Chad Kemenah – 2302
2. Caleb Armstrong – 2122
3. Ryan Smith – 2092
4. Caleb Helms – 2072
5. Max Stambaugh – 1900
6. T.J. Michael – 1810
7. Brandon Spithaler – 1687
8. Brandon Matus – 1676
9. John Garvin – 1602
10. Tyler Esh – 1595
About Cometic Gasket:
Cometic Gasket, Inc., is a leading worldwide supplier of gaskets and engine sealing solutions for the Automotive, Powersports, Original Equipment and Remanufactured Engine Industries. Cometic was founded in 1989 and has grown into a global leader and innovator in the highly competitive engine supplier marketplace. Housed in a 70,000 square-foot, state-of-the-art R&D and manufacturing center in Concord, Ohio, Cometic Gasket is family owned and operated, offering over 90,000 SKUs, shipping gaskets and engine sealing solutions across the globe.
Additional Arctic Cat All Star Series Info:
Those seeking additional information regarding the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions should visit its official online home at www.allstarsprint.com. Series updates and breaking news will be posted regularly on the official Twitter account of the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions: https://twitter.com/ASCoC. Find full text results from each and every event, as well as an up-to-date schedule, online at www.allstarsprint.com/schedule/.
About the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions:
All Star Enterprises, LLC, wholly owned by Tony Stewart, d/b/a the Star Circuit of Champions, is a winged sprint car series. The All-Star Circuit of Champions Sprint Car Series is one of the oldest traveling 410 sprint car organizations and is a staple of grassroots, open-wheel racing. Formed in 1970 by Bud Miller, the series has largely been considered the first ‘outlaw' Sprint Car organization of the modern era. After a 10 year stint as owner of the Stars, Miller passed control of the series to Bert Emick in 1980; a reign that would continue through 2002. Guy Webb then purchased the series from Emick in the summer of 2002 and served as the series President for the next 12 years. Motorsports entrepreneur Tony Stewart agreed to terms with Guy Webb to become the sole owner of the original winged sprint car tour in January of 2015.
About Arctic Cat:
The Arctic Cat brand is among the most widely recognized and respected in the recreational vehicle industry. The company designs, engineers, manufactures and markets all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), side-by-sides and snowmobiles, in addition to related parts, garments and accessories under the Arctic Cat® and Motorfist® brand names. Arctic Cat Inc.'s world headquarters is located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. More information about Arctic Cat and its products is available at www.ArcticCat.com.
Ramallah: A school in Hebron and its students have taken centre stage in the Palestinians' fight against the colonies.
Murjanah Abu Hussain, a 15-year-old student in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron, have become the face of the Palestinian struggle against Israel's crippling blockade of Hebron. Murjanah is a student at the Qurtoba Mixed School on Al Shuhada'a Street of the Old Town of Hebron. The school is located near the epicentre of clashes with the Israeli colonists.
Last week, a group of angry Jewish colonists stormed a protest arranged by local and international activists against the Jewish colonies built around the occupied West Bank city. Murjanah, who was taking part in the protest, was violently pushed off a staircase at the site breaking their leg.
But the determined student says they will not be deterred by their injury, and will be going to their school, which is a daily challenge.
“Even with my leg in a cast, I will go to school. This will be a pure act of determination and challenge to the brutal Israeli intensified inspections and checkpoints,” Murjanah told Gulf News.
The students and staff of the school have to walk through three Israeli checkpoints daily to reach their destination on their way to school.
“The school is surrounded by three colony outposts, and most importantly the Beit Midrash outpost, whose residents have pushed for the closure and relocation of the school,” said Noora Nasser, the school's principal. The school's 10 staff members and 160 students are affected by the blockade.
“However, Israel was forced to issue special teacher identity cards to the school's staff to enable them to pass through the checkpoints.”
A detailed list of the school's teachers and a separate list of students are provided annually to the Israeli occupation forces by the Palestinians officials of the Palestinian-Israeli Security Coordination Liaison Office to secure access to the school.
For their safety, they say, teachers and students must pass through the checkpoints (Checkpoint 55, Checkpoint 57 and Tal Al Rumaidah Checkpoint) in groups to reach the school.
“Every day is a major challenge, a true example of the struggle in Hebron,” Nasser told Gulf News.
Activists have decided to continue their campaign “Dismantle the Ghetto — Kick the Colonists Out of Hebron”.
The city of Hebron, south of the West Bank has been divided into two parts H1 and H2, which constitute only 20 per cent of the Hebron district. The population of about 700,000 Palestinians live alongside several hundred Israeli colonists who reside in four colony outposts.
More than 6,000 Palestinians live in neighbourhoods adjacent to those colony outposts and Israelis call those areas as restricted areas.
All streets which lead to colony outposts have been closed to Palestinians and more than 40 per cent of Palestinian residences had been abandoned. Hebron Old Town includes 1,100 shops that have been shut down.
The campaign coincided with the 23rd anniversary of the Hebron Massacre when a Jewish terrorist opened fire in Al Ebrahimi Mosque murdering 29 Palestinian worshippers.
“The campaign will feature many activities locally and internationally, including a major protest at the entrance of Al Shuhada'a Street by the end of the month to request its immediate opening for the Palestinians,” said Younus Erar, a campaign's organiser who also heads the Palestinian Anti-Colonist and Segregation Barrier Committee in Hebron.
“We want the world to see how much the residents of Hebron are suffering.”
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of theirs describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," they say.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; they note that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, they say. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" they say.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," they say. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's the bout many of Birmingham boxing's braintrust have dubbed Mission Impossible – rugged Andrew “D'Animal” Robinson against Mark Heffron, a heavy-handed Northerner looking to stretch their unbeaten record to 20.
In truth, the “many” may be all of them. I've contacted six very prominent players and they all consider Robinson something of a condemned man.
In fact, not one believes they will last the full 10 rounds at Manchester's MEN Arena on June 9, a barnstorming bill topped by Tyson Fury's return.
Such is the magnitude of the task ahead. Battle-hardened Robinson faces a very, very dangerous fighter – a fighter who has stopped all but four opponents – in the other fellow's backyard.
Such is the old-school mentality of 33-year-old Robinson: an intimidating, muscular middleweight who believes to be the best you have to beat the best.
And this week their trainer, former top pro Malcolm Melvin, fanned the flames for a huge upset. Robinson will drag Oldham's Heffron to a dark, painful place he's never been before: a lonely place of blood and bruises. A place Robinson, the IBO continental champ, has been many times – and refused to buckle.
Heffron, a massive talent, is untested in such deep waters.
“He's a good lad and very strong,” acknowledged Melvin, “but, at the end of the day, who has they fought? Andrew has been there, done it and worn the T-shirt.
“I think it will be a good fight and if Andrew keeps cool there's no reason why they don't win this fight.”
Robinson, who's lost three of 25 contests, will also enter the ring without the burden of expectation. Frankly, those I've spoken to haven't given the hardman a prayer.
They won the IBO bauble last time out, but looked well below their marauding best in outpointing Nick Jenman. A similar international belt will be on the line against Heffron, but it's the win, not the silverware, that's all important.
Victory would make Robinson a natural challenger for the British title.
Jenman's limitations at middleweight were exposed in their next contest: the Brighton boxer was overwhelmed by Liam Cameron for the Commonwealth belt.
Some suggested Robinson's title-winning performance provided proof a punishing career had caught up with the steel-tough contender.
D'Animal has done things the hard way. They have never been wrapped in cotton wool and faced the division's iron on their turf. He's also endured the kind of bad breaks that would rob lesser men of their appetite for the unforgiving sport. They should have been declared winner over Essex prospect Lee Markham for the English title. But Markham gained a controversial points decision at Brentwood.
I've watched that fight time and again. The verdict, I believe, was an injustice.
Robinson lost by a razor-thin margin to Sam Sheedy in Rotherham – a decision that outraged the former Birmingham DJ.
After every setback, D'Animal has dusted themselves off and plugged away. Their refusal to be ground down by fight-game politics has been rewarded with a significant pay-day against 26-year-old Heffron.
 They are not there to simply pick up a cheque, Melvin insisted.  They are there to upset the applecart for Heffron and the man who guides him, Frank Warren.
“Andrew's not the best technically, we know that,” said Melvin, “but they make up for it in other areas.
(Image: Alex Livesey/Getty Images)
“We are confident of winning. This contest will answer a lot of questions about Mark Heffron. We've had five weeks' notice for this one, but Andrew's never really out of shape.
“It's decent money and, frankly, we've been blessed to get five weeks' notice. With someone as dangerous as Andrew, it's usually two weeks to 10 days.
“Mark Heffron's career has been stop-start (he turned pro in 2010). A lot of their fights have been very early, so they haven't got that experience of a hard fight and Andrew will give them difficult times. Andrew has been there and done it.
“Heffron's up and coming and highly thought of, but they could endure moments when he's punished and hurt. I don't think he's had that. We've looked at different things, but to win, Andrew has to be Andrew.”
The cold reality is a Robinson win would be the stuff Rocky movie scripts are made of, but Melvin has a point.
There's only one real name on Heffron's record. Lewis Taylor, outpointed by our own Tommy Langford for the Commonwealth crown, was demolished last November.
Taylor's a respectable operator at domestic level, but no world beater.
“Has Heffron been proved at any level?” asked Melvin. “He's a good lad and very strong, but, at the end of the day, who has they fought?
“He is up against the country's most stubborn fighter, who will be there in the 10th round still throwing punches. We'll see what Mark Heffron has in the locker. They haven't faced anyone like Andrew.
“Listen, it's a good fight for us. Everyone has Heffron a huge favourite, I don't understand why we're the underdog. Nothing has fazed Andrew and he's looking good. There is no pressure on Andrew.
“I admire Andrew as a man and a fighter. He's a tough man who has never had it easy. All the big fights have come on the road. Andrew beat Markham, but they gave it Markham.”
I've now watched that fight for the sixth time – and again made Robinson a two-round winner. On the road, that's not enough.
“Andrew's excited by this fight,” said Melvin, “he's taking it in their stride.
“That's why I respect them so much. Some fighters want it all their own way, Andrew is willing to go on the road. No dramas, no big fuss, they just gets on with it.
“He does what the other fighters don't do. They fight the fighters others don't want to – and they do it in their backyard.
“For me, there's not a scary element in this fight. If Heffron can't get you out of there, they struggle. And if they come out guns blazing, it could suit us.”
Heffron, a man with blisteringly fast hands and a sleeping draught in either fist, is seen as one of the next big things.
But Melvin is correct about the calibre of opposition faced. Heffron's last outing was against Adam Grabiec, who had won only five of 26 contests. Their record is littered with fighters who have lost more than they've won.
For him, Robinson is the acid test.
One very well respected Birmingham fight figure warned there will be no fairytale ending to Robinson's daring bid for glory.
“Andrew's there to be hit,” they said. “He'll be taking punches on their chin, not theirs gloves.
“Because he's so tough, I don't think it will be quick, it could be a beating.”
Andrew “D'Animal” Robinson, tougher than boot leather, brave to the very bone, is set to again enter the lion's den.
And there are plenty who believe this time he's the one who'll be mauled.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County fans have reacted with delight to today's Rams XI to face Brentford.
Manager Gary Rowett has made three changes to the side that drew with Millwall on Tuesday night. In comes Marcus Olsson, Ikechi Anya and Cameron Jerome - making their first start for the Rams.
They replace Craig Forsyth, Andreas Weimann and David Nugent. Forsyth and Nugent are on the bench but Weimann is not included in the match-day XI following the birth of their daughter.
It seems that Rams fans are happy with the changes.
George - @George_DCFC on Twitter - said: "Happy with that team. Come on then Anya you've got your chance now."
Dan Green added: "In the space of five days, Anya has gone from outsider to starter...hopefully they add match-winner to that too."
Here is what supporters have been saying on social media:
Image copyright Police Scotland
Edinburgh's transport convener has vowed to make the city's streets safe a year after a cyclist was killed after their wheel got stuck in tram tracks.
Zhi Min Soh, 23, was hit by a minibus on Princes Street, at its junction with Lothian Road on Wednesday 31 May 2017.
The Edinburgh University medical student, from Malaysia, was regarded as "a bright star for the future".
"Our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of Zhi Min Soh," convener Lesley Macinnes said.
"We are absolutely determined to make Edinburgh's streets as safe and user-friendly as they can be for everyone who walks, cycles, takes a bus, tram or drives along them and our ambitious new Central Edinburgh Transformation project seeks to make the city centre safer and more welcoming for pedestrians and cyclists in particular."
They explained that two phases of changes have already been implemented, including "red-surfaced cycle lanes offering the safest route across tram tracks".
"We recently completed a positively received public consultation on phase 3, including measures like early release signals for bikes," Ms Macinnes added.
"Active travel provision has also emerged as a very strong theme in our ongoing trams to Newhaven public engagement and we're looking forward to developing proposals in a series of stakeholder workshops to look at the designs in the coming weeks."
Floyd Mayweather defeats Conor McGregor in the "Money Fight" at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on Aug. 26, 2017. (Sam Morris/Las Vegas News Bureau)
As fans waited to get inside T-Mobile Arena for Game 5 of the Vegas Golden Knights' series against the San Jose Sharks, some were discussing whether or not the game was the biggest sporting event in the valley's history.
As fans waited to get inside T-Mobile Arena for Game 5 of the Vegas Golden Knights' series against the San Jose Sharks, some were discussing whether or not the game was the biggest sporting event in the valley's history.
"The Biggest night? Yeah, so far. Every night that we've played here has been a big night," one fan said.
But what are some of the other major sporting landmarks that call the valley home?
For decades, all eyes were on athletes in the boxing ring. Las Vegas hosted some legendary bouts: Hearns vs. Hagler in 1985, Tyson vs. Holyfield in 1996, and then the rematch in 1997, where Mike Tyson bit Evander Holyfield's ear.
The two most-watched boxing matches happened in the valley too, when Floyd Mayweather Jr. defended their belt against Manny Pacquiao, and then taking on Conor McGregor.
Outside the ropes, there have been some iconic moments on the hardwood too.
In 1984, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar set the NBA all-time scoring record during a game at the Thomas & Mack Center. The arena was in the NBA spotlight again in 2007, when it hosted the NBA All-Star Game.
For a historic home team, look to the 1989-1990 Runnin' Rebels. UNLV's men's basketball team went undefeated at the Thomas & Mack on their way to a national championship (which did not take place in Las Vegas).
With the Golden Knights' victory Friday, the team assured fans that Vegas would see its another big moment this May.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jaap Stam has revealed Reading were attracted by Leandro Bacuna's mentality after signing the utility player from Aston Villa.
Bacuna completed their move to the Madejski Stadium yesterday, agreeing a four-year contract with the Royals.
They bring to an end a four-year spell at Villa for Bacuna, who was signed by Paul Lambert in the summer of 2013.
Reading boss Stam admitted they had been tracking the 25-year-old former Groningen player for a while.
“Leandro is a player that we have been following for a while – they have played Premier League football and brings quality to us," said Stam.
"He is the type of player who can play in several positions in the team – in midfield, at the back, or even sometimes as a winger.
"He is a player with the right mentality and who wants to go forward; these are the types of players that we want to have.”
(Image: Leandrobacuna07 (Instagram))
Here's what other leading figures at Reading said about Bacuna
Sporting Director Brian Tevreden:
“We are delighted to bring another quality addition into Jaap's side. Leandro is a footballer who has already played a great deal of football at a high level, but we believe that they have the capacity to develop even further and improving with us at Reading – and hopefully to be part of a successful Royals team.”
Chief executive Ron Gourlay:
“It gives us great pleasure to secure Leandro's signature and to welcome them to their new home at Madejski Stadium.
"He is a player whose qualities we believe can improve the team and we have worked hard to bring them here, and now that the deal is over the line we are all looking forward to seeing Leandro in the blue and white hoops.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Enclosed bark caused the demise of this Clarks Green tree. Noah Macey mows by a fallen Norway spruce in Clarks Green.
To some residents of the Abingtons, it may seem our trees are under attack from a supernatural force.
In early April, I helped a friend cut up five large spruce trees blown over at their property in North Abington Township.
Two weeks ago, as a community, we lost dozens of mature trees in the first strong thunderstorm of the season.
And, anyone in the entire northeast corner of North America is seeing the progressive destructive march of the emerald ash borer, an accidental immigrant from Asia with an exclusive taste for ash trees.
To some tree owners who have been affected, the hit to their checking accounts has them wondering if they would be better off without trees. To the other extreme, some people are feeling the loss almost as if the tree were a family member. These long-term homeowners may have planted that tree decades ago, and after nurturing its life and having it nurture their lives, now with the house emptied of most of its humans, that tree had been a living connection to a precious past.
All trees can be turned into lumber, and in this way (unique among other creatures), fallen trees can live on. Some people make furniture grade lumber from pieces of wood as small as firewood.
Many years ago, I used my chainsaw mill and made picture frames from a fallen Norway spruce in Waverly. My wife took pictures of an apple tree on the property from the different seasons of the year, put the pictures in the frame, and gave it to the family as a special gift.
Recently, a reader asked my opinion on the health of their ash tree. Sadly, I had to inform them that soon the tree will have to come down. But I remembered that their husband mills their fallen trees, so I was able to explain with a smile that the tree is now ready for the workshop.
One advantage of salvaging wood from sentimental trees is portability. Some friends of ours love their trees on both sides of the U.S.-Canada border. (If you think Canadians are just friendly Americans, you haven't violated some rule at the border). They managed to escape a threatening border incident when they moved salvaged lumber from their Clarks Summit home to their adult son's home in Canada. So their special tree is now an internationally illegal, but nonetheless special table top. They did not learn their lesson, however, and for their daughter's wedding in the U.S., they decorated with sentimental birch poles smuggled from their cottage in Canada.
These are the reasons why, in spite of my wife's constant search for more and better firewood, a beautifully long and straight ash log lies near its stump on our property awaiting not the maul but the mill.
JOSHUA ARP IS AN ISA-CERTIFIED MUNICIPAL SPECIALIST, CLARKS SUMMIT'S MUNICIPAL ARBORIST AND AN OPERATOR OF AN ORGANIC LAWN AND LANDSCAPE MAINTENANCE BUSINESS. REACH HIM AT
JOSARHUAP@AOL.COM.
/ Front page / News
IT is imperative to stay alert and keep a close watch over our exclusive economic zone (EEZ), says Minister for Fisheries Semi Koroilavesau.
They said monitoring our territorial waters was imperative to not only monitor illegal fishing, but also other activities including the trafficking of drugs and weapons.
"We need to plan for the future and secure our expansion in fisheries, especially our source of raw materials for canning and value adding as a lot of our people are employed in this sector," they said.
"Fiji works closely with Forum Fisheries Agency (FFA) and Pacific Community (SPC) to monitor and assist Pacific by maritime surveillance aircraft from our neighbours," they said.
"We also have our observers onboard that licensed fishing vessels and these vessels also carry monitoring equipment onboard."
Mr Koroilavesau said Fiji had licensed 60 offshore fishing vessels mainly for tuna and other migratory species.
"Our total allowable catch (TAC) is 12,000 metric tonnes per year and we have not surpassed that figure," they said.
"We have been quite strict by standard of all Pacific countries."
On the other hand, they said there was also a concern for blue boats which fish illegally around the Pacific, but they have not reached as far as Fiji yet.
They added Fiji's EEZ and monitoring control and surveillance (MCS) are carried out in a partnership with government agencies, regional and subregional organisations that assist in our standing agreements.
But the Mavericks' recent hot streak has taken Dallas from strong odds for a top-three pick to the middle of the pack in the lottery odds ( you can get a full break down on the latest lottery odds here ). With Ball considered by most as a surefire top-three pick, the dreams of the UCLA Bruin wearing Mavericks' green and blue seemed like a long shot.
The object of many Mavericks fans' lottery dreams has been UCLA point guard Lonzo Ball. Well, he's been the object of many fan bases' dreams because their flashy, fast-paced style is practically basketball porn.
Well, not so fast, says one NBA talent evaluator.
Sports Illustrated's Jeremy Woo released their second NBA draft big board on Tuesday. And while they make clear that the board is simply their list of the top players available in the draft and not a prediction as the order that the players will be drafted, Woo has Ball listed as their eighth-best prospect in the 2017 draft. Coincidentally (or perhaps it's fate?), the Mavericks would draft eighth if the season ended today.
Woo believes that while Ball is a special playmaker with the rock in their hand, the first-year student's struggles to create their own shot could hurt their draft stock.
"His ability to make the killer pass will obviously translate, and although their jumper is unorthodox, it's repeatable and works for him. The big question is how many elite point guards are there in today's NBA who can't consistently create their own shot?" Woo wrote. "Ball will be reliant on their change of pace and benefit from the bigger NBA court, but it's unclear how he'll find consistent ways to score in the half-court, whether driving to the rim or from mid-range."
It's still a long shot because many scouts love Ball's potential. But hope springs eternal, Mavericks fans.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe starts on the bench as Wolves take on Sheffield United at Molineux today.
The 24-year-old signed on loan from Bournemouth on transfer deadline day but will have to watch on from the sidelines as Nuno Espirito Santo sticks with the same team that win last week at Ipswich.
It means that Diogo Jota, Ivan Cavaleiro and Helder Costa start up top with Alfred N'Diaye keeping their place in midfield.
Wolves have a very attack-minded bench with Leo Bonatini and Bright Enobakhare joining Afobe in the squad.
However, there is no place for Rafa Mir.
CONFIRMED LINE-UP:
Ruddy, Boly, Coady, Bennett, Doherty, Neves, N'Diaye, Douglas, Jota, Cavaleiro, Costa. Subs: Norris, Batth, Hause, Bonatini, Enobakhare, Afobe.
Sheffield United beat Wolves at Bramall Lane earlier in the season and Nuno is well aware of their qualities.
But they insist the last meeting between the two teams will have no relevance on today's outcome.
“We don't base the game on the last game we had together,” they said.
“We look at Sheffield United as a good team, a team that is tough and plays a system of 3-5-2.
“We have to be ready for it, but it has nothing to do with the last game, everybody knows what happened but it was a long time ago, change has happened on both teams.
“What we really want and will have is a Molineux supporting the team and we want to give back what we could not achieve in the last game.”
Tears of joy
Benik Afobe admits they cried with happiness when they were told that, with just twenty minutes remaining of the transfer window, their move back to Wolves was back on.
Many a Wanderers fan would have woken up to the news that Afobe had arrived back at Molineux, such was the lateness of the loan agreement.
Having left the old gold club two years ago for Bournemouth, the striker was finally given the green light by Eddie Howe to return for the remainder of the season.
The drama of deadline day provided plenty of worriment for Afobe, who revealed that they actually shed tears of relief when given the nod.
Wolves vs Sheffield United: TV details, team news, predicted XIs, boss thoughts, betting odds
“I was on, then off, then on, then off, then on again with 20 minutes to go, so it was stressful,” they told BBC WM.
“I've had two serious career-threatening injuries in football before, but that six hours was probably the most difficult of my life because that's how much I wanted to come back to Wolves.
“I think I've played one 90 minutes this season in the Premier League, so it's been tough for me mentally but I've got good people around me and for me to have come back here it meant a lot.
“I was in my car crying when they told me the deal was on with 20 minutes to go because I knew there was no going back now in the sense of them cancelling or the deal not being on again.”
No deal
Wolverhampton Wanderers chose to pull the plug on negotiations regarding a deal for Felix Beijmo, it is being reported in Sweden.
The full-back, who turned on deadline day itself, plays for Djurgardens in the top tier of Swedish football and attracted interest from Germany in the transfer window, too.
They played 26 times in the Swedish Allsvenskan season last year, scoring twice.
Beijmo cost Djurgardens Just under £450,000 last season when they snapped them up from second tier champions Brommapojkarna and is considered to be one of the brightest emerging talents in their position in Sweden.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wanderers, who brought in Ben Stevenson, Benik Afobe and Rafa Mir to strengthen their forward line significantly in January, also confirmed the permanent capture of Diogo Jota from Atletico Madrid.
They also trimmed their squad, with Ben Marshall and Lee Evans leaving on loan.
In the current right-back role that Beijmo occupies, Nuno Espirito Santo has regular Matt Doherty while Dominic Iorfa remains out on loan at Ipswich.
But reports in Sweden suggest that they came close to agreeing a move for Beijmo, only to decide against the transfer late in the window.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
OTTAWA — Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett held back tears as they announced an agreement in principle with survivors of the '60s Scoop.
The agreement provides up to $750 million in compensation for individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
It also includes an investment of up to $50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation.
Bennett called the 60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history.
Between the 1960s and 1980s, Indigenous children were removed from their homes by child welfare agencies and placed in the care of non-Indigenous families.
The deal is aimed at resolving numerous related lawsuits, most notable among them a successful class action in Ontario.
The Canadian Press
BRUSSELS — The European Union Commission and most of the major parliamentary groups are making a final push to approve a landmark trade deal with Canada ahead of a decisive vote in the EU's legislature.
At the same time, hundreds of protesters were already outside the parliament building in Strasbourg, France, arguing that instead of growth and jobs, the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement or CETA, will bring an erosion of environmental, labour and consumer standards.
Ahead of the noon vote, EU trade Chief Cecilia Malmstrom tried to assuage concerns that the deal uniting some 500 million Europeans with 35 million Canadians would cut into the independence of EU decision-making.
They said it "will not change food safety standards or any other EU requirements, only the EU institutions can do that."
The vote comes a day before Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is scheduled to arrive in Europe to push the merits of free trade in the face of increasingly hostile, populist opposition.
Trudeau is to deliver a pro-trade message in an address to the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France on Thursday — a first for a Canadian leader — and to top business leaders a day later in Germany.
Ratification of CETA by the European Parliament will pave the way for 90 per cent of it to come into force once Canada's Parliament follows suit in the coming months.
— with files from The Associated Press
The Associated Press
Subscribe to Noozhawk's A.M. Report, our free e-Bulletin sent out every day at 4:15 a.m. with Noozhawk's top stories, hand-picked by the editors.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A busy Birmingham shopping centre has been evacuated this morning.
Everyone was told to leave the Gracechurch Shopping Centre in Sutton Coldfield shortly after 9am this morning, February 15, with people asked to leave the shops and car park.
Several people contacted our sister title, the Sutton Coldfield Observer .
Aimee Louise said on Facebook: “Does anyone know what's happening in sutton town centre?? Apparently all shops & offices have been evacuated.”
While Luke Ward Tweeted: “Reassuring to know that the multi storey in Sutton Coldfield is being evacuated as we park up.”
A spokesperson for the Gracechurch Centre said: “We carried out a planned evacuation of the centre this morning. The exercise was a routine fire drill carried out as part of the centre's health and safety procedures.”
West Midlands Fire Service said: “We were contacted around 9am but as we were told in advance that this was a scheduled fire alarm test we did not attend the incident.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
World Cup legend Gordon Banks has taken to Twitter to deny claims they are dead.
Reports began circulating this week that the iconic goalkeeper had passed away.
Social media reports claimed the 1966 legend had died aged 76, from cancer.
But the rumours were quickly refuted - and family have moved to clarify it was nothing but a nasty hoax.
Remarkably, fans started to pay tribute to Banks earlier this week, with one even writing: "RIP Gordon Banks. Another legend gone. #RIP"
But in a series of tweets from their official Twitter account, the story has been branded as a "nasty" hoax and that they are alive and well at home.
A tweet from the Gordon Banks OBE Twitter feed read: "GORDON IS VERY MUCH ALIVE AND WELL. THE STORY ON THE INTERNET IS A HOAX. They Are ALIVE AND WELL."
In another tweet from the account, former England strikers Wayne Rooney and Gary Lineker were encouraged to spread the word.
Gary Neville, David Seaman and current skipper Harry Kane also received similar messages.
Regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time, the IFFHS named Banks the second-best goalkeeper of the 20th century.
They were named FWA Footballer of the Year in 1972, and was named FIFA Goalkeeper of the Year on six occasions.
They began their career at Chesterfield in 1953, before moving to Leicester City and eventually Stoke City.
They made one of the game's great saves to prevent a Pelé goal in the 1970 World Cup, but was absent due to illness as England were beaten by West Germany at the quarter-final stage.
They briefly entered management with Telford United, but left the game after they were sacked in December 1980.
Perhaps there are bigger fans of The Beatles than me. But I guarantee there exists no bigger devotee than grand master “Beatleologist” Scott Freiman. The bespectacled and multi-talented musician, producer and composer serves as our erudite guide for the four-disc set deconstructing the beatles, taking us along on a “Magical History Tour” of a quartet of the group's most important and influential albums.
From Rubber Soul, the 1966 LP that marked the beginning of a completely different approach to creating popular music, to the straight ahead and earthy rock roots of 1968's The White Album, Freiman covers the oft-familiar (Revolver was the last studio album the band backed with a live concert tour) to the offbeat (“flushing out” background vocals for the Sergeant Pepper song “Lovely Rita” included John, Paul and George blowing through a comb and toilet paper). And throughout this fantastic journey their unparalleled treasure trove of Beatles bits and pieces consistently both inform and entertain.
I recently had the distinct honor of interviewing Freiman about their sensational series. I began by asking them when they realized they were in love with the music of the greatest rock group the world will ever know.
I was a classically-trained pianist, and my parents only listened to Broadway and Sinatra. Other than The Partridge Family, I didn't know any rock and roll music. When I was 11, my hippie uncle leant me their copies of Sgt. Pepper, Magical Mystery Tour and The White Album. And just like hearing “Heartbreak Hotel” changed George Harrison's life, my life was forever changed.
As an accomplished musician yourself, what do you believe is the most technically and creatively complex song the Beatles ever recorded?
There are many ways to answer this question. I would say that “Strawberry Fields Forever”, “A Day In The Life” and “I Am The Walrus” are the most creative productions that involved the whole band, as well as George Martin and Geoff Emerick. Probably should include “Tomorrow Never Knows”. Best orchestral arrangements – “Within You, Without You”, “Eleanor Rigby”, “Yesterday” and Abbey Road. But, there are so many other great examples of The Beatles' outstanding compositional skills and performances and the production/engineering talents of Martin and Emerick (and Norman Smith before him).
Pure speculation, of course, but have you ever imagined what the Beatles would have done together had their career lasted even another five years? What do you feel the band may have been doing?
I may be in a minority, but I happen to think that there are many gems scattered through the individual Beatles' solo output, as well as some great albums. Many of these tracks could have landed on Beatles albums, albeit in different arrangements. Unfortunately, the Beatles were no longer collaborating by the time they broke up. I would have liked to see them take time off to do solo albums and then reconvene from time to time to record as a group. Alas, we'll never know.
Who is your favorite Beatle and why him?
Another tough question. I like John for their humor and their willingness to buck convention in life and in their songwriting. I like Paul for their gift of melody, their experimentation, and their bass playing. I like George for their mysticism, their wit, and their guitar solos. And I like Ringo for their drumming, their voice, and their good nature.
I know you say in the series that you have never personally met a Beatle, but have you ever corresponded with one of them in any manner?
I have not. I believe that the two surviving Beatles know what I'm doing, and I daydream about Paul or Ringo sneaking into a theatre incognito to see one of my films.
You've indicated that the band's glorious final studio album, Abbey Road, is next on your list of “deconstructions”. When do you anticipate that production will be available? I can't wait!
Three films come out in 2018: Deconstructing the Birth of the Beatles, Deconstructing the 1963 Beatles and Deconstructing Magical Mystery Tour. Abbey Road and Let It Be are slated for 2019 or 2020.
deconstructing the beatles is now available to buy in the 4-DVD set and streaming each album individually by going to Scott Freiman's web site at deconstructingthebeatles.com and then clicking on the “DVD/STREAMING” link at the top of the page.
Tonight is the series finale of The Americans, with the big episode starting at 10 p.m. ET/PT and 9 p.m. CT. Recently, actor Keri Russell, who stars in the drama, told Entertainment Weekly their thoughts on the finale. In short, Russell said, “It just feels right. I loved it. I hope you guys like it!” The show airs on the FX network, but not all fans have cable. If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch FX live on your computer, phone or streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services:
Hulu With Live TV: If you want an extensive Netflix-like on-demand streaming library in addition to live TV, Hulu now also offers a bundle of live channels, including FX. You can sign up for “Hulu with Live TV” right here, and you can then watch a live stream of FX on your computer via the Hulu website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Hulu app.
DirecTV Now: FX is included in all four channel packages. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch FX live on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app.
FuboTV: FX is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch FX live on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app.
The Americans has had a six season run and coming up to the end of the series, creator Joe Weisberg admitted to Ad Week that, “The truth is, it really is a lot of pressure … In these cable dramas, the story ends in the last episode. It's the ending, and it's enormously important. You've got to end it right, there's no question about it.” Co-showrunner Joel Fields then added that, “What's so great about ‘sticking the landing'? I get it if you're on a plane, sure. But if you're doing a piece of drama, isn't it more interesting if we cartwheel and then explode?”
When it comes to Weisberg's goals for the show's ending, they said that there are two: “One, that it really makes people feel a lot. And two, that it feels of a piece with the show. Honestly, it's asking a lot to think that everybody is going to explode with, ‘Oh, that was the greatest.' If it's getting a lot of people in the heart and they realize that this is consistent with the show, I'd be pretty happy with that.” Weisberg also revealed, “It is an iteration of the ending we've been planning for a long time. That ending has had iterations over the years, but it's been the same ending. The means of getting there has changed.”
The official FX synopsis of tonight's grand finale reads, “The Jennings face a choice that will change their lives forever.” Ironically, the episode that ends it all is called START.
Two small banks — Bank of the Ozarks and BancorpSouth — have recently announced plans to ditch their holding companies, but more could be around the corner, according to Tom Michaud, CEO of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. A big reason why is that regulators haven't gone far enough in "harmonizing their approach" to oversight, they said at KBW's community banking conference last week.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
CASTINE — Firefighting in Downeast Maine isn't what it used to be. Now that many adults in the area work in larger cities such as Ellsworth or Bangor, it's harder for small rural fire departments to find volunteers to respond to emergencies at a moment's notice.
Due to Maine's aging population, it's also more difficult for small departments to find young volunteers to take up the physically demanding tasks of the trade.
The Castine Fire Rescue Department, however, has no such problems. Thanks to the students of Maine Maritime Academy (MMA), the department is almost always fully staffed with a troop of young men and women who are ready, willing and able to respond to the town's emergencies.
“There are not many departments that field a dozen 20-year-olds,” said Assistant Chief Jack Spratt, an MMA graduate and former student firefighter himself. “It's a workforce.”
Once students sign up for the department, the station quickly becomes a second home.
“It's really a home away from the school,” said Kyle Fallon, a 21-year-old marine systems engineering student from South Berwick, who is also a lieutenant at the Fire Department.
“I'll come down here, do homework, hang out with the other firefighters,” they said. “And if the Castine Fire Rescue Department gets a call, we'll put a truck on the road in a minute just because of students being down here.”
Firefighting is in Fallon's blood. Their father was also a student at MMA and the first student officer on the Fire Department. Both father and son served under Fire Chief Randy Stearns.
“These gentlemen are very well trained and well-qualified,” Stearns said, specifically about their two student officers, Fallon and Corey McCoy. As such, they frequently are in charge of the department's response to an emergency.
“I have confidence that these gentlemen can handle a scene or a situation and I could be in Bucksport, Bangor or somewhere else,” Stearns said. “Their skills of leadership have been well-demonstrated over the years. That's why they're in that position.”
Of course, training for emergencies and staying up late on a call can eat into a student's schedule, but Fallon said most of the professors at MMA are very understanding.
“I'm thankful to have professors who allow me to come down and make up any work I may have missed,” said the EMT, who sometimes gets called out of class to respond to a medical call.
As a member of the academy's regiment of midshipmen, Fallon is also supposed to show up for muster at 7 a.m. every day. Luckily, they and their fellow firefighters get an exception after a late call.
“If we're out past midnight we can send an email to our company commander and it's excused,” said the senior. “It's a great perk because the last thing you want to do is be staying at a car accident at 1 a.m. and be thinking, ‘Oh, I've got to get up in six hours.'”
The Fire Department is also an authorized work study site, where students can pay off some of their tuition as they work there.
One of the challenges the senior staff face is making sure the volunteers focus on their studies first.
“We have to make sure we don't involve the students to the point where their studies suffer,” Spratt said. “We're happy to have them, but at the end of the day they're here to get a college education.”
For some students though, the demands of firefighting actually enhance their studies.
“If I wasn't doing this, school would just be so much more miserable,” said McCoy, a 22-year-old marine engineering operations student from Pittsburgh, who is also an officer at the Fire Department.
“You always are up to 11 or midnight doing homework, but to be down here is too much fun.”
The department also allows student firefighters to connect with the town in a way that many other students don't.
“I have a friend who's not in the Fire Department and he'll see me waving to people and he'll ask, ‘How do you know all those people?'” Fallon said.
“And I'll say, ‘Oh, he's a firefighter, he's friends with this guy and so on.' The students that don't leave campus and don't talk with the people in town are missing out.”
“There are kids that will go home every weekend, and they'll say this place is so boring.” McCoy added. “I'll ask, ‘What are you involved in?' and they'll say, ‘Just school.' If you're down here on the Fire Department there's stuff to do every weekend.”
By volunteering with the Fire Department, students also connect with a widespread network of MMA alumni.
“I've got two of our former firefighters who work for me at sea now,” Spratt said. “You're able to vouch for them, like ‘Yeah, these guys have got super level heads, I've seen them deal with car accidents and emergency situations.'”
The MMA students play such an important role that their presence is sorely missed when they're away during the summer.
“Boy do we miss them over the summer months,” said Stearns, who has lived in Castine for most of their life. “They're townies. That's how I look at it.”
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Outgoing boss Gianfranco Zola says the reaction from the Blues fans during and after the loss to Burton had no bearing on their decision to quit the club.
Zola announced he'd be leaving shortly after the damaging defeat to the Brewers, and fronted up to the media despite having no obligation to do so.
The fans vented their anger throughout the second half, and the final whistle was met with boos aplenty.
But that didn't cross the Italian's mind as they decided on their future.
“No. They did it last week at Rotherham but I have no blame for the supporters,” Zola insisted.
“They have been there supporting the club and supporting us but the position is not secure.
“They are frustrated and I can understand their feelings The last thing I want to be is not helpful so I have nothing against them.
“Certainly I can understand their chanting and that they want me out and maybe there have been some bad words from some fans that have been harsh.
“Yes, I know there have been mistakes but we worked very hard for this club and gave it everything we had.”
Zola also denied that there was no pressure from upstairs to leave.
If anything, they were grateful for the backing they received during their spell.
“Let's be honest, they have supported me until now and the results haven't been good,” they added.
“Considering the expectations that they were, I don't blame them.
“Actually I have a fantastic relationship with them and they have my respect.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alan Pardew's tactical nous came in for more criticism after their side suffered a seventh successive league loss.
This time from Jay Rodriguez's dad Kiko.
Rodriguez Snr was left baffled by Pardew's decision to remove Jonny Evans and replace them with Matt Phillips after Jay had put the Baggies in front at Bournemouth.
The Cherries two goals came after that switch.
“Is it me,” they tweeted.
“1.0 up take a defender of put a winger on.
“1.1 need to go for the win so you take off a centre forward and replace with a centre forward.
Surely you would go for it.
“Saying that 2.1 down.”
But what Kiko was not privy to be the fact the Evans change was enforced on Pardew.
The Northern Irishman, who sipped on energy drink pouches during the second half, was withdrawn because they simply didn't have the stamina to continue after they're missing the Leicester game last week through illness.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
RATINGS
West Bromwich Albion's persistent failings came back to haunt them at Bournemouth as the Baggies fell to an eighth straight defeat.
Jay Rodriguez put Albion in front shortly after half-time but, not for the first time, Albion could not see out the lead.
Jordan Ibe equalised before Junior Staislas stole the points with an 89th minute free-kick.
Matt Phillips had an injury time header cleared off the line as Bournemouth held on to condemn Albion to a seventh league loss on the spin.
There was far more spirit than in the capitulation to Leicester but the outcome was the same.
It's only a matter of time before West Brom drop, with ten points now distancing them from safety with only seven games left.
ALBION (5-3-2)
FOSTER 5.5
Will be desperately disappointed with Ibe's goal. Capped an unusually poor display from Foster who's kicking, from off the deck and out of hand, was awry.
HEGAZI 6.5
Delivered a decent cross for Rondon first half. Escaped a penalty scare first half.
GIBBS 7.5
Neat and tidy as usual. Defended well against Ibe. Played a big part in Rodriguez's goal and nearly set up an injury time equaliser.
DAWSON 6
Stuck their head in front of any number of crosses after the goal gave Albion something to hold on to. But Bournemouth's winner came frona free-kick they cheaply conceded.
EVANS 6.5
Thankfully their foul on Stanislas at the end of the first half was not punished with a goal.
NYOM 6.5
Tried to edge forward from wing-back on a few occasions. Nearly found Rondon with an early cross.
LIVERMORE 7.5
Won a number of interceptions early on. Strangely booked after a hefty coming together with Smith when it was the Albion man fouled.
YACOB 7
Hardly a shrinking violet on their first start in six weeks. Motivated and instructed their team-mates at every break in play. Vehemently contested every decision. Made a vital block from Stanislas. Big impact.
BRUNT 6.5
Did a decent job at tracking back to snuff out Ibe's threat for most of the match.
RODRIGUEZ 7
Finished their goal with great composure. Three goals in their last two visits to the Vitality.
RONDON 7
Got above Ake to set up Rodriguez's strike. Reward, perhaps, for another energetic outing.
SUBSTITUTES:
PHILLIPS (for Evans, 76) 6
Unlucky to see an injury time header cleared off the line.
FIELD (for Brunt, 82) 6
Tried to knit play together to keep Albion on the ball.
ROBSON-KANU (for Rodriguez, 86) 6
Thankfully picked themselves up after a sicking clash of heads with Ake.
Subs not used: Myhill, Field, Burke, Krychowiak, McClean.
OPPOSITION
Bournemouth (4-4-2): Begovic, Cook, Francis (Daniels, 16), Ibe, Ake, Cook, Stanislas, Gosling, Smith (Mousset, 57), Wilson (Defoe, 73), King.
Subs: Boruc, Fraser, Surman, Pugh.
GOALS
BOURNEMOUTH: Ibe (77) Stanislas (89)
ALBION: Rodriguez (49)
THE REF: G. Scott (Oxfordshire)
NEXT UP: Burnley (h) Saturday, March 31, 3pm.
Fabrizio Ravanelli has sensationally thrown their hat into the ring for the vacant Dundee FC managerial position.
The Italian star has expressed their interest in returning to Dens Park following Paul Hartley's sacking.
The former Juventus star, 48, insists they “can save the club from relegation”.
Ravanelli, who had a brief stint managing French side AC Ajaccio in 2013, told the Sun: “I believe I can keep Dundee in the Premiership and I am very interested in this job.
“I could definitely get results and get the best out of the Dundee players.
“I am ready to get a flight to Scotland very quickly. It is an exciting opportunity and I would love to go back.
“I am looking for a new project in management and this would be the perfect fresh start for me.
“I would bring energy, enthusiasm and motivation to the club.
“Dundee are in danger but there are five games to play and I am 100 per cent confident that the team can survive.”
Despite Ravanelli's interest in the position, the Dens Park board have cast their net a little closer to home. John Nelms has reportedly stipulated the need for an experienced Scottish gaffer in the interim.
The former Italian international scored a played five games for the Dark Blues during the 2003-04 season, scoring a hat-trick against Clyde in the League Cup.
However, they were released after the club's meltdown into administration.
For more on this and the latest from Dens Park, pick up a copy of tonight's Evening Telegraph.
A group of bunnies walks through the mental facility before being rescued (FOX5).
Earlier this year, more than a dozen bunnies were found dead at the dumpsite, sparking volunteers to catch and remove the ones that survived as quickly as possible.
But once volunteers caught the rabbits, they ran into a different problem: what to do with them next. Volunteers moved the rabbits out and have been working on finding them better homes.
“This is little Flower,” volunteer Tina Dawn said. “Each individual one is loved. How can you not?”
At Heaven Can Wait animal clinic, dozens of rabbits were resting to get ready for their next big journey.
“Some are adopted here locally or we put them on the ‘bunder-ground' railroad,” Dawn said. “It's a transport system set up to bring rabbits from Vegas, all across the country. So we've sent them out to Canada, New Hampshire, St. Louis.”
All of the rabbits came from the state mental health facility, where activists discovered hundreds of them running rampant.
“A female rabbit can have six to 14 babies every 30 days,” Dawn said. “Three hundred rabbits is a lot of rabbits. They all need care, they all need food, they all need love.”
“Right now, we're just trying to keep them safe, get them fixed, that's priority,” Dawn said.
But they said it takes a lot of time and money to find each one a good home.
That starts with make sure each one is fixed.
“It's extremely important,” veterinarian Dr. Nicole Smee said. “That's what led to this problem in the first place: people decided they didn't want their animals. They put them outside. They kept breeding and breeding and breeding.”
With the breeding under control, volunteers said this is progress, they haven't seen in a long time.
“For the first time, you can drive through and not see rabbits on every corner,” Dr. Smee said. “But we know our work is still not done.”
Volunteers said the problem goes beyond this facility. There are still hundreds of rabbits in the Vegas Valley that need good homes.
If you'd like to help, you can visit: https://www.vegasbunnyrescue.org/
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Federal Government has begun plans to shut down the National Economic Reconstruction Fund (NERFUND) over non-performance and non performing loans of over N17.5billion.
A source at the Federal Ministry of Finance, told newsmen yesterday in Abuja that a committee had already been formed to ensure smooth liquidation of the company by the end of October.
The source said that the committee was expected to come up with recommendations concerning the welfare of the NERFUND workers and also what to do with the office equipments.
The committee was also expected to recommend an agency that would handle the numerous pending court cases initiated by NERFUND to recover billions of naira in bad loans.
According to the news source, about 1, 143 projects in the Small and Medium Enterprises sector were financed with the NERFUND loans between 2010 and 2013.
The source said that NERFUND currently had problems recovering the loans, adding that out of N17.5billion, the sum of N14.2billion representing 80 per cent was borrowed by a few people.
They said the ratio of non-performing loans was high because many of the loans were not collateralised.
Meanwhile, a staff of the NERFUND, who preferred anonymity told newsmen that all workers of the oraganisation have been officially informed about the wind up.
“We have been given the choice to either resign or be sacked. The managing director told us the management is working with the Permanent Secretary of the Federal Ministry of Finance.
“They have promised that at the end of the day, we will not be jobless. They will place us somewhere else, so we are expectant,” the person said.
NERFUND was established by Decree No. 2 of 1989 to act as a catalyst towards the stimulation of the rapid rise of real production enterprises in the country with a seed capital of N300million.
In 2002, the Federal Government merged Nigeria Industrial Development Bank (NIDB) and Nigeria Bank of Commerce and Industry (NBCI) to form Bank of Industry (BOI).
The Federal Government excluded NERFUND from the fusion of all development finance institutions (DFIs).
However, the agency's capital had grown into billions of naira, but due to poor management, the organisation had been in comatose since late 2013, losing its capacity to carry out its mandate.
In June 2016, the staff of NERFUND took to the streets to protest the mismanagement of the agency's funds.
The Federal Government through the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun intervened by first shutting down the agency following failure to reconcile the differences between the executive management and the entire staff so as to forestall a further breakdown of law and order.
Two weeks after the shutdown, Adeosun officially instructed staff to return to work and appointed Dr Ezekiel Oseni in August of the same year to act as Managing Director.
An infant bodysuit has been recalled nationwide due to the snaps detaching from the garment.
Alstyle infant bodysuits were sold at wholesale and screen printers nationwide and online at www.alstyle.com from August 2015 to September 2017. The onesie was sold in white, black blue, and pink.
The bodysuit was recalled after one report of snaps detaching from the bodysuit. No injuries have been reported.
Consumers are advised to stop using the bodysuit and contact Alstyle for instructions on returning the recalled bodysuit.
Alstyle toll-free at 877-562-1499 from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or online at www.alstyle.com and click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information.
University of Chicago Booth School of Business alumna Amy Wallman, MBA'75, and alumnus Richard Wallman, MBA'74, have made a $75 million gift to the University, building upon their legacy of philanthropic support of students and faculty.
In recognition of this gift, Chicago Booth will name its academic high honors distinction after the Wallmans. This group of top students will be known as the Amy and Richard F. Wallman Scholars at Chicago Booth. The designation will be permanently bestowed upon graduating from MBA students who earn high honors at Booth, as well as all alumni who have already achieved this distinction.
“The University of Chicago Booth School of Business is a destination for the world's most promising business students and scholars,” said President Robert J. Zimmer. “We are deeply grateful for the Wallmans' gift, which will support our students and honor their accomplishments.”
The school plans to use the gift to support a number of initiatives, including scholarships for students in the full-time, evening, weekend and executive MBA programs. This will allow Booth to recruit from a broader and more diverse set of students and offer expanded financial assistance.
“We have great affection for the University of Chicago—the Booth School of Business is world-class, and we hope our gift makes it even better,” Amy Wallman said. “The Booth School is very special to us, not only because we met there,” Richard Wallman added, “but also because we have sponsored 26 scholarship recipients over the years and are delighted to have had a modest impact on these students' lives.”
After earning their MBA from Chicago Booth in 1975, Amy Wallman began their career at EY and retired as an audit partner in 2001; most recently, they were director at Omnicare from 2004 to 2015. Richard Wallman graduated from Booth in 1974 and began their career with the Ford Motor Company. They served as the chief financial officer and senior vice president of Honeywell International Inc., a diversified industrial technology and manufacturing company, and its predecessor AlliedSignal, from 1995 to 2003. Richard Wallman also served in senior financial positions with IBM and Chrysler Corporation.
“The transformative gift from Amy and Richard is a testament to their generosity and the endorsement of Chicago Booth's enduring strengths, in our programs and our extraordinary faculty,” said Booth Dean Madhav Rajan. “Maintaining and extending Booth's prominence in research and enhancing the impact of our ideas on the world by training tomorrow's leaders is essential for our continued success. The Wallman Scholars will be recognized as preeminent in this cadre of future leaders, modeling the potential and the spirit of their benefactors. I look forward to working with the Wallmans in using their gift to make the greatest impact.”
“The transformative gift from Amy and Richard is a testament to their generosity and the endorsement of Chicago Booth's enduring strengths, in our programs and our extraordinary faculty.” Madhav Rajan, dean of Chicago Booth
Funds from the gift also will be used to enhance Booth's co-curricular programming, faculty research and emerging priorities at the discretion of the dean.
“Amy and I were so impressed with Dean Rajan's vision for the school; we hope our gift will help advance that vision,” said Richard Wallman.
“This is a unique opportunity to make a difference in the careers of Chicago Booth students for generations to come and express our gratitude to those who have helped us,” Amy Wallman said. “Our parents were great role models to both of us; they gave us the confidence that we could accomplish anything.”
Richard Wallman also gave credit to Larry Bossidy, former chairperson and CEO of Honeywell International Inc.
“Working for Larry Bossidy is the best thing that happened in my career—he's affected my life in so many positive ways,” Richard Wallman added. “We also wish to express our deep appreciation to our dear friends at Centerbridge Partners and Merrill Lynch, as they were key enablers of this gift.”
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is a pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former England midfielder Frank Lampard is Derby County's new manager.
The 39-year-old ex-Chelsea and Manchester City player has signed a three-year deal.
They will speak to the media at a press conference this afternoon.
Lampard is the Rams' sixth manager in the last three years - seven if you count Chris Powell's two games in charge - and they replace Gary Rowett, who left last week to take over at Stoke City.
Lampard had been odds-on favourite for almost a week to fill the Derby hot seat.
Their odds were 1/20 with bookmakers Sky Bet after they confirmed during BT Sport's coverage of the Champions' League final on Saturday night that they had spoken to Derby about the job.
They told Gary Lineker: "There's been interest from Derby and I've been speaking with them.
"I'm ambitious and I want to become a manager at some point. It's a really big club, with a big tradition and a big history, which I really like.
"We'll carry on speaking when I go home, and we'll see."
Lampard was spotted at the League Two play-off final between Coventry City and Exeter City at Wembley yesterday.
Sky Sports turned the camera on Lampard as they sat in the stands and the commentator covering the game said: "We're hearing their ticket here was requested by Derby County."
Lampard made more than 600 appearances in the Premier League and won the title on three occasions.
They also won the Champions League, the Europa League, four FA Cups and two League Cups but they have had no previous managerial experience.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An A-level student due to sit an important exam worked through the night helping the residents of Grenfell Tower - and returned after completing their test.
Rory Walsh, 18, had woken in the early hours when flames tore through the block of flats overlooking their house.
Despite an English language and literature exam looming for their A-levels in the morning, they still joined the relief effort.
Working at the Maxilla social club, they helped co-ordinate the mass of donations arriving and helped now-homeless families find shelter.
Then, at 8am, they made the journey to Richmond College, west London, for their exam.
"I was here from two until eight," they told the Press Association.
"And then my exam was at Twickenham so I had to journey over there - I got there a little late - and sit it.
"I got extra time but I didn't use it, I just came straight back to help out.
"I wasn't going to go to the exam this morning but I thought I might as well and now we have just been running back and forth with shopping trolleys full of donations."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" following the Grenfell Tower fire, saying that if any lessons are to be learned they will be, and "action will be taken".
Twelve people were killed and many more were feared dead after flames tore through the block of flats in west London in the early hours of Wednesday.
Hundreds of firefighters tackled the blaze, rescuing 65 people, but more than 70 have been left in hospital, with 18 in critical care.
Mrs May paid tribute to the efforts of the emergency services and said support should be given to the hundreds affected by the fire.
Speaking from Downing Street they said: "There are people tonight who have no home to go to, they have lost absolutely everything, so our focus must be on support to them.
"In due course, when the scene is secure, when it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Last fall we had a search mission for a 65-year-old who was looking at spending their second night out without shelter, food or water. They had planned an aggressive 10-mile loop hike starting at the Lake Evelyn trailhead which summited Bills and Byers Peaks, but had gotten off route after summiting Bills Peak. When they finally called 911 the next day they were dehydrated, hallucinating and disoriented. For more than 24 hours they had been "bushwhacking" in the Byers Peak Wilderness.
They had a guidebook map, but no compass. Part of the route was off trail, along a ridge. They really had no idea where they had been, or how far they had traveled, before they found their way to the summit of Byers Peak and hiked north down the old Byers Peak Trail. They were unable to find the trail that would bring them back to their vehicle. One of their comments was that they had hoped for better signage along the trail.
One of the "Ten Essentials" that every backcountry traveler should have with them is a map and compass. The ability to actually understand how use a map and compass for land navigation is critical. Why carry a tool if you don't know how it works?
In a previous article I discussed various types of maps available, large scale versus small scale maps and where to get free topographic maps. Bottom line is that in order for a map to be useful it has to be at a large enough scale to provide good detail and it has to be "topographic."
"The distinctive characteristic of a topographic map is that the shape of the Earth's surface is shown by contour lines. Contours are imaginary lines that join points of equal elevation on the surface of the land above or below mean sea level. Contours make it possible to measure the height of mountains, depths of the ocean bottom, and steepness of slopes."
Contour lines are those squiggly lines that are all over the map. By understanding what contour lines represent you can visualize land forms like peaks, valleys, ridges and cliffs.
Recommended Stories For You
Since each line represents a certain elevation, they can never cross each other. Well, almost never – visualize an overhanging cliff. Depending on the scale of the map the elevation difference between adjacent lines, the "contour interval", will vary. A smaller contour interval means more elevation detail. Typical contour intervals, which are noted in the map legend, are 20, 40, 50 and 100 feet. Metric contour maps are also available.
Some of the contour lines are thicker or darker than others. These are "index contours" and are spaced at five contour line intervals. If the contour interval is 50 feet, each index contour represents 250 feet in elevation. Index contours are marked with the elevation they represent.
One way to visualize terrain with a topographic map is to understand that the closer the contour lines are to each other, the steeper the terrain. A 500 foot vertical cliff would have ten 50 foot contours stacked up on the map. On "Fraser Flats" along US 40 between Fraser and Tabernash, there is about one half mile between 40 foot contours. With some practice in the field you can get a good feel for how steep terrain is and how you might plan a route by using your map.
Two of the most important mapping considerations when planning a hike in the mountains are distance and elevation gain or loss. Most experienced hikers have a good idea of how fast they hike, and that speed is obviously different for uphill and downhill. With a topographic map it is very easy to determine the distance between two points and also determine the change in elevation. Based on your personal knowledge you can then estimate the time it will take to complete the route.
Average numbers in mountainous terrain might be two miles per hour or 1000 feet in elevation gain per hour. In a mountain rescue application, we could use these numbers to calculate, on a map, how far a missing subject may have traveled in a particular direction since they were last seen.
Contour lines are only a part of the data set available on topographic maps. Information about natural and human-made features, grid lines for determining location and declination information for determining compass bearings are also important for land navigation.
With a bit of study and practice you can become proficient with your map and compass. Then you will have a tool that will make you a more proficient mountaineer and maybe even save your butt some dark night.
ILOILO City – Ukay-ukay stalls at Jaro Plaza have been demolished.
Acting Mayor Jose Espinosa III ordered the city government's Task Force on Anti-Squatting and Illegal Structures (TF Asis) to tear down the stalls a day after discovering that these were illegally tapping electricity from the city government's power lines.
“We conducted an emergency meeting para tudloan leksyon ang mga tawo nga naga-defy sang what is correct and what is legal,” said Espinosa yesterday.
There would be an investigation to unmask a certain “Ricky” to whom the ukay-ukay operators were paying for their electricity consumption at Jaro Plaza, they added.
Late afternoon on Thursday, Espinosa conducted an ocular inspection at Jaro Plaza.
“Ma-case buildup kita. I have instructed the city administrator nga tan-awon kon…basta ma-comply naton ang mga requirements…bal-an mo kon may kaso na there must be affidavits,” said Espinosa.
The Iloilo City Association of Community Elders (ICACE), Inc. that sought permission from city hall to use Jaro Plaza for their activities relative to the Elderly Filipino Week did not oppose the demolition of ukay-ukay stalls. Its president, Dr. Ronnie Fernandez, was among those who attended yesterday morning's emergency meeting that Espinosa called.
“Waay ‘ta mahimo kon amo na ang gusto ‘ya…kay damo gid sang nagareklamo siempre,” Fernandez told reporters after the meeting.
They confirmed that as part of their observance of the Elderly Filipino Week, ICACE was raising funds through rentals from ukay-ukay stalls.
Espinosa, however, said, ukay-ukay was not contemplated in the permit issued to ICACE for the use of Jaro Plaza.
Fernandez said they thought their permit covered ukay-ukay because their Sept. 4, 2017 letter to the city government seeking permission to utilize portions of Jaro Plaza for the Elderly Filipino Week stated that ICACE planned to hold an RTW (ready-to-wear) trade and bazaar.
According to the ICACE president, they were charging P2,000 per stall, not P4,000 as claimed by some traders at the plaza.
“Basi kon ang iban nga traders, for example, makuha duha, tatlo ukon lima ka pwesto, tapos ibaligya ‘ya man ‘ya sa iban nga traders,” theorized Fernandez.
He, however, distanced ICACE from the stalls' illegal electricity connections. They said the stall operators were directly dealing with a certain “Ricky” who was not in any way connected with their association.
Fernandez denied ICACE was making Jaro Plaza a milking cow.
“Naglain gid ya buot ko sa mga media…ang naapektuhan indi lang ako kundi ang mga makaluluoy senior citizens nga naga-expect bulig halin sa amon association,” they said.
Their fund-raising, stressed Fernandez, intended to purchase wheelchairs, walking canes and eyeglasses, among others, for poor elderly members.
“Ang na-indian ko lang ang hambal sang mga media, kapin pa ang mga anchors nga mga loko-loko, indi sia magsiling nga nagapangwarta kami. Waay pa gani kapang-usisa kon anhon ang kwarta na ‘da,” said Fernandez.
In their letter to the Office of the City Mayor, ICACE sought permission to utilize from Sept. 28 to Oct. 31 the right portion at the back of Jaro Plaza's covered gym, the area facing the canteen of persons with disabilities, right side of Jaro Plaza fronting the building of the Association of Barangay Councils, and Veterans Memorial Shrine for a garden show and trade fair.
“We will also include pottery, wood crafts, garden ornaments, locally-made home and kitchen accessories and RTWs and bazaar,” the letter further stated.
Part of the permit issued to ICACE read: “We have acknowledged and has no objections to your request to use the back of Jaro Plaza to hold a garden show and trade fair on Sept. 28 to 31.”
The permit was from the Community Environment and Natural Resources Office.
Republic Act 10555, the Iloilo City Tourism and Heritage Law authored by Cong. Jerry Treñas, classifies Jaro Plaza a cultural heritage zone.
On Thursday, Espinosa said unscrupulous persons or groups may be taking advantage of the legitimate activities of senior citizens to make money at Jaro Plaza.
According to the acting mayor, they were told that among the activities of ICACE at Jaro Plaza was the selling of plants and pots “kag kon ano-ano da pero indi ukay-ukay.”
“Pero subong ang nagwa to ukay-ukay…daw indi man na ‘ya pwede,” Espinosa told Panay News. “Gintiniran ko gid to kag ginpangita ang mga senior citizens…ti daw waay. Daw gin usar lang ang ngalan or activity sang senior citizens. Indi na ‘ya pwede.”
Early this week, Councilor Joshua Alim warned against the closure of Jaro and Mandurriao district plazas for income-generating activities.
“Ang mga plaza himuon naman nila bulogasan. Plazas are beyond the commerce of man,” stressed Alim, citing the Local Government Code which prohibits the closure of public plazas except for some occasions but that the closure must not be more than three days.
The Elderly Filipino Week is observed every first week of October by virtue of Proclamation No. 470 signed on Sept. 26, 1994 by then President Fidel Ramos.
According to the latest data from the Philippine Statistics Authority, there are more than 3.4 million Filipinos aged 60 years and above as of the 2010 census./PN
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New coach service Zeelo is offering Wolverhampton Wanderers and Aston Villa fans a simple and quick ride to all home games at Molineux and Villa Park for the 17/18 season.
Zeelo uses data to pop up coach routes that aim to cut travel times by 30% and keep fares low. All services are run on executive coaches with WiFi, air-con and a guaranteed seat.
Zeelo is now offering routes from Stafford, Cannock, Cheslyn Hay, Worcester, Kiddeminster and Stourbridge for Wolves fans. While for Villa fans; Redditch, Solihull and Tamworth will be available.
Cale Pissarra, Head of Business Development at Zeelo, said: "With traditional transport methods often expensive and inefficient, both sets of fans will have to get long, indirect trains and buses or drive and pay expensive car park charges at all of the matches.
"We want to make travel to games as quick and painless as possible so fans have more time to enjoy the match and not worry about parking and queues'.
Villa and Wolves fans living in the surrounding areas will be able to purchase tickets on an ad hoc basis to games this season starting at £7 return.
Sam Ryan, Co-Founder of Zeelo, says that "as a football fan myself, I've been frustrated by the need to either drive or make several changes on public transport when travelling to match days and our service fixes that."
They continue: "We've worked with fans and used our data to locate the best pickup points in the areas that will reach the most fans. We're delighted to be offering this service and we can't wait to welcome people on board".
Zeelo has previously taken Wolves and Villa fans to EFL games this season. They also transport thousands of Tottenham fans to Wembley every game and run services for fans across the country including Man City, Bradford, Huddersfield and Reading.
The company has also recently announced an investment round of $450k from investors including Jaguar Land Rover's seed program, InMotion and the former CEO of Addison Lee.
More information and tickets for the games they can be purchased online on www.zeelo.co/villa and www.zeelo.co/wolves
Categories:
Tags:
MYRTLEFORD is planning to join the Country Basketball League for next season.
A men's and women's team will be the first from Myrtleford to play against the region's best basketballers.
The addition of Myrtleford to the CBL's North East competition will take the total number of teams to nine.
Brendan Cusack said with a strong domestic competition and some gifted juniors Myrtleford has the talent to fit right in.
“Myrtleford for such a small town has some amazing basketball talent and a CBL team would create even more excitement for the game,” they said.
“When you look at all the good junior basketball players here there is the potential for Myrtleford to field some really strong teams down the track.
“There's a very good group of boys that have a season or two left in junior rep and then even kids that are playing in Wangaratta and Shepparton.”
Stephen Vogt plays Hamilton ‘Ham' Porter in the Milwaukee Brewers' reenactment of an iconic scene from ‘The Sandlot.' Twitter
How Theresa May called for a snap election in June 2017
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Lee and Whitney 'dirty dance' for Children in Need
Watch the the Chancellor announce the Budget 2017
Young boy took Cannabis which led to their miraculo
Scientists uncover the mystery of why shoelaces c
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Loose Women has been cancelled - hours after Theresa May announced a shock General Election.
May has called an early general election for June 8 in an announcement which has stunned Westminster.
The Prime Minister had repeatedly denied that they would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020.
But following a Cabinet meeting at Downing Street they said they would go to the country this year.
Following the statement on Downing Street, ITV was forced to cut This Morning short.
The broadcaster diverted to the news instead, before Loose Women followed suit after lunch.
The official Twitter page posted: “Due to @Number10gov making the general election announcement today, Loose Women will NOT be on air as @itvnews brings you all the latest.
“We'll be back on air tomorrow lunchtime as usual! #GeneralElection.
“Due to the general election announcement, today's guests – @MeganOMullally & @jimmyconstable – will appear on the show at a later date.”
Fans were devastated by the news.
One angry fan took to Twitter to fume: "What about the audience!? #loosewomen."
While another added: "Great so #thismorning taken off air now #LooseWomen..how many times can we be told there's going to be an election ..."
And one wrote: "First #ThisMorning...and looks like #LooseWomen too. Too far Theresa, too far!!"
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves star Conor Coady hopes that the Wolves success will carry on for years to come.
The defender has been at the heart of the Molineux revival this season and has adapted to their new sweeper role in impressive fashion.
The club is looking forward to welcoming Sheffield Wednesday at the weekend, knowing that post match they will be holding aloft the Championship trophy.
Coady hopes that this is just the start of the success at the club as they look forward to next season in the top-flight.
"We're in a lovely position and I always enjoy playing football but you've always got that pressure on your shoulders that you've got to go out and perform.
“We've got to where we wanted to be, so we can go and enjoy it now.
“We're looking forward to next season - we're enjoying the moment that we're in now because it's no mean feat getting promoted from the Championship with it being such a tough division,” Coady continued.
“To do it the way we have, is excellent! I always had belief in this club that it was going to move forward. There's a great infrastructure in place now from top to bottom.
“Hopefully that continues for many years, we've got some fantastic players, we've got a fantastic manager who plays the right way and wants to do it the right way and I'm hoping that it will go on for many years at this football club.”
Triple dip
Wolves fans have been left frustrated by Sunderland's refusal to increase their ticket allocation for the final game of the season.
Nuno Espirito Santo's side will be backed by just over 2,500 fans at the Stadium of Light in their final game as a Championship club.
Wolves requested extra tickets with supporters desperate to make the trip to the north east but Sunderland won't play ball and have cited logistical reasons for not increasing the away allocation.
Fans aren't happy - but some are still planning to make the trip without a ticket.
Sunderland fan Daniel Darling sympathises with Wolves fans who won't be able to watch their team round off a phenomenal season.
They tweeted: “Don't understand why we won't give @Wolves more tickets. It's not like we are going to sell 1-5k tickets up in the gods anyways!”
Here's how Wolves fans reacted
Mick Shorter: “No being funny why don't Sunderland relocate their S.T. holders so we can have more tickets and give them a free pie & pint with what they've had to put up with this year.”
Scott H: “You are a huge let down to everyone, I feel for @SunderlandAFC fans. Useless football club.”
Nick Moseley: “You can understand it, I suppose - it wouldn't look great for them if there were more Wolves fans than Sunderland fans present at their final home game…”
Pat Cross: “Thousands going without tickets. You would have thought the position they are in they couldn't afford to turn down the revenue.”
Ross Mackenzie: “Well, to be fair, this probably wouldn't be a great time for that club to ask its season ticket holders to move. They're probably quite grumpy as it is.”
SouthbankResistance: “I hope Sunderland triple dip to League Two.”
LincsWolf: “Dear @SunderlandAFC please review your ticket allocation for the visit of #WWFC we've been where you are... twice!!! Now look how far we've come. Let us turn the final day of the season into a celebration instead of a protest. Please give us more tickets.”
Wolves linked with Inter Milan striker Andrea Pinamonti - here's all you need to know
More Wolves news
Wolverhampton Wanderers are reportedly one of five clubs in the UK to have been credited with an interest in Sardar Azmoun this summer - who has been dubbed the ‘Iranian Messi', writes Joe Chapman.
Azmoun, who plays for Rubin Kazan in Russia, has scored four goals at domestic level this season.
The 23-year-old has a much more impressive strike rate at international level, though - form that led to their asupervisorstioned nickname.
Azmoun has 23 goals from their 31 caps for Iran, making them the nation's fifth highest scorer at all time, and it's helped Iran reach the World Cup this summer in the country where they play.
They can play as a centre forward, or behind the striker.
Wolves aren't alone in their supposed interest, though; the Sunday People claim that Everton, Celtic, Leicester and Fulham are all interested in Azmoun too.
Wanderers are expected to be active in the market this summer; a number of loanees need their futures resolving and the squad will require additions ahead of an assault on the Premier League, after promotion was confirmed.
The wait is finally over as Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli are officially a couple as the duo tied the knot in Italy and kept the entire ceremony hush hush.
Also, their wedding boasted of high security and not everyone were allowed inside the plush countryside due to massively security beef up
Film/Text: Nitro Circus
Nitro Circus ringleader and action sports icon Travis Pastrana added another incredible world's first to their resume Thursday as they successfully landed the first barge-to-barge motorcycle backflip. Pastrana battled high winds and rough waters as they flew between the two vessels floating on the legendary River Thames in London, UK, the iconic O2 rising in the background.
“Landing such a massive trick like this is incredible. Then to do it in such an awesome location, in such an iconic city, makes it even more special,” said Pastrana. “The conditions were definitely a challenge. With the waves and especially the strong winds you get variables beyond your control and that's where things can really go wrong. But, pushing the limits and achieving world firsts is what Nitro Circus is all about.”
Already 120-feet away from solid ground, Pastrana had only 36 feet to come to a stop before sliding into the Thames. Fighting winds gusting up to 20 miles per hour, Pastrana risked flying off course and missing the 27-feet wide landing barge entirely. Going in, the danger level was already high. Mike Metzger crashed hard during their 2006 attempt, fracturing their L-4 vertebra. While fortunately Metzger made a full recovery, the trick was never attempted again, until now.
Why does Travis Pastrana, a global icon who already has achieved numerous world's firsts and earned more competition trophies than they can count, continue to put everything on the line? The answer is simple: for him, like everyone in the Nitro Circus crew, progression is everything. “Living means taking risks,” Pastrana explained. “If you have a goal you want to reach or something you want to achieve, first you have to be willing to push it, get outside of your comfort zone and then totally send it “
Nitro Circus' world-class athletes showcase that same mettle and determination at show after show worldwide. Pastrana flew out to London for this epic attempt shortly after Nitro Circus wrapped up its 2017 North American tour. The four-month trek included massive shows like Travis' huge Annapolis homecoming party in front of over 22,000 fans as well as blockbuster stops at Seattle's Safeco Field and San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium. Now the action sports juggernaut is gearing up for dates in Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia and South Africa. 2018 will feature two all-new tours, first Australia's Next Level Tour, celebrating the game-changing progression pioneered at Travis' Pastranaland compound, then Europe's You Got This Tour, which will kick out the jams with simply the greatest, craziest, funniest show in Nitro Circus history.
Sponsors of this historic achievement include '47, exclusive headwear and apparel partner for Nitro Circus and its athletes, Kevlar, Yokohama and Hyper Bicycles. Ripley's Believe It or Not! is also proud to be a sponsor of Travis Pastrana's world's first event with Nitro Circus. Pastrana's feat will be featured in next year's Ripley's Believe It or Not! Annual, a collection of extraordinary stories, mind-boggling facts and breathtaking photography. A signed copy of Ripley's Believe It or Not! Shatter Your Senses! — this year's edition is on sale now—can be won at ripleys.com/nitro.
For more Nitro Circus news, exclusive behind-the-scenes content and tickets, go to http://www.nitrocircus.com and follow Nitro Circus on Instagram and Facebook.
K. Michelle is never one to bite their tongue — especially when it comes to someone trying to bite them swag.
Over the weekend , the singer was in petty mode after Kylie Jenner debuted their new hairstyle that people are calling “highlighter” hair at a Coachella party. The only problem with Kylie's new bright green locks is that K. rocked the neon hairdo last month while partying in Atlanta. While the Internet praised Kylie's hair, K. Michelle felt like it was time to let the world know who the real culture vulture is.
#KMichelle likes their hair better than #KylieJenner's! #Socialites, who rocked the #HighlighterHair look better? A post shared by HOLLYWOOD UNLOCKED (@hollywoodunlocked) on Apr 15, 2017 at 9:57pm PDT
The new Jack Daniel's Country Cocktail spokesperson shared a side-by-side photo of them and Jenner rocking the neon hair, with the caption,“I like mine better, mine looks magical like I ride unicorns.” When someone defended Kylie in the comments, K. clapped back, “If you don't take your fan loving of untalented people a** on.”
#Socialites who do you think wore it better? #Cassie or #KylieJenner A post shared by HOLLYWOOD UNLOCKED (@hollywoodunlocked) on Apr 14, 2017 at 7:04pm PDT
Despite all the shade being thrown, the beef maybe pointless either way, seeing as though Cassie was the first to wear the “highlighter” hair trend before.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Great British Bake Off champion Nadiya Hussain will show off their presenting skills in a new TV effort that could prove to be a competitor to the baking show.
BBC Two's The Big Family Cooking Showdown, which starts tonight, sees Hussain taking a step back from the oven as they and co-host Zoe Ball watch 16 families from across the UK battle it out in the kitchen.
The competitors will be judged by TV cook Rosemary Shrager and Michelin star chef Giorgio Locatelli.
Two families, each represented by three members, will face off in the kitchen over three rounds in the hunt to find Britain's best family of cooks.
Hussain, who won the Bake Off in 2015, previously said that The Big Family Cooking Showdown is about the dynamics of each family as much as it is about the food.
They said: "And it's not one person cooking, so it falls on everybody to have a role in the group and that's really interesting to watch because it's no different to most family homes when you're all in the kitchen together.
"These are family members: you can see sometimes there is tension and sometimes they work really well together - but when you cook together you cook very differently."
The new cookery show is thought to have been commissioned by the broadcaster to rival the Bake Off, which moved from BBC One to Channel 4 and is set to air soon.
The Big Family Cooking Showdown starts at 8pm on August 15 on BBC Two.
One man is dead and another is injured after they were shot in an attempted robbery in Ozone Park on Monday morning, police say.
The death marks the first shooting homicide in New York of 2017.
Police said the shooting happened on 124th Street in Queens around 3.20 a.m. Monday, when the two victims were approached on the street.
One of the men was shot in the chest and died, police said. They were 31 years old. The other man was shot in the back and is in a stable condition at Jamaica Hospital.
Police are searching for two men who fled the scene in a dark-colored vehicle.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. – Emma Talley loves Shoal Creek.
The 2013 U.S. Women's Amateur champ and 2015 NCAA individual champ is a club member who calls this lush valley in the southern foothills of the Appalachian Mountains “heaven on earth.”
They have never seen it like this, however, as a potentially hellish slog for the 156 women teeing it up in Thursday's start of the U.S. Women's Open.
“It's hard to watch Mother Nature just tear it apart a bit,” Talley said.
Wracked by Subtropical Storm Alberto's passing as a tropical depression early Tuesday morning, with 4.7 inches of rain dumped on the course in the last three days, Shoal Creek isn't the peaceful respite Talley knows it as, not this week.
It's an anxious boiling pot of emotions for the players trying to prepare to win the most important championship in women's golf.
This might be as unprepared as players have ever felt for a U.S. Women's Open, with the rain closing the course for a day and half.
Karine Icher did not expect to play a single hole before Thursday's start after their Wednesday afternoon practice round was canceled with morning rain pushing back tee times.
“It's unfair,” Icher said.
Like a number of players here, Icher wished the USGA would have set up nine-hole practice rounds on Wednesday, so every player would have gotten access to the course.
Frustration is part of every U.S. Women's Open week, but rarely have anxieties mounted so palpably before the first tee shots were even struck.
“Some people are definitely stressed out,” said Danielle Kang, the two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champ and 2017 KPMG Women's PGA champion.
Angela Stanford arrived this week off a hellish run of weather-marred LPGA events. They played in the Volunteers of America Texas Classic shortened to 36 holes, the Kingsmill Championship shortened to 54 holes and the Volvik Championship halted Saturday by lightning issues.
“I was on the bad end of everything,” Stanford said.
There's player frustration here over what the USGA plans to do with the course so waterlogged and with mud balls potentially a large issue.
In 123 years of staging championships, the USGA has never implemented lift, clean and place. There's a massive contingent of players insistent the governing body should break with tradition and allow them to play with preferred lies.
“There's going to be mud on every ball,” 2007 U.S. Women's Open champion Cristie Kerr said. “It's not fair. Tropical storms aren't part of the game.”
John Bodenhamer, the USGA's senior director of championships and governance, was asked Wednesday afternoon if a decision was made on whether to play the ball up for the first time in a championship.
They gave the same answer they gave Tuesday.
“It remains our intention to play 72 holes and to play the ball as it lies,” Bodenhamer said.
Barring another overnight deluge, the championship is on track to begin as scheduled Thursday at 6:40 a.m. CT.
The uncertainty of whether the USGA will require the ball to be played down added to frustrations over Wednesday's practice rounds.
Stanford was among players who saw their afternoon practice round canceled.
“If they play it down, I don't want anyone out on this course right now,” Stanford said with practice rounds under way. “If they are going to make us play the ball as it lies, and have crap lies, why are they letting players chew up the golf course right now? If we are going to have us play it down tomorrow, why not save the golf course and prepare it as well as you can?”
Stanford is preparing themselves to deal with whatever challenge is offered Thursday, but she's among a legion of players asking hard but legitimate questions about how to best measure a champion.
“There is a lot of emotion around this,” Bodenhamer said. “Any time you get challenging weather conditions, and you get lies that aren't as pristine as maybe sometimes we have, you have that emotion. We get that. We understand that.”
Jodi Ewart Shadoff said nobody likes the situation all the rain has created.
“It's slightly frustrating, but you have to tell yourself everyone is in the same boat,” Shadoff said. “Nobody's probably as prepared as they want to be.
“I think attitude is everything this week.”
The frustrations haven't just been among players.
Shoal Creek's membership and volunteers have devoted themselves to presenting the course at its best. The Jack Nicklaus design is a gem, with the beauty and the straight forward challenge getting rave reviews. It's what Mother Nature has done to the course that frustrates members. The bare, thin grass in some fairways, the brown dried patches around some greens, present challenges that weren't meant to be there.
Still, there's unwavering commitment from members to present a challenging test.
Matthew Dent, chairperson of Shoal Creek's U.S. Women's Open committee, was out on the course with the club president, Mike Thompson, after Alberto passed on Tuesday. They and other committee members were out picking up debris with the maintenance staff.
“It's all hands on deck,' Deck said. “It speaks to the spirit of this club.”
Deck praised the club's superintendent, Rex Davis, for gathering extra generators from other clubs in the region Tuesday night, to get the SubAir System under their greens working in full force. They were running during Wednesday's practice rounds.
“The greens are amazing,” Azahara Munoz said.
Shoal Creek is at its best playing firm and fast, with its undulating greens, with its the runoffs into collection areas, making it a supreme second-shot test.
It's highly unlikely we'll see the test Shoal Creek members see most weeks, with the course playing as it was meant to be played. Add that to the frustrations built before a shot is struck.
“I would say it's the softest U.S. Open course I've played,” said Karrie Webb, the two-time U.S. Women's Open champion. “I'm really disappointed for Shoal Creek, because it's a fantastic golf course, such a wonderful layout, very simplistic in many ways, but very challenging.”
That doesn't mean the week won't be packed with drama and outstanding shot making and a great finish. That would be more than salve for the frustrations that have built here. An unforgettable finish that trumps the week's rough start is Shoal Creek's hope.
“The staff and members have worked hard the last few years,” Talley said. “There's nothing you can do about [the weather]. There's nothing Shoal Creek can do about that. There's nothing the USGA can do. That's just Mother Nature, and it's hard to see, but they will recover, because they're Shoal Creek.”
Rainfall amounts so far this season has dropped to about 33 percent of average for early February throughout the Central Coast.
Not only has it been mostly dry since our last significant rain Jan. 9, but also warm. In fact, temperatures in the previous week have averaged 10 degrees warmer than typical at the Santa Maria Public Airport, 15 degrees hotter at the Paso Robles Municipal Airport and nearly 20 degrees above historical levels at the San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport. Since Jan. 28, eight daily high-temperature records between these Central Coast airports have been recorded.
The combination of lack of rainfall and well above-normal temperatures has driven most of San Luis Obispo County into a D1 (Moderate Drought) condition and Santa Barbara, Ventura and Los Angeles counties into D2 (Severe Drought), according to the United States Drought Monitor.
So what has occurred to produce this dry and warm weather pattern? Well, it appears that the “Ridiculously Resilient Ridge of High Pressure,” made famous by the previous drought, has redeveloped over California. Not only has this high-pressure ridge kept California dry but also has produced persistent northeasterly (aka Santa Lucia/offshore along the Central coast) winds. Lately, we haven't even seen the marine layer develop along the beaches due to this offshore flow.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The current La Niña condition is wrapping itself around the equator.
“The presence of a mild La Niña, the notorious ‘Diva of Drought' present at the equator, doesn't bode well for winter rainfall,” said climatologist Bill Patzert, of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
To make matters worse, the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) has turned neutral.
So why is this year's La Niña different from last year's, which produced record amounts of precipitation in Northern California and well above typical rainfall along much of the Central Coast?
During the 2017 (July 1, 2016, through June 30, 2017) rainfall season, the PDO was positive, and more importantly, there was a tremendous amount of warm water left over from the 2015-16 El Niño in the western tropical Pacific near Malaysia and to a lesser extent in the far eastern Pacific. If you remember, the 2015-16 El Niño events was one of the strongest ever seen; many oceanographers would say it was the warmest. This condition caused the Variable Pacific Jetstream, or the Southern Branch of the Polar Jetstream, to shift southward toward California, which brought one storm after another last year. This year, the reinvents of the Godzilla El Niño have dissipated into the depths of the Pacific.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:42 California's rise from the drought as told through satellite images Pause 0:58 Atascadero Lake spills over for first time in 7 years 1:02 With more than 20,000 seals, Piedras Blancas is the largest elephant seal rookery on Earth 1:18 Mud, rock blocked the roads. So engineers hiked 14 miles to fix water pipes for Montecito 0:42 Cal Poly unveils new football, soccer practice facility 1:58 Meet Sara, a string-loving kitty who needs a good home 0:48 Candidate Bill Ostrander talks about 3 important issues in Assembly election 1:17 The moment a 12-year-old Redding boy was recognized by the present in State of the Union address 0:37 Fuel tanker engulfed in flames after head-on crash 0:28 Woman tries to board United flight with peacock as comfort animal Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Take a captivating aerial tour of California's massive water system The Department of Water Resources has released a fly-over video of the State Water Project, the water storage and delivery system of reservoirs, aqueducts, power plants and pumping plants serving 25 million Californians and 750,000 acres of irrigated farmland. The video begins in Northern California. Department of Water Resources
Another cause that continues to gain interest was put forth several years ago by Dr. Jennifer Francis of Rutgers University. They hypothesize that Arctic Amplification (the Arctic is warming at a quicker rate than the rest of the earth) will increase the amplitude of jet stream waves. In other words, the upper-level winds are more likely to travel in a more north to south pattern.
You see, the polar jet stream often forms the border between the frigid air to the north and the warmer air to the south. As a rule of thumb, the higher the temperature differential between these two air masses the faster the upper-level winds will blow. The faster the jet stream, the more direct route it takes. The slower the jet stream, the more likely it will tend to change direction.
In California, the most advantageous pattern is for the upper-level winds to travel is a direct path across the Pacific to the coast; as the mid-latitude westerly winds increase the higher the likelihood of rain. Lately, the jet stream hasn't had enough momentum (speed) to break through this ridge of high pressure to allow the mid-latitude westerly winds to carry storms to the Central Coast.
On a positive note, the long-range models continue to advertise the possibility of periods of rain starting around Valentine's Day and continuing through the end of the month. Of course, March can also produce massive amounts of rain, as evident by our Miracle March in 1991 and the floods of 1995.
▪ ▪ ▪
I will be with spatula on Valentine's Day to help raise funds for water wells in developing nations with food by Popolo Catering. The Well Worth It Campaign, launched by Cannon in 2010, will host a pancake breakfast fundraiser at its office, 1050 Southwood Drive, San Luis Obispo from 7 to 8:30 a.m.
Access to clean water remains an issue in many parts of the world. The Well Worth It campaign has raised enough money to fund the construction of more than 20 wells worldwide. Those wells help eliminate water-related illnesses, which are a severe health issue. For a $10 donation during the 5th Annual Pancake Breakfast, you can enjoy unlimited pancakes, eggs, sausage, OJ and coffee (kids eat free with each paid adult). You won't want to miss the special treat: chocolate chip pancakes!
