According to Iirish Water, new connection works may cause supply disruptions to Bellurgan, Jenkinstown and surrounding areas in Co. Louth.
A traffic management system will be in place for the duration of the works.
Works are scheduled to take place from 8:30am until 5pm.
If you need to contact Irish Water about this supply and service alert, please quote this unique alert reference number: LOU020773.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Wednesday will try to sell the American people on an unpopular Republican tax overhaul that their administration claims will generate a large part of $1.8 trillion in new revenue — a figure that a top Democratic lawmaker dismissed as “fake math.”
Trump's pitch will focus on how the GOP tax reform plan will lead to a brighter future for taxpayers and their families, according to spokesperson Lindsay Walters. House and Senate negotiators are rushing to finalize a bill and deliver the measure to Trump before Christmas.
Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. Their idea is that growth sparked by the legislation will let the tax cuts pay for themselves and not balloon the $20 trillion deficit.
Public polling shows many Americans are unhappy with the proposal. The House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for individuals.
Advertisement
The administration's rosy estimate of new revenue from the tax plan over 10 years is a lot higher than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts will generate some $408 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years.
The new Treasury Department analysis says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations. Trump and the Republicans have insisted that businesses will use the tax savings to invest and create new jobs.
According to the Treasury analysis, the other half of new revenue will come from tax reductions for individuals and businesses whose profits are reported on owners' personal income tax returns, as well as from planned administration initiatives such as infrastructure development and a welfare overhaul.
The analysis includes an assumption that tax cuts and other administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Economic growth at that level would, in theory, be enough to keep the national debt from rising.
But most analyses have concluded that the tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer called the administration's analysis “nothing more than one page of fake math.”
“It's clear the White House and Republicans are grasping at straws to prove the unprovable and garner votes for a bill that nearly every single independent analysis has concluded will blow up the deficit and generate almost no additional economic activity to make up for it,” Schumer said.
The estimates by Treasury and the Joint Committee on Taxation apply specifically to the Senate bill. Underlining the divergent estimates, the congressional tax committee released an analysis of the House bill late Monday projecting sufficient growth to generate $483 billion in new revenue.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law.
GOP leaders in Congress aim to iron out differences between the $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills to pass a final blended package.
Rep. Kevin Brady, who heads the House Ways and Means Committee and is a key leader in the House-Senate compromise discussions, said Monday they were moving toward a vote on the final package next week. Still, key issues appeared to remain unresolved.
“I'm pleased with the progress we're making,” Brady, R-Texas, told reporters. “We still have work to do.”
The only issue for which Brady noted a firm commitment was repeal of the inheritance tax on multimillion-dollar estates, a benefit for ultra-wealthy Americans. “In the House, we feel very strongly about fully repealing the estate tax,” they said.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., suggested Sunday that the lawmakers may be open to adopting the Senate bill's preservation of the current $1 million limit for the mortgage interest deduction rather than reducing it to $500,000 as the House bill does. They also indicated a possible move to fully eliminate the alternative minimum tax, aimed at ensuring that wealthy individuals and corporations pay a fair share of taxes. The Senate bill retains the AMT for corporations.
Brady said, “These are all elements that we're looking at right now.”
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
___
Associated Press writers Jill Colvin and Josh Boak contributed to this report.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily Derby' game
SACRAMENTO (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the California Lottery's "Daily Derby" game were:
1st:9 Winning Spirit-2nd:8 Gorgeous George-3rd:12 Lucky Charms, Race Time: 1:48.51
(1st: 9 Winning Spirit, 2nd: 8 Gorgeous George, 3rd: 12 Lucky Charms; Race Time: one: 48.51)
Estimated jackpot: $66,000
¶ To win the grand prize, ticket-holders must match in exact order the winning race time and the first, second and third place horses. Lesser prizes are given to ticket-holders who correctly match other horses or race times.
Believe it or not… Jubal is a MAN… and as a man, they can say with 100% confidence that sometimes men can be really dumb, especially when trying to impress a woman… Well, the guy in today's Second Date update is a perfect example They tried what they call one of their “patented moves” on a woman… and instead of ending the night with a kiss. their date DISAPPEARED… Find out why here!
March 19 (UPI) -- The 13 siblings allegedly held captive in California by their parents David Turpin and Louise Turpin have been released to new homes.
The seven adult siblings, aged 18 to 29 were taken from the Corona Regional Medical Center, where they were being rehabilitated after they were rescued by police in January, to an undisclosed rural house, ABC News reported.
"The adult siblings want to be known as survivors, not victims," the siblings' lawyer Jack Osborn said.
All six minor children were also released from the hospital and sent to two foster homes, CNN reported.
No home was able to accommodate all six children, as the two youngest require a great deal of attention.
The hospital's CEO Mark Uffer confirmed all 13 children had been discharged.
"On behalf of all of us at CRMC, we wish these brave siblings continued strength as they take the next steps in their journey," Uffer said.
David Turpin and Louise Turpin were charged with three counts of abuse in February and Louise Turpin faces one new count of felony assault in addition to the original indictment which charged each with 12 counts of torture, seven counts of abuse of a dependent adult, six counts of child abuse and 12 counts of false imprisonment. Prosecutors also charged David Turpin with one count of a lewd act on a child by force, fear or duress.
The siblings were taken from their parents' home after a 17-year-old daughter of the couple tipped off police about the alleged abuse in January when they escaped the house and called 911 on a deactivated cellphone.
Authorities said all 13 siblings "appeared to be malnourished and very dirty," and some had cognitive impairment and lacked basic knowledge.
Osborn said since leaving the hospital the older siblings picked citrus for the first time, prepared sundaes and Mexican food and watched several movies, in addition to undergoing occupational, physical and psychological therapy.
1:34
ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does their impression of Gary Patterson
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — Kevin “K-Rob” Robinson, a former professional BMX rider who set a world record for the longest power-assisted bicycle backflip, has died. They were 45.
Their wife, Robin Adams Robinson, told The Providence Journal the Rhode Island native suffered an apparent stroke Saturday. They said their death was unexpected.
Kevin Robinson earned gold medals in the X Games and was famous for their high-flying jumps. They jumped 84 feet from one ramp to another in downtown Providence last year, setting a world record. They set a BMX high air world record in Central Park in 2008.
Robinson retired from competition in 2013. Many BMX riders shared stories about them on social media.
Daniel Dhers thanked Robinson for “years of inspiration, mentoring, guidance and friendship.”
Anthony Napolitan said Robinson was like a father to him. “He was the most positive person I ever knew and they didn't deserve to be taken away so soon,” Napolitan said on Instagram.
Robinson, a native of East Providence, created the nonprofit K-Rob Foundation in 2010 to improve the lives of children in their hometown and surrounding communities. They built the first free public skate park in East Providence, which had been a lifelong dream.
Robinson often visited schools and businesses to talk about perseverance. They would talk about how it took 11 X Games appearances and three bronze medals before they finally had their dream season in 2006, taking home two gold medals from X Games 12.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Robinson also created a protective clothing line for children participating in action sports, Grindz. They lived in Barrington with their wife and three children.
Female? 40+? Miserable about your body? Frustrated? Gotta do something about it?
CLICK TO READ:
Reclaim Fit & Healthy:
Don't You Deserve It?
Linda T. Gottlieb
Certified Fitness Pro
30+ Years Experience
www.fittraining.net
Speech to Text for Water Main Break Update
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
clay county today. the brazil police department alerted people about the situation this afternoon. an 18 inch main line burst near the knightsville flashers. that's east of brazil. water covered all lanes of u-s 40. people in the brazil-area lost water for several hours. a similar situation happened in late november. we talked to the brazil mayor just a few minutes ago.. they tell us there's a boil order in effect for brazil.. carbon... center point.. harmony.. and knightsville.. that's in effect until further notice. this weekend... a small community is honoring the life
New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier, at age 45 instead of 50.
The American Cancer Society's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group, which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago.
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients but felt strongly that they needed to act now. The advocacy group was influenced by its study, published last year, that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50. Experts aren't sure why there has been a 50 percent increase in cases since 1994.
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions, like Crohn's disease, or a family history of colon cancer. The group endorses six kinds of screening exams, from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10.
"All of these tests are good tests, and the choice should be offered to patients," said the cancer society's Dr. Rich Wender. "The best test is the test that gets done."
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments. It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review isn't expected until around 2021.
That panel's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act, although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines. It's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades.
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older, and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades. Colon cancer, combined with rectal cancer, is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. This year, more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it, and about 50,000 will die from it.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines, said Dr. Marcus Plescia, of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice.
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups, and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45.
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening, more effort should be put into getting more people tested. Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines.
"It's hard enough to get people to do it at all," Plescia noted.
Dr. Andrew Wolf, the lead author of the latest guidelines, said they considered and rejected that reasoning.
"We should be able to do both," said Wolf, a University of Virginia internist.
NORTH HAVERHILL, N.H. (AP) - A 19-year-old New Hampshire man has been charged with causing or aiding in the suicide of their roommate.
Police said 19-year-old Michael Buskey was found dead of a gunshot wound in the woods near their Plymouth apartment earlier this month. Their death was determined to be a suicide.
WMUR-TV reports Parker Hogan was arraigned Tuesday. Their lawyer entered not guilty pleas on the charge and on falsifying physical evidence.
Police say in court documents that Hogan helped plan Buskey's suicide. They say the two went into the woods near the apartment, where they practiced ways for Buskey to shoot himself.
Hogan left the woods, waited until they heard a gunshot and returned to find Buskey dead. They called police and Buskey's father the next morning.
___
Information from: WMUR-TV, http://wmur.com
___
Information from: WMUR-TV, http://wmur.com
× Police: Despite 1,000 leads, still no clear motive in Las Vegas shooting
Investigators looking into Sunday's Las Vegas massacre have found no known nexus to terror or connections to ISIS, Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill told reporters Friday.
They have no credible information as to Stephen Paddock's motive, despite more than 1,000 leads and tips, McMahill said at a news conference.
McMahill said authorities are confident there was not another shooter in Stephen Paddock's room, but are still trying to determine whether anyone else knew of Paddock's plans.
Other developments from the media briefing:
— Authorities do not believe another person used Stephen Paddock's room key at the Mandalay Bay hotel
— McMahill called security guard Jesus Campos a “true hero.” Campos was dispatched to the 32nd floor on Sunday night because a door-ajar alarm was going off.
— Investigators have reviewed “volumonous amounts of video” from many different locations including Mandalay Bay and have not seen any other person they think at this point is another suspect.
— Asked about video on which Paddock might have discussed motive, McMahill said: “I am not aware that we have recovered any such video.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Source: Shooter tried to buy tracer rounds
Paddock tried to buy tracer ammunition at a gun show in the Phoenix area in recent weeks, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation tells CNN.
Paddock bought other ammunition at the show, but they couldn't obtain the tracer ammunition -- bullets with a pyrotechnic charge that, when the round is fired, leaves an illuminated trace of its path -- because the vendor didn't have any to sell, the official said.
Paddock did not use tracer bullets when they fired into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival Sunday night from their suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, hundreds of yards away, killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others.
The official explained that if Paddock had tracer ammunition, they could have had a more precise idea of where their shots were going in the darkness, and could have been more accurate.
Shooters wanting greater accuracy often mix tracer rounds with non-tracers -- perhaps having one tracer every fifth round in a magazine, said Art Roderick, a CNN law enforcement analyst.
"It allows you to keep your weapon on not necessarily a specific target, but a specific area. ... There would have been a lot higher casualty rate if they had tracer rounds," said Roderick, a former assistant director of the US Marshals Service.
But tracer rounds also could have allowed police to see more quickly where Paddock was firing from, CNN law enforcement analyst James Gagliano said.
Without the tracer ammunition, Paddock's location was difficult to determine from the outside, said Gagliano, a retired FBI supervisory special agent.
"The barrel of the rifle -- we could not see muzzle flashes, from the angles I've seen on videos, which meant that they were ... pulled back inside," Gagliano said.
At least 88 of the injured still were in Las Vegas-area hospitals on Friday morning, 37 of whom were in critical condition, representatives of the facilities said.
Did Paddock want to escape?
Five days after the mass shooting, authorities still are trying to determine the motivation of the retired accountant, who had no criminal record and did not raise any flags while purchasing an arsenal of weapons.
In addition to the 23 weapons in their hotel suite, Paddock had more than 50 pounds of exploding targets and 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car in the hotel parking lot, police said, fueling suspicion that they intended to survive the massacre.
"He was doing everything possible to see how they could escape," Las Vegas Police Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said Thursday, declining to detail specifics.
Escape, in this case, might have meant using the equipment in the car for further assaults until they got caught, said John Sheahan, a former Las Vegas SWAT team member.
"There's one of three ways it's going to end for an active shooter, and they pretty much all know this. You're either going to commit suicide; you're going to ... shoot it out with (police) and you're going to be killed; or you're going to continue on a preplanned rampage at locations b, c, d and e until the police finally stop you," Sheahan said.
"He rented the room in their own name. He's already on video coming in and out. We know who they are. He's going to be the most wanted man in the world if they do try to leave here," they added.
Authorities: Paddock acted alone
There was initial speculation that Paddock had outside help in perpetrating the shooting spree, but authorities now say there is nothing to suggest they had assistance.
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation told CNN they have seen no indication so far that Paddock had an accomplice or that anyone was aware of their attack planning.
Lombardo, the sheriff, had previously expressed skepticism that the gunman carried out their plan by himself.
"Do you think this was all accomplished on their own? You've got to make the assumption they had to have some help at some point," they said.
As the investigation grinds on, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department officers led the funeral of LVMPD officer Charleston Hartfield Thursday, who was among those gunned down at the Route 91 Harvest Festival country music event.
Their body was escorted to Palm Downtown Mortuary and Cemetery, and a memorial was held for the slain police officer at Police Memorial Park in the northwest of the city -- one of several vigils in Las Vegas on Thursday evening.
Gun debate continues
In the wake of the deadly attack, the Eastside Cannary Casino Gun Show that was expected to be held in Las Vegas this weekend has been canceled, David Strow of Boyd Gaming Corporation tells CNN.
"This was a mutual decision with the show's organizers, given recent events, it was the prudent thing to do," Strow said.
Twelve of the 23 firearms found in the hotel suite had bump stocks -- legal accessories for semi-automatic rifles that allow a shooter to fire rounds more rapidly.
In the aftermath of Sunday's shooting, pro-gun Republican lawmakers and the National Rifle Association, the powerful pro-gun lobby, have suggested supporting a review of bump stocks.
Politicians from both sides of the aisle and lobbyists are now saying the controversial devices, which sell for under $200, should be subject to additional regulation.
US President Donald Trump is open to considering legislation that would ban bump stocks but wants to hear more information on the matter before making a final determination, the White House said Wednesday.
'Numbers' found on note
Lombardo said a note with numbers written on it was found in Paddock's room, according to the New York Times. Authorities are trying to analyze its meaning, but Lombardo didn't elaborate on whether they are significant or not.
"Lombardo said that it contained numbers that were being analyzed for their relevance, and that it was not a manifesto or suicide note," the Times reported.
Paddock had rented rooms at other festivals
Before checking into the Mandalay Bay days before the massacre, Paddock rented a room at a Las Vegas condo complex that overlooked the September 22-24 Life is Beautiful music festival.
In addition, in August, a person named Stephen Paddock reserved a room at Chicago's Blackstone Hotel during the city's Lollapalooza music festival, said Wagstaff Worldwide, which represents the hotel.
But that person never checked into the hotel, which overlooked the festival, Wagstaff Worldwide spokesperson Emmy Carragher said.
It was not immediately clear whether the Stephen Paddock who booked the room was the same Stephen Paddock behind the Las Vegas massacre.
The Chicago Tribune, citing an anonymous law enforcement source, reported that it was the shooter Stephen Paddock who booked the room at the Blackstone Hotel.
Hairdresser: Paddock spoke about girlfriend's trip
Kallie Beig, who worked at the Great Clips in Mesquite, Paddock's hometown, told CNN exclusively that they had cut Paddock's hair at least three times over the past three years, and that every time they had come in, always early in the morning, they had smelled of strong liquor.
They would tell them that he'd been up all night gambling, they said.
The last time they saw them was two months before Sunday's tragedy, they said.
During their last visit, they told them they were planning on sending their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to the Philippines and they were going to be alone. They did not discuss the trip with Danley personally.
"The last time I saw them was probably only about two months ago... they came in and got their hair cut, and again, smelled of alcohol, and their girlfriend was with him... doing their own thing, and they were telling me about them leaving to go to the Philippines."
They said that the interaction was normal and didn't raise any red flags with them
"He was going to be home alone hanging out for a while by themselves but it wasn't anything weird, it wasn't anything that seemed off."
In their statement released through their attorney, Matt Lombard, Danley said the trip was a surprise.
"A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me they found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that they wanted me to take a trip home to see my family," they said.
"Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends."
Beig characterized their relationship as quite cold and distant -- they said they didn't see them interacting in any sort of intimate way.
It was the morning rush and my wife was escorting our five-year-old daughter to kindergarten. As usual, the car was packed: all available seats had been taken by the lucky few further up the line. My wife stood almost in the center of the car. They were able to reach a strap, allowing them to remain upright throughout the journey. As usual, no one offered a seat to them or our five-year-old. So, as usual, our daughter sat at my wife's feet on the floor of the car.
A suit-clad Japanese man in their sixties was stuck standing in front of them. They told my wife to make our daughter stand up, as it is shabby or undignified (みっともない) for children to be sitting on the floor. They explained that it is exhausting and almost impossible for a five-year-old to remain standing on a moving train. They responded, “No, it's undignified. Make them stand up.” They explained that it is precisely because of this difficulty that priority seating is designated for moms with young children (along with seniors, the disabled and others). They chided, “Go tell it to those people sitting there. Besides, you're blocking the door. Get them to stand up.” My wife wondered how the other eight or ten people between them and the door were somehow not blocking the door. They explained that every time they reach a station they do in fact get our daughter to stand up (not only is this a matter of public safety, but it allows them to move to an open spot if one should become available). Unfortunately, reason only angered the man in the suit. They lashed out, “Fine! Let's go public with this! (出ることでてもいいんだぞ)” My wife replied, “So, I can take your picture and put it on a website or someplace?” “Go ahead!” My wife raised their phone, but before they could click they pushed the phone into their face and darted off the train.
I wonder — with not a little bit of worry — what would have transpired next if they hadn't just arrived at a station. Backed into a corner by logic, the man felt it necessary to resort to violence. Caught in a potentially indicting situation — by their own misbehavior — they felt it necessary to flee. What if there hadn't been an escape route?
We could fill more than a few sociology texts with all of the issues that this incident raises about men and women (and children) in Japan. We could talk about the importance of saving face: i.e., why no one said or did anything for the long, long ride to the next stop after the assailant alighted. We could say something about gender relations and power: An older man was willing to flout mores about saving face because they assumed that a younger female would do exactly what they said without argument or escalation. Of course, we can also add this to the too-long list of incidents where frustrated men unleashed violence against women.
Lost at knee-level in our analysis, however, is my daughter trying to get to school every morning.
Some people say that crowded trains are no place for children. I agree 100%. Unfortunately, the fact remains that morning trains around Tokyo are very crowded. Some people say there should be rules against bringing small children (and especially strollers) on the trains during rush hour. The argument is that we already have rules against boarding trains with bicycles because they get in everyone's way. Therefore, strollers and children should be held to the principle…. I disagree 100%.
Children are human beings. They have the right to ride the train when and wherever they want. No parent wants to bring a toddler or an infant onto a crowded train, but sometimes they have to.
In this way, a human rights issue is at the core of the incident. I'm very proud of my wife for standing up for them and our daughter's rights to ride the trains in any manner they wish (however shabby that may appear in someone else's eyes). But more than this, I'm very happy that my wife was not seriously hurt. And I'm most relieved that my five-year-old daughter did not even realize the incident occurred.
Want to have the last word? Send your article to editor@metropolisjapan.com
The views expressed in “The Last Word” are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the position or opinion of Japan Partnership Co. Ltd. or its partners and sponsors.
The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded today, to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, (ICAN).
It is a grassroots movement operating in over 100 counties, that helped lobby for the 2017 Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons.
“They're not really weapons, they're mechanisms for annihilating most higher forms of life on earth”
The Nobel committee chair said the group “has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to co-operate … in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons,”
Gordon Edwards, head of the Canadian Coalition for Nuclear Responsibility, says the award to ICAN is “wonderful news”.
“For the first time in the 71-year history of the nuclear arms race we really have hammered out an international treaty on the prevention and abolition of nuclear weapons.” Edwards says.
More than 50 countries have signed the treaty, while 122 nations have approved the text, the Netherlands was the one nation voted against the treaty.
” A global suicide machine”
Edwards says it's “the first step in a long road that is long overdue to achieve a world free of the nightmare of nuclear annihilation.”
Edwards may sound optimistic, even as the 69 other countries that did not vote include all the nuclear weaponized states, and the members of NATO except for the Netherlands.
The North Korean government was purported to have launched a Hwasong-14 intercontinental ballistic missile, as shown in this July 28 photo distributed by the country. © AP / Korean Central News Agency
But Edwards is well aware of the consequences of nuclear warfare. They say the language is inadequate.
“We call them nuclear weapons, but in fact they're not really weapons, they're mechanisms for annihilating most higher forms of life on earth.”
Edwards says an “all-out nuclear war” would bring global starvation as the resulting smoke would block the sunlight in what's known as a ‘nuclear winter' for several years.
They say “people do not realize what we're talking about here; we're talking about a global suicide machine”.
“The calm before the storm”
When asked about the disconcerting coincidence of today's other news, that U.S. President Donald Trump made an off-the-cuff remark last night, during a photo-op with the country's top military leaders and their wives, describing it as being “the calm before the storm”, Edwards is frank:
“Many people regard this whole situation that we're in, with regard to the nuclear threat, as the culmination of four billion years of evolution of life on this planet.” they say.
After four billion years of evolution one species, out of all the species on earth, has developed the capability to undue four billion years of evolution, and that's the humans,
And the humans are using primal instincts of aggression and warfare and hostility, which have got to the point, because of these weapons, of being a threat not just to the enemy, but a threat to all life.”
Edwards says Trump and Kim Jong-un of North Korea don't grasp the basic facts of the potential destruction, “they think that they're brandishing these weapons as if they were just crossbows and spears and swords from days gone by: they're totally out of touch with reality.”
Edwards challenges Canadians to speak up on these issues. They say the country, as a member of the NATO alliance, is part of the problem.
They remind people of former Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau, father of the current Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau. addressing these issues back in 1978 at the U.N. General Assembly.
Edwards paraphrases Trudeau senior as saying at the time, “If we want to have a world without nuclear weapons, we have to invoke a strategy of suffocation, we have to choke off the vital oxygen on which these weapons feed.”
Collier Horse Transport provides you with peace of mind by offering a professional service from first point of contact to the careful delivery of your horse/s.
Equipped with top quality trucks and floats, your horse will feel at home while they are chauffeured carefully and gently across the country. At present, Collier Horse Transport offers transport to all destinations within the North island, New Zealand. Transport is tailored to your horses needs with adequate stable and paddock stops available should your horse require a stopover for the evening.
As caring, compassionate professionals, you can be assured your horse/s will be cared for by the best throughout their journey. Collier Stables
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — The “Welcome to Florida” sign in the northwest part of the state was covered in light snow as winter weather dipped into the Sunshine State.
It was part of a winter storm that hit the Deep South over the weekend and left thousands of people without power in the region.
In Florida, the news website northescambia.com posted a photograph of the sign that welcomes travelers to the state, covered in a sprinkle of snow.
Elsewhere in the normally warm state, flurries were reported in Destin and Miramar Beach, while temperatures in St. Petersburg were 48 degrees. Miami was a positively chilly 61 degrees Sunday afternoon.
“It does look like it's going to get a little colder tonight,” said Marc Austin, a forecaster from the National Weather Service in Ruskin, which is in the Tampa Bay area. “Tonight will be the coldest night in Florida this week. Probably the coldest night it's been since last winter.”
Austin added that the region's cold temps are due to an arctic air mass followed brought a high pressure system. Wind died down and that allowed for the normally mild south to cool.
Areas north of Tampa can expect to get freezing temperatures Sunday night, even down in the twenties, they said.
Over the weekend, North Carolina had ice warnings, Georgia saw school and business closings and on Friday, Jackson, Mississippi had its highest snowfall since 1982.
Part of Asheville received eight inches of snow on Friday and Saturday, making the storm the 15th greatest since 1946, when the Weather Service started keeping records of snowfall in the city.
Forecasters said temperatures for Sunday were not expected to be favorable for melting the snow in many parts of the south. Highs across much of North Carolina were not expected to get out of the 30s, and after a brief warm up on Monday, a second round of cold air was likely to stall the melting.
Thousands of customers remained without power in the region.
Duke Energy is reporting almost 8,000 customers without power Sunday afternoon in the western counties of North Carolina and South Carolina. The majority of those are in Macon, Henderson and Buncombe counties in North Carolina, where restoration to 4,860 customers was expected by 11:45 p.m. Sunday.
In South Carolina, the highest number of outages is in Greenville, where 660 customers are without power. Power restoration is expected by 5 p.m. Sunday.
___
AP writers Martha Waggoner in Raleigh, North Carolina, and Jonathan Landrum in Atlanta contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Yes, we're back, with our regular preview of the week in the upper chamber, following last week's absence. Apologies to those of you who take an interest in the more elegant end of the Palace of Westminster. No time to hang about though…
The very first item of business after prayers on Monday is an oral question from Robin Teverson, whose will be seeking a Government view on whether UK citizens will be able their EU citizenship post-Brexit should they wish. Whilst this was originally an idea of Luxembourg MEP Charles Goerens, it was picked up by Guy Verhofstadt. Frankly, I can't see the Government being terribly keen…
Qurban Hussain will be contributing to the debate on recent developments in Sudan and South Sudan, where Jean-Pierre Lacroix, UN peacekeeping chief, described the situation as “precarious” and warned of escalating military conflict and inter-communal fighting. One million South Sudanese are thought to be one step away from famine against a background of ongoing civil war.
It's also the Report Stage of the Data Protection Bill.
On Tuesday, it's Joan Walmsley's turn to seek more Brexit information, as they seek information about the number of doctors from EEA States who may leave the NHS after Brexit. And yes, it is increasingly clear that the Government are either guessing, clueless or perhaps even dishonest, but asking questions might just bring home to them how much is at stake.
Kath Pinnock is up next, trying to tease out what will happen to European Structural Investment Funds, and whether the Government is committed to ensuring that equivalent funds are available to local government post-2020.
Liz Barker and Brian Paddick will be contributing to a Labour-led debate on human rights priorities after Brexit, and given that Jo Swinson has made it clear that this will be one of their key priorities within their Foreign Affairs brief in the Commons, it will be interesting to see if either Liz or Brian will offer anything strategic.
Two weeks ago, Christine Jardine spoke in a Commons debate on the State Pension age and the effect of recent increases on what are known as the WASPI women. On Wednesday, Ros Scott takes up the cudgels on their behalf. Given how many of their Noble Lords are over the State retirement age, you'd think that they might be sympathetic, but don't count on any help from the Government. Besides, if Brexit happens, the question of what to do about the differential treatment of EU and non-EU pensioners will be on their plate…
Also, David Chidgey has a question on non-Commonwealth countries attending next year's Commonwealth Summit in London.
There are two Liberal Democrat oral questions on Thursday, with Alan Beith due to ask about the impact of Budget measures on the North East, and Dominic Addington seeking an answer about the transferring of responsibilities relating to Disabled Students' Allowances for some students to higher education providers. The Young Liberals might be interested in the answer to that question.
There is also a debate on the recent report by the Children's Commissioner for England ‘On measuring the number of vulnerable children in England', with the amazing Floella Benjamin, plus Sal Brinton and Mike Storey contributing from our benches.
Finally, Friday is a day for Second Readings of Private Members' Bills, and Sally Hamwee is sponsoring the Refugees (Family Reunion) Bill. This seeks to make provision for leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom to be granted to the family members of refugees and to refugees who are family members of British citizens and settled persons, to provide for legal aid to be made available for refugee family reunion cases, and for connected purposes. In other words, a thoroughly decent proposal, and I wish Sally well with it.
So, that's it for another week. Next time we may have gratuitous Lords a-leaping, and possibly even Ladies dancing, but until then…
* Mark Valladares is Monday Editor of Liberal Democrat Voice and its House of Lords correspondent.
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. -- Chesterfield Police have issued a warning to neighbors after thieves broke into around 20 unlocked vehicles parked in and around the Michaux Creek subdivision this week.
Items taken from the car include money, computers, jewelry, and even guns. In one instance, police said, an entire car was stolen because someone left their keys inside the unlocked vehicle.
"There is a sense of violation. I've had my car broken into before and you do lose a sense of security," neighbor Greg Brown said.
Another neighbor - who asked not to be identified - noticed their husband's truck and their garage were broken into Friday morning.
They immediately texted other neighbors with a warning.
"It raised everybody's awareness level," neighbor Mark Beck said. "But I am very surprised about that happening here. Need to lock your cars in your driveway."
In a message posted on the department's Facebook page, Chesterfield Police offered a stern reminder to drivers.
"Please help us. We can't do it alone," the post read. "Change your routine. Make it a habit to remove your belongings and lock your vehicles. Encourage your friends to do the same. We need your help."
"It's a crime of opportunity and it's great that they are raising awareness for people to lock their doors," Beck added. "We should know that the criminal element is out there."
Chesterfield Police encouraged car break-in victims to report the crimes to police. Anyone with information was asked to call Crime Solvers at 804-748-0660.
Family members have said Swenson, 30, complained of chest pain and wasn't acting normally July 27 before leaving their home for an appointment in Salt Lake City. Their family believes they never arrived. That was the last time their family saw him.
Thousands of Android-spying apps in the wild: what to do about SonicSpy
About the author Bill Brenner
Tralee CBS (Kerry) 0-10
Coláiste Choilm, Ballincollig (Cork) 1-6
Denis Hurley reports from Naomh Aban, Ballyvourney
LAST YEAR'S BEATEN Corn Uí Mhuirí finalists Tralee CBS were forced to dig deep to overcome Coláiste Choilm in Saturday's semi-final at Baile Bhúirne on Saturday.
Having gone four points down just after the start of the second half – and with 14 players – Coláiste Choilm got back in contention when Colm O'Callaghan scored a goal, and they hit the front for the first time when James O'Sullivan rounded off a good move in the 53rd minute.
Tralee were level immediately, though, as midfielder Seán Quilter scored their sixth point and centre-back John Walsh scored what proved to be the winner on 57.
In a sometimes niggly game, tensions spilled over as the end of normal time neared, necessitating a long-hold up, after which yellow cards were issued – two for Tralee and one for Coláiste Choilm, but for the recipient of that, Ross Donovan, it was their second caution and they finished with 13.
The Ballincollig school were able to engineer one late scoring chance, but it went wide and Tralee advance to face either St Brendan's College or Pobalscoil Chorca Dhuibhne, who meet tomorrow.
Quilter and Michael Kelliher impressed as Tralee had the best of the first half, but Jack Murphy's frees kept Coláiste Choilm in touch and they were level at 0-3 each before three unanswered Tralee points restored the upper hand to them.
Coláiste Choilm lost Hugh Murphy when they were sent off for a late challenge coming up to half-time, by which stage it was 0-7 to 0-4 for Tralee, but, with the wind, the Cork school turned things around in the second half.
Ultimately, though, Tralee would take the honours.
Scorers for Tralee CBS: Seán Quilter 0-6 (0-2 frees, 0-1 45), Michael Kelliher 0-2 (one free), John Walsh, Fergal O'Brien 0-1 each.
Scorers for Coláiste Choilm: Jack Murphy 0-5 (0-4 frees), Colm O'Callaghan 1-0, James O'Sullivan 0-1.
TRALEE CBS
1. Devon Burns (Na Gaeil)
2. Pádraig White (John Mitchels)
3. Tadhg Brick (Ballymacelligott)
4. Jack Myers (John Mitchels)
5. Seán Hamilton (Churchill)
6. John Walsh (Knocknagoshel)
7. Damien Bourke (Na Gaeil)
8. Kevin Williams (John Mitchels)
9. Seán Quilter (Austin Stacks)
10. Joseph Lenihan (Churchill)
11. Darragh Regan (Ballymacelligott)
12. Michael Scanlon (Castlegregory)
13. Jason Mortimer (Churchill)
14. Fergal O'Brien (St Pat's Blennerville)
15. Michael Kelliher (John Mitchels)
Replacements: 22. Daniel Goggins (Na Gaeil) for Hamilton (HT); 18. Brian Murphy (St Pat's Blennerville) for Bourke (39, injured); 17. Eoghan Carroll (Austin Stacks) for Myers (47); 20. David Fitzmaurice (Austin Stacks) for Williams; 21. Dáire Keane (Ballymacelligott) for Mortimer (both 53)
COLÁISTE CHOILM
1. Adam O'Riordan (Éire Óg)
2. Shane Dwane (St Finbarr's)
3. Seán Walsh (Ballincollig)
4. Barry Sorensen (Ballincollig)
5. Cillian Sheehan (Éire Óg)
6. Fintan Denny (Ballincollig)
7. Evan Dodd (Canovee)
9. Colm O'Callaghan (Éire Óg)
14. Jack Murphy (Éire Óg)
10. Hugh Murphy (Éire Óg)
8. Evan Cooke (Ballincollig)
12. Ross Donovan (Ballincollig)
13. Dylan Scott (Inniscarra)
15. Cian Rickard (Éire Óg)
11. James O'Sullivan (Éire Óg)
Replacement: 18. Neil Lordan (Ballinora) for Dodd (49)
Referee: Richard Moloney (Limerick)
Turning 50, Mama's Pizza is proving it is more than a memory.
The old-world pizzeria voted the city's best for three generations has added thin-crust or gluten-free pizzas, grilled chicken, Alfredo sauce "white pizzas" and toppings such as spinach or basil.
On June 11-17, all six Mama's locations will feature 50th anniversary specials. Some days, pizzas will cost as little as $5, or $15 for a giant "Mama's size." On June 15 only, the daily lunch buffet will cost $5.
"We're traditional pizza," said Jordan Scott, in their 15th year as owner of a legacy founded in 1968 as a sideline for a Fort Worth schoolteacher. (He also owns the localCreamistry.)
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We grate our own cheese and we use plenty of it. When you carry out a Mama's pizza, it's gonna weigh a couple of pounds," Scott said.
The original owner, retired teacher Ed Stebbins of Arlington said they wanted to serve something like their Italian family served in Connecticut. Not the cheap, cracker-crust pizzas of Pizza Inn or Pizza Hut chains.
"Everything back then was flat and flimsy," they said last week.
"I had an Italian grandfather in Connecticut with a combination barbershop and pizza place. So we made it their way, with a soft, rising crust, hand-rolled around the edge. It took off and people just loved it."
At first, there was no "Mama." Stebbins chose the name to contrast with the popular pizzeria of that day, Papa's Pizza Parlor, a Shakey's-esque family restaurant with a player piano.
But the woman everyone knew as Mama was their mother-in-law, Catherine Biggs, who ran the former Texas Wesleyan University flagship store for 18 years.
Biggs had just retired when Scott started as a teenager at the old Mama's on Camp Bowie Boulevard. Now, the newer Mama's nearby at 5800 Camp Bowie Blvd., is their company's No. 1 location, followed by an Arlington location at 1200 N. Fielder Road.
"We're surrounded by pizza now" — Olivella's, Campisi's — "but we still do great here," they said.
(The orders have changed. Fewer double-cheese-supremes, more thin-crust pizza Margheritas with chopped tomato-and-basil.)
Mama's plans a new Hudson Oaks location near the H-E-B grocery now under construction, Scott said
Here's the rundown of specials: June 11, $5 medium; June 12, $10 large; June 13, half off (except the lunch buffet); June 14, 50-cent breadsticks; June 15, $5 lunch buffet; June 16, $15 20-inch "Mama's" giant; June 16, $19.68 for two larges.
Scott owns the Mama's on Camp Bowie Boulevard, North Fielder Road and the oldest location, 1813 W. Berry St. Franchise locations are also in Cityview, Mansfield and North Richland Hills; mamaspizzas.net.
$1 burgers, 70-cent CFS at Jake & Dorothy's
Also celebrating an anniversary June 11-16: Jake & Dorothy's Cafe, an American classic marking 70 years in Stephenville.
Watch for $5 lunches, $1 burgers, $6 sirloins and $7 catfish on different days, but take particular note of the 70-cent hot open-face chicken-fried steak sandwich with waffle fries after 5 p.m. June 16.
It's open daily from 5:30 a.m. until at least midnight, later weekends; 406 E. Washington St.,254-965-5211.
Bartaco brings 14 kinds of tacos
Bartaco, a Latin-fusion tacos-and-tequila chain known mostly for stellar bar food (guacamole, chili shishitos, churros or rice bowls with chcken, pork, duck or portobello), is open in the WestBend shops along the Clear Fork near the zoo.
Bartaco was founded as a "Barcelona" taco and tapas bar, but also serves plaintains, tuna poke and a garlic-rosemary rotisserie chicken.
The menu has 14 kinds of tacos, from redfish or pastor to tamarind duck or cauliflower Romesco.
It was founded in Connecticut but is now owned by Del Frisco's. It's open for lunch, dinner and late; 1701 River Run, 817-663-8226, bartaco.com.
Bud Kennedy, 817-390-7538; @EatsBeat
ZURICH (AP) - FIFA has cleared teenage midfielder Sergei Eremenko to play for Russia at the World Cup by approving their change of national eligibility from Finland.
FIFA says a request by the Russian Football Union was approved Monday.
The 19-year-old Eremenko was born in Russia and currently plays on loan at Spartak Moscow. Their father, Alexei, has Finnish citizenship after playing and coaching there for much of their career.
Sergei Eremenko represented Finland at youth level, following their elder brothers Alexei and Roman, who have both played more than 50 times for the full national team.
Roman Eremenko was playing for CSKA Moscow in 2016 when they tested positive for cocaine at a Champions League game. Their two-year ban by UEFA expires in October.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Producers of the popular Channel 4 programme Gogglebox are looking for people to take part in the show.
The Circle will ask "provocative questions" about how people interact and forge their own identity in the age of social media.
But they will live in separate apartments, only interacting with each other through social media.
A 'bespoke', voice-activated social media platform, called The Circle, will “enable them to chat, make friends, argue and maybe even fall in love”.
The show is now looking for "interesting individuals from all walks of life", with strong opinions, people living for Facebook likes, and/or people who think social media has changed the way we make friends and present themselves to take part.
And there's a chance you could win up to £50,000 if you get in touch with them.
“Throughout the contest the competitors will rate each other, with whoever is liked the least running the risk of being ‘blocked' and removed from The Circle,” a spokesperson for Channel 4 said.
“It is only when someone is ‘blocked' that the others will learn about who they have really been interacting with.”
Executive producer Tim Harcourt said: “It used to just be film stars, rock stars and narcissists who would do anything for the adulation of thousands of strangers.
“Now we've all caught the bug. So many of us do bizarre things or become very different versions of ourselves just to be ‘liked' online.
“And whilst sometimes social media seems ridiculous and shallow, at other times it becomes a force for positive change.
"This series promises to explore all of this in a fashion that is dramatic, funny, warm and compelling.”
If you're interested, click here, email thecircle@studiolambert.com, or call 0203 040 6955.
By Warren Kurtz
Win an autographed copy of “Waitin' for the Sun,” the first solo album from Poco's Rusty Young, and read a 50th anniversary of Poco interview!
RUSTY YOUNG is the sole original member in Poco. After the Buffalo Springfield disbanded, Richie Furay, along with the final album member Jim Messina and guest multi-instrumentalist Rusty Young formed Poco, along with bassist Randy Meisner and drummer George Grantham. After their first album, “Pickin' Up the Pieces,” Randy Meisner left and was replaced by Timothy B. Schmit, a pattern that would repeat in the Eagles. Next, Jim Messina left for Loggins & Messina, and was replaced by Paul Cotton. More personnel changes continued. After 50 years, “Waitin' for the Sun” is Rusty Young's first solo album, which includes many past and all current members of Poco. Goldmine spoke with them about the new songs, the group, a pair of cabins, including one formerly owned by Johnny Cash and June Carter, and how David Geffen motivated them to become a singer-songwriter.
GOLDMINE: When we featured the video of your song “Waitin' for the Sun” at goldminemag.com for a weekend last month, we quickly received over 1, 000 likes. Henryk Ptasiewicz's artwork is beautiful and your song is soothing, something we needed in August.
RUSTY YOUNG: That was the first song I wrote for the album. It is a about the process of songwriting in my cabin by the Huzzah River in the Mark Twain National Forest in Missouri. At 4 a.m. I can see the sun come up over the hills and the sun inspired me to write. Last month we watched the solar eclipse from a boat with some friends and it was really amazing. There was lots of screaming and cheering, and that was before the eclipse!
GM: Of the 10 songs that you wrote for the new album, my favorite is “Innocent Moon.” Along with the vocals, I love the rhythm and the piano touches.
RY: That is Rick Lonow on drums and Jack Sundrud on bass. In fact, all the current Poco members are on that song. In writing this one I liked how the two words “innocent” and “moon” sounded together and wrote the lyrics around that. I love the guitar at the end, making it like my “Layla.” Those piano parts were from Michael Webb.
GM: Michael's piano is certainly featured on the instrumental “Seasons.”
RY: That is Michael playing June Carter's piano. We recorded the album at Cash Cabin in Hendersonville, Tennessee, where Johnny Cash recorded “Hurt” and some of their final songs. “Seasons” celebrates all four seasons that I experienced from my Missouri cabin during the year of writing the album.
GM: You also brought back past members of Poco with Jim Messina and George Grantham on “Honey Bee” and Richie Furay and Timothy B. Schmit on “My Friend.”
RY: “My Friend” reminds me of “Crazy Love.” It took just a half hour to an hour to write. It came so naturally. The best songs come about like that. I wanted to do a tribute to our history, to all of us and the audience too, it is truly about all the Poco members and fans.
GM: In addition to Poco members, I heard from a couple of other people on the record. I love the sax on “Heaven Tonight.” Sax player Jim Hoke told me, “I loved Poco from when they first came out and Rusty's playing was responsible for my attempting to play pedal steel guitar.  They are a unique musician with a big heart. Getting to play with them was a great experience.”
RY: When we aren't doing Poco songs, Jack and I add music to training videos from Scholastic. We frequently use Jim. “Heaven Tonight” is about meeting someone, having that connection and being fulfilled as I am with my wife Mary. The song “Hey There” is also a nod to them I'm happy I inspired Jim to try pedal steel. My parents started me on that instrument when I was six years old. They were country music fans. In 1968, I was in a band in Colorado with George. Randy was in Colorado, too. I got a call to go to Los Angeles and play pedal steel on “Kind Woman” at Sunset Sound Recorders as the closing number on Buffalo Springfield's final album “Last Time Around.” That was my first time on record. I also learned to play banjo, mandolin and dobro in the ‘60s during the folk era.
GM: On the album's closing number, “Gonna Let the Rain,” you are joined by Lisa Oliver-Gray and Jen Friend on background vocals. Lisa told me, “Rusty's wonderful and kind. I was honored to sing on that recording.” Jen said, “I had a great time singing that one. It is definitely one of my top tunes.”
RY: Both Lisa and Jen sounded so soulful. I was seeking a sound similar to what Bonnie Bramlett brings to a recording, and Lisa and Jen certainly achieved that.
GM: You mentioned “Crazy Love” earlier. In early 1979, at the record store I worked at, side two of your “Legend” album was a refreshing break from the disco albums we were playing during that genre's peak. Finally, with your 13th album, we were so pleased to finally hear Poco debut in the Top 40 with “Crazy Love” and “Heart of the Night.” In addition to those two hits, that side also included the flip side of “Heart of the Night,” one of my favorite compositions of yours, “The Last Goodbye.” It started so soft and then when the “send me no invitation” line was sung with such a powerful harmony we would look up at the speakers, take notice, and smile.
RY: After no Top 40 hits, our label was ready to drop us. They got us together and we played them my “Crazy Love” and Paul's “Heart of the Night.” They looked at us, smiled, and said, “OK! Let's make a record.” Songwriting still felt new to me. David Geffen is a very important person in my life. A few years prior to “Legend” they were managing us and called us into their office. Richie was leaving for the Souther-Hillman-Furay Band. They looked at Paul and said, “You're okay. You sing. You write. You'll be fine.” Then it was my turn. I was on the cover of Guitar Player. I was possibly the most famous steel pedal player in rock and was feeling pretty good about myself. David looked at me and said, “You're in trouble. You don't write. You don't sing.” That shocked me at first and then inspired me. That is the day that changed my life and that led to “Crazy Love,” our highest charting single.
GM: Ten years later, in 1989, I constantly played two reunion cassettes. One from Jefferson Airplane and the other was your “Legacy” album and I loved them both. While the singles from “Jefferson Airplane” didn't chart in the Top 40, your “Legacy” brought two more songs to that chart, “Call It Love” and “Nothing to Hide.” I also enjoyed the latter's flip side “If It Wasn't for You” and your catchy mid-tempo composition “What Do People Know,” with all of its harmonies.
RY: “Legacy” is such an overlooked classic. I am so proud of that album. It is a great record, representing musicians from four successful bands: the Buffalo Springfield, the Eagles, Loggins & Messina and Poco. Rick, our current drummer, was one of the co-writers on “Call It Love” with Jim, and I was thrilled to sing it. Randy did a great job singing “Nothing to Hide.” That one was co-written by Richard Marx. We shared the same manager. I was very happy with “What Do People Know” and Jim's guitar on it. The reunion was lots of fun.
GM: On your new CD, Joe Hardy mixed and mastered it, the same guy who brought a great sound to Alice Cooper's new album “Paranormal.”
RY: Joe is a big Poco fan. They told me their two favorite groups are The Beatles and Poco.  They are an early riser too and would call me at 6 a.m. about the recordings. For the upcoming Poco concerts, I will be my own opening act, playing songs from “Waitin' for the Sun” before we get into the Poco set. I am really excited and proud of my solo CD. Blue Elan has been behind it so much. I am sure Goldmine readers will enjoy trying to win a copy.
To enter, submit your email address in the box below by Tuesday, Oct. 31, 11:59 p.m. You will be immediately entered in the Giveaway and as a bonus you will receive Goldmine's informative weekly eNewsletter (collecting news/tips and exclusive articles and interviews with your favorite classic artists). We will randomly draw winners from the entrants. We have five (5) signed CDs to give away and five (5) signed vinyl albums.
LAHORE: The Lahore High Court directed the police to submit the travel history of former state minister Siddique Kanju's son Mustafa Kanju, who exited the country soon after their acquittal in a murder case following a ‘compromise' with the complainant, media reports stated.
A division bench compromising of Justice Sadaqat Ali Khan and Justice Shehram Sarwar Chaudhry was a state appeal against the acquittal of Mustafa Kanju and three other convicts in the Zain murder case.
Non-bailable arrest warrants of all the acquitted convicts had been previously issued for not appearing before the bench despite repeated summons.
Additional Prosecutor General Abdul Samad informed the bench that Kanju had left the country on October 30, 2015 and summons issued by the court were not served on him.
They further informed that the three other convicts, namely Sadiq, Ikramullah and Asif Rehman were in Lucky Marwat and would be presented before the bench on the enxt hearing.
The bench adjourned further hearing for a week and directed the capital city police officer of Lahore to submit the records of Kanju's international travels.
On October 27, 2016, an anti-terrorism court had acquitted Mustafa Kanju and their guards of the charges of killing 16-year-old Zain and injuring Hasnain. The court had acquitted the suspects after legal heirs of the victims ‘pardoned' them.
The Supreme Court had taken a suo motu notice of the acquittal and ordered the prosecution department to challenge it.
Duo breaks speed-climbing record on Yosemite's El Capitan Nose
Photo: Hans Florine/ Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Hans Florine, who was recently injured on El Capitan, watches through the casts on their feet as Alex Honnold and Tommy Caldwell break the record for fastest climb up the Nose route on the granite rock. Hans Florine, who was recently injured on El Capitan, watches through the casts on their feet as Alex Honnold and Tommy Caldwell break the record for fastest climb up the Nose route on the granite rock. Photo: Hans Florine/ Image 2 of 4 Tommy Caldwell, left, and Alex Honnold, right, hold a t-shirt with an image of the mountain they just climbed as they celebrate their record on the Nose route of El Capitan. Tommy Caldwell, left, and Alex Honnold, right, hold a t-shirt with an image of the mountain they just climbed as they celebrate their record on the Nose route of El Capitan. Photo: Hans Florine/ Image 3 of 4 Tommy Caldwell and Alex Honnold hold a t-shirt with an image of the mountain they just climbed as they celebrate their record on the Nose route of El Capitan. Tommy Caldwell and Alex Honnold hold a t-shirt with an image of the mountain they just climbed as they celebrate their record on the Nose route of El Capitan. Photo: Hans Florine/ Image 4 of 4 El Capitan aglow in the late afternoon sun at Yosemite National Park, on Friday May 11, 2012. El Capitan aglow in the late afternoon sun at Yosemite National Park, on Friday May 11, 2012. Photo: Michael Macor / The Chronicle Duo breaks speed-climbing record on Yosemite's El Capitan Nose 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The world's most famous speed-climbing record was broken Wednesday, this time by two of Yosemite's most illustrious climbers who teamed up to scale the 3,000-foot prow of El Capitan in a little over two hours.
Alex Honnold, of Sacramento, and Tommy Caldwell, of Colorado, both famous for other climbs, clambered up the vertical granite cliff face known as the Nose route in 2 hours, 10 minutes and 15 seconds, knocking more than nine minutes off the previous record.
But the two climbers weren't satisfied with merely shattering the record of 2:19:44, set by Brad Gobright and Jim Reynolds last October.
“It went really well. Tommy and I felt really comfortable,” Honnold said Wednesday after the two men had come down from the mountain. “It felt good, but we can do better.”
Honnold said they and Caldwell had been practicing the route with the goal of breaking the two-hour mark — a daunting feat equivalent to running a two-hour marathon — so they plan to rest a couple of days and give it another go Saturday.
“I think its feasible, so we're definitely going to try,” Honnold said. “We got a couple ropes stuck, and had to do some down climbing, so I feel we can do better, plus this was the first time it felt like we really tried hard.”
Honnold and Caldwell had each etched their names in the record books on El Capitan, and are now as close to rock-climbing royalty in Yosemite as a person can get.
In June 2017, Honnold pulled off a hair-raising 3,000-foot ropeless climb, known as a free-solo, up a route known as Freerider, the first time anyone had ever even attempted such a feat on El Capitan. The stomach-churning climb, unprotected up the cliff face, was touted by many accomplished Yosemite climbers as something bordering on superhuman.
A feature film about the climb, called “Free Solo,” is scheduled to hit theaters in October.
Two years earlier, Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson, of Santa Rosa, spent 19 days free-climbing El Capitan's Dawn Wall. It was the first time anyone had used only their hands and feet to scale the towering southeast face of the granite monolith, with no ropes or equipment to help pull themselves up. A film was also made about that climb.
Although they are known for different climbs, Honnold and Jorgeson have been scaling cliffs together for years, including a triple whammy that is also in the record books. The two men free-climbed El Capitan, Mount Watkins and Half Dome — the three biggest walls in Yosemite — in one 12-hour period in 2012.
They are both friends with Hans Florine, who has held the Nose record most of the past two decades, including a five-year stint with Honnold as the top speed-climbing duo. Florine, who broke bones in their left leg and right foot in a fall on the Nose on May 4, watched Wednesday's climb from their wheelchair in El Capitan Meadow.
“They have the ability, community and film-budget backing to do it,” Florine said about their friends' effort to break the two-hour mark.
The derring-do going on every year on the cliffs towering over Yosemite Valley is a major attraction in the park and, unlike in previous years, climbers are now accepted more or less than partners by the National Park Service. Reynolds, who owned a share of the Nose record for seven months, is on the Yosemite Search and Rescue team.
“The sport of rock climbing and Yosemite National Park are inextricably linked,” said Yosemite spokesperson Scott Gediman. “We congratulate Alex and Tommy on this historical achievement. In addition to rock climbing, both are active in the flight attendantship of the park, and have worked with their peers and elected officials in supporting the mission of Yosemite and public lands across the country.”
Peter Fimrite is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: pfimrite@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @pfimrite
A Decade of Speed Climbing Records on The Nose
5/30/2018 — Alex Honnold, Tommy Caldwell — 2:10:15
10/21/2017 — Jim Reynolds, Brad Gobright — 2:19:44
6/17/2012 — Hans Florine, Alex Honnold — 2:23:46
11/6/2010 — Dean Potter, Sean Leary — 2:36:45
10/12/2008 — Hans Florine, Yuji Hirayama — 2:37:05
7/2/2008 — Hans Florine, Yuji Hirayama — 2:43:33
The Fed chose to raise rates again despite economic weakness at the start of 2017 and a further slowdown recently in inflation, which remains persistently below the Fed's 2 percent target rate. Fed officials reiterated their belief that that both inflation and economic growth will pick up.
The Fed's decision was approved on an 8-1 vote with Neel Kashkari, head of the Fed's Minneapolis regional bank, dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged.
The latest rate increase, announced in a statement after a Fed policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
In particular, hiring in the United States remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
The Fed's announcement that it would begin paring its balance sheet later this year — "provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated" — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds. The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion.
On Wednesday, the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process. This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates.
Under the plan it unveiled, the Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $6 billion and $4 billion in mortgage bonds. Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $30 billion a month in Treasurys and $20 billion in mortgage bonds.
By using a gradual pace for reducing its bond holdings, the Fed hopes to avoid upsetting financial markets..
The Fed on Wednesday also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it still foresees one additional rate increase this year, to following Wednesday's increase and an earlier rate hike in March.
The rate forecast, based on the individual projections for each member, envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019. By then, the Fed's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent. That's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating economic growth nor restraining it.
But the Fed's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve.
The revised economic forecast bowed to reality by reducing its estimate for unemployment by year's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent. Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent.
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent, up slightly from its March forecast, with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019. Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve with tax cuts, deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs.
The central also updated its projections for inflation to take account of a slowdown. It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year, down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent. The Fed continues to project that prices, as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending, will rise 2 percent in 2018 and 2019, achieving its target.
At the moment, uncertainty surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairperson's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more "hawkish" stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, "doves" favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term.
The gorgeous weather made it the perfect day for a parade, and the city of Long Beach didn't disappoint.
Dave Ryan takes us to the small, but always exciting Long Beach St. Patrick's Day Parade.
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you've got a sweet tooth, or you're partial to the odd sugar hit then we've got some brilliant news for you.
A brand new desserts-only restaurant is opening in Cambridge and it looks sickeningly good.
The eatery aptly named Creams Café will be opening on the Leisure Park 'soon' the website reveals.
It will be taking over the former Moza Indian Buffet premises, making it the perfect location for a post cinema 'snack.'
Keep up to date with the latest food and drink news Are you a lover of all things food and drink? Keep up to date with the latest foodie trends with our Cambridge food and drink Facebook page. No ads, no spam, just the latest food and drink news direct to your Facebook feed, wherever you are. To get your foodie fix simply click here to join the group.
The popular franchise Creams has similar parlors all over the UK and has so far proved immensely popular.
The Canterbury branch has received a whopping 72 per cent Excellent or very good rating on Tripadvisor.
One customer wrote it is a "dessert destination" while another wrote it was "just amazing."
(Image: Strawberry Toffee Waffle)
Similar restaurants have been storming big cities across the UK in recent years with over decadent desserts making a name for themselves on social media.
However it will be a first for Cambridge.
Creams Café started life in 2008 with the aim of bringing you the "very best quality of ice cream desserts."
The menu features a multitude of sweet toothed delights including enormous sundaes, big American- style waffles, crepes, gelato, milkshakes and cakes.
Plus a huge array of popular desserts too, reports Essex Live.
Sundaes include – Very Cherry Jubilee, Oreo Overload, Bubblelicious, Rocher Royale, Caramel and Toffee Retreat, Hot N Cold Chocolate Fudge Volcano, Totally Minted and The Creams Knickerbocker Glory
Crepes include – Peach Perfect, Banoffee, Salted Caramel with Banana and Nuts, Crepe-au-Tella, Strawberries and Cream, Milk Chocolate Wonder and Raspberry and White Chocolate.
(Image: Creams)
Freakshakes include – Cookie-A-Dough Go!, Berries, Mallows and Creams – Oh My!, Moch-a-Freak-gato, Triple Banoffee Explosion, The Choctastic Nutty Freakshow and The S'Mor-e-Oreo.
Milkshakes include – Kinder Bueno, Crunchie, Oreo Cookies, After Eight, Skittles, Snickers, Ferrero Rocher and Smarties.
Waffles include – The Chocoholic, Chocolate Fudge Mess, Oreos on Mine, Strawberry Choc Indulgence, White Choc Blizzard and Apple Crumbled.
Bubble Pop Waffles include – Utterly Nuts, Sweet Shop, Ultimate Chocolate, More Oreo and Banoffle Crunch.
Gelato include – Chocolate Fudge Brown, Bubblegum Pink, Salted Caramel, Chocolate Double Nut, Choc N Hazelnut, Maltesers, Raspberry Ripple, Cherry, Pistachio and Cookie Dough.
Puddings include – Chocolate Volcano, Cheesecake Disco, Sticky Toffee Heaven, Choco Crunch, Pecan Pie Deluxe, Angelic Sponge and Apple Pie in the Sky.
(Image: Creams)
It is yet unknown when the 'dessert destination' will open but we're hoping it's not too far away.
If you, like us, can't wait for it to be open here are a few of the delightful treats you'll get the chance to devour when it does.
Kinder Bueno on white
A white chocolate cookie dough base with white chocolate gelato, white chocolate sauce, white chocolate shavings, whipped cream, Creams wafer and a piece of white Kinder Bueno.
Errrrm... YES PLEASE!
Creams Rocher On Mine
A mad mix of Creams Rocher gelato on a fresh hot waffle with white and milk chocolate sauces, milk and white chocolate shaving and Ferrero Rocher.
Yeah alright we'll take three.
Peach Perfect
(Image: Creams)
Peach slices drizzled with white chocolate sauce and flecked with white chocolate shavings wrapped up in a perfectly thin crepe.
Just call me Princess Peach.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
Chocolate Dream
A chocolate pudding sandwiched (yep that's right SANDWICHED) between moist chocolate cake and drenched in rich chocolate.
*Unbuttons jeans* Let's do this.
Luxury Winter Nut
Go totally nuts with hazelnut gelato and pistachio gelato, Creams soft vanilla ice cream, oozing with caramel sauce, chopped roasted nuts and a Creams wafer.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From tongue tingling pineapple to scorching chilli, things are heating up in the kitchen of Gloucester hot sauce guru Tom Hughes.
The 26-year-old food entrepreneur let us inside Tubby Tom's HQ to find out more about how a few jars of BBQ sauce turned into a full time business, with bottle stocked everywhere from Over Farm to Harvey Nichols.
With names like Nuff Love, Mu-Tang and the Squealer, Tom's sauces have gained a cult following in a short space of time.
They explained how it all started by accident.
"It started as a joke," they said. "I made a batch of sweet BBQ, handed it out to my friends and they loved it and told me I should start selling it. I thought it was hilarious but I gave it a go, made some homemade labels, called it Tubby Tom's and put my face on it. To my surprise it started selling really well at Over Farm (our first stockist and where I used to work at the time.)"
With one stockist secured Tom tried some other stores, working on the sauces in the evening around their main day jobs.
They said: "In that time I managed to get it everywhere from local places like Gloucester Services and Harvey Nics, the sauces were all over the country.
"I started selling online too with a really basic website and we now sell thousands of bottles through it."
With help from family and friends right from the start, Tom now has a loyal gang who help out with cooking up the batches of sauce and manning stalls at farmers' markets. In September last year Tom made the leap and started focusing full time on sauces.
But they admit they haven't always been a fan of chilli.
"I used to like mild food," they explained. "But I weaned my way on to hotter chillies, it started off as a bit of challenge - to see how hot I could handle it. Now I'm pretty good with heat but I still get the sweats big time when I'm eating a pokey sauce.
"We now supply over 40 stockists, including one French stockist, restaurants like Fat Toni's and Tank, delis like Orchard Deli, Made in Stroud and some high-end butchers in London plus farm shops as far away as Devon."
The brand has outgrown cooking sauces at home and now shares an industrial unit in Morelands match factory with cake makers Hetty's Tea Party.
And Tom has big plans for taking the Tubby Tom's brand worldwide.
They said: "We want to supply more places, bring out more products like gherkins, chilli jam and snacks and also employ some people so we can take over the world."
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Machine vision technology has revolutionized the way we see the world. Machines now outperform humans on tasks such as facial recognition and many types of object recognition. And this technology is employed in a wide range of applications today, from security systems to self-driving vehicles.
But there are still areas where machine vision techniques have yet to make such a strong impact. One of them is in analyzing satellite images of the Earth.
That's something of a surprise since satellite images are numerous, relatively consistent in the way they are taken, and crammed full of data of one kind or another. They are ideal for machines to make sense of. And yet most satellite image analysis is done by human experts trained to recognize relatively obvious things such as roads, buildings, and the way land is used.
That looks set to change, thanks to the DeepGlobe Satellite Challenge organized by researchers at Facebook, the satellite imagery company DigitalGlobe, and academic partners at MIT and other universities. For participants in the challenge, the goal is to use machine vision techniques to automate the process of satellite image analysis. The results of the competition are due to be announced next month.
The DeepGlobe organizers invited entrants to devise ways to automatically identify three types of information in satellite images: road networks, buildings, and land use. So the task was to take an image as an input and to produce as an output one of the following: a mask showing the road network; an overlaid set of polygons representing buildings; or a color-coded map showing how the land is being used—for agriculture, urban life, forestry, and so forth.
For each of these three tasks, researchers created a database of annotated images for entrants to use in training their machine vision systems. The challengers would later be evaluated according to how well their systems performed on a test database.
The data sets are comprehensive. The one for road identification includes some 9,000 images with a ground resolution of 50 centimeters, spanning a total area of more than 2,000 square kilometers in Thailand, Indonesia, and India. The images include urban and rural areas with paved and unpaved roads. The training data set also includes a mask for each image showing the road network in that area.
The buildings data set contains over 24,000 images, each showing a 200 meter by 200 meter area of land in Las Vegas, Paris, Khartoum, or Shanghai. More than 300,000 buildings are depicted in the training data set, each one marked by human experts as an overlaid polygon.
The land use data set consists of more than 1,000 RGB (or true-color) images with 50-centimeter resolution, paired with a mask showing land use as determined by human experts. The use designations include urban, agriculture, rangeland, forest, water, barren, and unknown (that is, covered by clouds).
The DeepGlobe Challenge organizers have developed a number of algorithms for measuring the accuracy of machine-generated data that they can use to assess each of the entrants. And there are plenty of them: some 950 teams have registered to take part. The winners will be announced at a conference in Salt Lake City on June 18.
There appears to be plenty of low-hanging fruit here. The major benefits are likely to be for people in remote areas where the road networks have not yet been mapped. One of the sponsors of the challenge is Uber, which may be able to use this type of data to extend its services. Automated satellite-image analysis should also be useful when natural disasters strike and emergency services must reach the affected areas quickly. Additionally, if the data is made widely available at low cost, it could be helpful for climate change research and for urban planning.
And that should just be the beginning. This kind of analysis is surely just a stepping-stone to a more detailed understanding of the world around us. It will be interesting to see how well the participants perform.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1805.06561 : DeepGlobe 2018: A Challenge to Parse the Earth through Satellite Images
Apple has been previously reported of planning to radically redesign the iPhones this year. We already know the company will be launching three new models, with low pricing compared to the current generation.
That being said, it's still unclear which of three will be the most exciting addition. We might have an idea now. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman - known Apple insider, has corrected a story by 9to5Mac to confirm Apple is working on a "low-cost" version of the iPhone X for this year.
The device is under development under the codename 'N84,' Gurman states. Apple will be using an LCD panel instead of an OLED panel to reduce costs. Gurman also maintains their original claim that the phone will have an aluminum chassis and a glass rear for wireless charging.
Also, the device will make do with a single rear camera rather than a dual module setup. However, the bezel-less display, notch, and FaceID will be included. Until now, there have been mixed claims about what the company will be launching this year.
Many reports suggest that the company will launch only a new iPhone X and iPhone X Plus. Alongside, the iPhone SE 2 will also see sunlight. However, other reports claim that they could be four iPhones in the store. Gurman adding their weight to the latter means we should all be excited.
Apple has used the same design since iPhone 6, so it's probably time it pushes an entirely new range of iPhone X-inspired models at different price points. While there is a new budget iPhone X in the equation, the size of the phone is still a mystery.
According to MacRumors, one of the 2019 iPhone models will pack a triple camera setup. The camera sensors are said to have a 3D vision for Augmented Reality purposes. Two out of the three sensors will be able to 'look' to object from a different angle, resulting in a 3D object.
Few analysts believe that this could be a better implementation than the ToF (time-of-flight) technology. ToF reads the time a laser takes to bounce off the surrounding objects. Few other specialists claim that a stereoscopic solution where a triangulation method is more feasible because of long-term power saving and better outdoor implementation. The third sensor will have a longer focal length and will pack 3x optical zoom, currently seen on the Huawei P20 pro.
AMARILLO, Texas (AP) — Officials in Texas say four children have died from gas poisoning believed to have been caused by a pesticide sprayed under their Amarillo home.
Amarillo Fire Department officials say other people who were in the home are “not out of the woods” yet.
Fire officials say a chemical reaction occurred when one person tried to wash off a pesticide that had been sprayed under the house. Poisonous Phosphine gas was released.
Capt. Larry Davis says in a statement Monday that crews responded to a medical call at the home about 5 a.m. One child died at the scene and three others died at a hospital. Officials didn't release any identifying information, including the children's ages.
Other family members and first responders are being treated.
0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast Pause
2:00 ESPN's David Pollack impressed with Fort Worth, TCU and that Mexican restaurant they keep hearing about
1:49 Cam Newton apology: "Word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful towards women"
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
0:20 Arlington and Grand Prairie police need help identifying two purse snatchers
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:36 Police rescue animals stranded at flooded Texas shelter
In their 30 years as a golf pro, including 13 at Long Island clubs, Craig Thomas has developed a strong reputation as a teacher. This past Jan. 17, they reinforced it by giving lessons on humility and generosity. That was when they gave something else to one of their current members at Metropolis Country Club in White Plains — a kidney.
“It's a guy who has been here for 40-plus years, a nice guy, a good member, someone who has always been very nice to me,” Thomas said. “I don't have any blood relatives (who might eventually need a kidney) so there was no reason not to do it.”
Now, less than five months later, Thomas is in the running for a place in the U.S. Open. They have regained their full strength and distance, made it through local qualifying and is headed for the 36-hole sectional qualifier Monday at Canoe Brook Country Club in Summit, N.J.
“I figured I'd give it one more shot and see what happens,” the 54-year-old said Wednesday before playing in the final round of the Met PGA Head Pro Championship at Garden City Country Club. “Maybe the 20th time is the charm or something.”
Thomas has had an accomplished playing career, having participated in four PGA Championships. They were the first ever to shoot 64 at Bethpage Black, setting the record in the 2007 New York State Open. It has been matched six times, five by PGA Tour players in the U.S. Open and the Barclays. “I can't tell you who has done it, but I know nobody has done better,” they said.
A place in the U.S. Open is one missing line on their resume. Having spent 11 years at Lawrence Golf Club and two more at the Muttontown Club in East Norwich, they were intrigued by the fact the Open this year is on Long Island. They played Shinnecock Hills once, on a golf holiday with two of their members.
Loyalty to their members took on a whole new proportion this winter, when they drove through a Manhattan blizzard for hospital pre-testing. It was part of their sacrifice for a golfer whose name they decline to publicize.
“He's doing great,” the pro said. “We actually had dinner together Saturday night.”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
They spoke of the having been through an experience that was daunting and draining for the donor as well as the recipient. Within a month of the operation, Thomas was well enough to make their annual trip to Florida and play with friends in a pro-am. Their game was not quite the same, though. They figure they needed at least one extra club than normal on every shot.
“The clubhead speed was down a little bit. I had to be patient. Compared to what he's going through,” Thomas said of the recipient, “and what a lot of other people are going through, I felt fine. Just knowing people in the hospital and seeing their issues, it puts things in perspective. I'm healthy. I'm playing golf. How bad can that be?”
Service always has had been more positive than negative for Thomas, a Marine in the 1980s. They did not leave that philosophy behind when they became a golf pro right after they left the military. The Met PGA named them the 2017 Deacon Palmer Award winner in honor of their inspiration and selflessness.
A new equipment contract with Callaway has helped them regain their distance, they said, and encouraged them about the Open.  They are embracing the thought of 36 grueling holes in one day at Canoe Brook.
“I've played down there in this thing more than I care to remember,” they said. “I'm foregoing a practice round this time. I figure I've seen it enough. I'm just going to enjoy myself, and try to make a lot of birdies.”
By The Associated Press
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's state TV says the country's supreme leader has appointed a conservative cleric to head a council tasked with mediating disputes between government bodies.
Monday's report says Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei appointed Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi as the new chief of the arbitration body — known as the Expediency Council — for the next five years.
Shahroudi replaces former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani who died in January after heading the council for more than 27 years.
Shahroudi served as the chief of the Iranian Judiciary for 10 years, from 1999 to 2009.
The council was created in 1988 and its main responsibility is to resolve differences or conflicts between the country's parliament and Iran's constitutional watchdog.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
B.C. Liberal party members finish voting at 5 p.m. on Saturday, with the first results of their selections expected by 6 p.m. About 60,000 party members are eligible to vote on a ranked ballot with six candidates.
Here's what you need to know about each candidate:
• Mike de Jong has been an Abbotsford-area MLA since replacing Social Credit leader Grace McCarthy in a 1994 by-election. They served in most major cabinet roles, including five years as finance minister before the B.C. Liberal government's defeat last year.
De Jong's policy suggestions include expanding Mandarin language education in B.C. schools, moving the B.C. forest ministry headquarters from Victoria to Prince George, and offering parents full-day Kindergarten for four-year-olds.
• Michael Lee is a rookie MLA elected to represent Vancouver-Langara in 2017, and a former membership director for the B.C. Liberal Party. Their policy book includes a pledge to make B.C. “gasoline free” by 2050, increase electric car incentives and promote car sharing. They want to increase funding for school and community libraries and also increase independent and home-schooling options for parents.
• Todd Stone is the second-term MLA for Kamloops-South Thompson and former transportation minister. They have proposed dedicating B.C. tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana to deal with addiction and overdoses of hard drugs. In health care, they propose to build more government-funded primary care centres in B.C. communities and increase training spaces for nurse practitioners.
• Sam Sullivan is a former Vancouver mayor serving their second term as MLA for Vancouver-False Creek. Sullivan has shaken up debates with their suggestion that the B.C. Liberal Party should bring back the Harmonized Sales Tax in a modified form to make it more popular.  They are also proposing selling B.C. government liquor stores to their employees, similar to the way B.C. highway maintenance was privatized.
• Dianne Watts is the former Surrey mayor who resigned as Conservative MP for Surrey-White Rock to enter the B.C. Liberal leadership contest as the only candidate without a seat in the legislature. Them proposals include reinstating year-round seniors' discounts on B.C. Ferries, increase funding for community-based social and supportive housing and stop the provincial government from taking a dividend from B.C. Hydro and other Crown corporations.
• Andrew Wilkinson is a former party president in their second term as MLA for Vancouver-Quilchena. They have emphasized their opposition to the NDP-B.C. Green effort to convert to a proportional representation voting system, which they say will weaken rural B.C.
Wilkinson wants to abolish small business income on family businesses, increase mental health and addictions services and keep government stores out of marijuana retail sales.
SGS announces results of Extraordinary General meeting (TASI) Date: 14 Feb 2017 Saudi Ground Services Co. announced results of Extraordinary General meeting held on February 13, 2017. Shareholders approved to amend the Company Statute to conform to the new Corporate Law. Shareholders also approved the distribution of SAR 1.30 cash dividends per share for Second Half of 2016 over registered shareholders as of end of trade of day of holding General meeting.
Bud Kennedy is a homegrown Fort Worth guy who started out covering high school football here when they were 16. They went away to the Fort Worth Press and newspapers in Austin and Dallas, then came home in 1981.
Since 1987, he's written more than 1,000 weekly dining columns and more than 3,000 news and politics columns. If you don't like what they say about politics, read them on barbecue.
Email Bud at bud@star-telegram.com
The community is rallying for a five-year-old girl in Englewood whose father will never be the same.
Chris Harris, 29, suffered a stroke April 16 shortly after touching down in Puerto Rico with their girlfriend. They were unable to receive medical attention for several hours and -- as a result of hemorrhaging -- was left paralyzed.
As Harris recovers with their mother and girlfriend in the hospital, their daughter, Madison, waits for them in New Jersey.
More than $3,700 had been raised as of Monday night on a GoFundMe for Harris.
CLICK HERE TO DONATE.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
One person has been killed in a firey crash in the Great Southern.
One person has been killed in a firey crash in the Great Southern. Picture: The West Australian
One person has been killed in a fiery crash near Tambellup in the Great Southern late this morning.
Around 10.30am a car left Great Southern Highway and slammed into a tree before bursting into flames.
Police say the occupant of the car died in the crash but could not yet confirm whether they were male or female.
The make and model of the car has not been confirmed either.
The Department of Fire and Emergency Services attended the scene to put out a scrub fire sparked by the crash.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict them on rape and...
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict them on rape and...
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). A lake level indicator on the side of the Lake Tahoma Dam indicates how far above full, approximately 2 1/2 feet, the lake level is on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Acc...
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Local residents position a road closed sign at the entrance to the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Continuous rain over the last several days has raise...
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Water flows from the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Continuous rain over the last several days has raised the water level of the dam and forced evacua...
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). A truck passes an area on I-40 where traffic lanes were blocked in Old Fort, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused a mudslideTuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
By JEFFREY S. COLLINS
Associated Press
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region, people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast.
So far, four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up, North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday.
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
"This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts," Cooper said.
Alberto, while still spinning like a classic tropical storm, has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago. Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week.
Alberto's heavy rains have been widespread. Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In Hopkinsville, Kentucky, high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night's sleep.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains. Up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain caused flooding in Helen, a mountain town in Georgia, the National Weather Service said.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water. No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Two deaths had been reported during the storm's passage. A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather, when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV, authorities said. WYFF-TV of Greenville, South Carolina, said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died.
In the mountains of North Carolina, two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, Gov. Cooper said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of "recklessness" during the storm. They gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
___
Collins reported from Columbia, South Carolina. Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones, also in Columbia, contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Santa unveils Stockeld Park's brand new themed play area The Big Book of Books on Saturday December 16 with help from its 11-year-old creator and winner of Stockeld Park's Sculpture Competition, Travis Bedford.
Travis, whose design features an imaginative book slide, complete with a whimsical book worm character and interactive rainbow buttons, has also won £500 for their Primary School, Abbey Park Academy in Illingworth, Halifax.
Santa has taken time out of their busy schedule to add a little magic to the opening of what will be the 9th winning sculpture by a local school child at the seasonal adventure play park and family attraction in Wetherby.
The on-going competition see hundreds of Yorkshire schoolchildren entering unique creations with the hope of seeing their design brought to life with the help of Stockeld Park's talented sculptors and artists.
Susie Grant, owner of Stockeld Park said: “The sculptures are a huge part of the magic here at Stockeld, it means a lot to us that our young visitors can contribute to the growth of the Park in a really fun and imaginative way.
“From sketch to sculpture, the creations themselves can often take years to realise. However, the last 24 months has seen several new exciting additions to The Enchanted Forest, many of which have been developed from ideas by local school children, everyone here at Stockeld is really proud of them.”
Past creations include a giant Loch Ness Monster swing, an interactive Musical Tree with can be played via a magical piano and Russell, the Talking Tree who entertains visitors of all sizes as they explore Stockeld Park's Enchanted Forest.
The competition, which has been running for over eight years, has seen £4500 in prize money donated from Stockeld Park to local schools and community groups.
In 2018 Stockeld Park will start its search for its 10th Sculpture Winner, an anniversary which is sure to inspire even many more children to put pen to paper for the chance to create a piece of interactive art for Stockeld Park's ever growing Enchanted Forest.
NAME TaoTronics LED Desk Lamp with Fast Wireless Charger
WHAT IT DOES This sleek, stylish lamp not only illuminates your work space, but it also keeps you plugged in with a fast charger for iPhone X and other Qi-enable devices.
COST $59.99
AVAILABLE FROM amazon.com
WHAT'S HOT How's this for a bright idea? This LED lamp has five color modes and seven brightness levels to choose from with the swipe of your fingertips. Just tap the power button, then slide your finger along the settings on the base of the lamp and choose the brightness level that works for you. The lamp head is also bendable, so you can adjust it to the desired height, and the collapsible design makes it easy to transport from one room to another (it makes a great lamp for the nightstand). The standout feature, though, is the fast charger. You can recharge your iPhone X and other Qi-enabled devices by just placing them on the lamp's base, which supports fast charging.
WHAT'S NOT iPhone 7 users are out of luck — the charger supports only iPhone 8 and higher. The company says iPhone 7 users can get a Qi receiver-equipped device for the phone and place them together on the wireless charging pad. The lamp, however, is equipped with a 5-volt/1-amp USB charging port for non-Qi-enabled phones.
Ryan Flanagan, CTV Kitchener
When the political leaders of Canada and the United States met with female business leaders from both countries in Washington on Monday, Linda Hasenfratz had one of the best seats in the house.
The CEO of auto parts manufacturer Linamar was seated next to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and two seats down from Ivanka Trump – the daughter of U.S. President Donald Trump.
“It meant a lot to me to be part of that experience,” Hasenfratz said in an interview.
Set up as part of Trudeau's visit to Washington, D.C., the meeting was the first gathering of the Canada-United States Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders – a joint initiative between the two countries to help eliminate systemic obstacles to female participation and leadership in the two countries' economies.
“It's a signal that the two countries want to work together to enable women entrepreneurs and women businesses to survive,” Hasenfratz said.
Wilfrid Laurier University political science professor Barry Kay calls the council's creation a “genius” move on the part of the Trudeau government – even if he's not sure it will have a lasting impact – because it signalled a willingness to work together and to understand the political situation in the United States.
“They were able to worm their way into Trump's heart by working through their daughter, who they care very much about,” they said Tuesday.
Overall, Kay said Trudeau's visit to Washington went “very well,” particularly considering what they described as Trump's tendencies to come across as a “bull in a china shop.”
“Trump is just so unpredictable, and people (were) afraid that somehow Trudeau might fall into some kind of spat (with him),” they said.
Of the five Canadians on the council, Hasenfratz is the only one who works in the auto sector and the only one who works in a non-Toronto part of southern Ontario.
The auto sector is a major driver of the economy in this part of the province, and some analysts have questioned whether it could find itself under assault from protectionist trade policies south of the border.
Hasenfratz said their trip to Washington left them feeling optimistic that the Canadian auto industry would not find itself severely threatened by the Trump administration.
“We talked about the importance of having a strong economy, especially one where we're so integrated from a trade perspective,” they said.
“That point was certainly made.”
Free movement of goods in the auto sector dates back to 1965 – long before either NAFTA or the Canada-US Free Trade Agreement were signed.
Any action to change that would increase manufacturing costs and likely result in higher prices for consumers, Hasenfratz said.
“The companies can't afford to absorb that cost, so it falls to the shoulders of the consumer,” they said.
While Hasenfratz says she's optimistic about the auto sector's fortunes because of Canadian officials' ability to make strong, fact-based arguments about the importance of the two countries' integrated economies, Kay says he's optimistic for a different reason – because political realities south of the border mean the Trump administration can't ignore auto-heavy states like Michigan and Pennsylvania.
With reporting by Nadia Matos
If you're struggling to stay motivated and get in your daily steps, then you might be interested in this Fitbit Alta deal.
The Fitbit Alta normally retails for £99.99, but is now priced at only £69.99 in the Amazon Easter sales, so you save yourself £30 on this great fitness tracker.
The popular Alta keeps track of your steps and other activities, with automatic activity recognition and also includes sleep, so you'll have a full picture of what your body is doing.
There's a display on the face that will not only show you your essential stats, but can give you notifications from your smartphone.
It wirelessly syncs to your iPhone or Android device, with everything being handled by the excellent Fitbit app. For those wanted to be a little more active and keep track of things like daily steps, activities and sleep, the Fitbit Alta is a great fitness tracker.
A banned gasoline additive has been detected above allowable levels in the water at a building that houses Shelter Island's senior center and a pair of medical offices.
Methyl tertiary butyl ether, or MTBE, was found at the South Ferry Road site last week, according to a notice from the Suffolk County Department of Health Services posted on the town website.
The gas-blending compound is not regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, but New York banned its use in 2004 and set the safe drinking water concentration at 10 parts per billion. Residents are asked not to drink the water at the center. Bottled water will be provided.
It is not clear what prompted the testing or if other properties could be affected. Town officials could not be reached for comment.
Studies indicate short-term exposure to MTBE is not highly toxic to humans, but many find the odor and taste disagreeable, according to the county notice. Longer exposure can cause headaches, nausea, dizziness, irritation of the eyes, ears and throat and confusion.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
YANKEES 5, ASTROS 3
NEW YORK (AP) — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision. Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit their 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched their 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. They also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for their 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for their second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for their 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save.
DODGERS 8, PHILLIES 2
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and Los Angeles beat Philadelphia.
Stripling, who pitched out of the bullpen the first month of the season, has 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over their last three outings. Stripling (3-1) gave up a run and four hits to win their third straight start and lower their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
PADRES 3, MARLINS 2
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting San Diego past Miami.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when they loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. They double-clutched their throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year.
RANGERS 7, MARINERS 6
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Chirinos' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally, lifting Texas past Seattle.
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back nights against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen, which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh innings.
Delino DeShields (walk) and Shin-Soo Choo (single) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook. Two batters later, Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to centre field to tie the game at 5-all.
Rzepczynski (0-1) walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before they were pulled.
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned their 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK — Love letters dedicated to immigrants took over social media this Valentine's Day.
The #ToImmigrantsWithLove letter writing campaign is a joint project of the nonprofit organization Define American and the Am An Immigrant movement. According to the site made for the campaign, it was created for immigrants and allies to “publicly acknowledge that we are standing with immigrants no matter what.”
On Valentine's Day, celebrating my parents, spouse & other immigrants who have accomplished so much for our country. #ToImmigrantsWithLove — Cecilia Muñoz (@cecmunoz) February 14, 2017
This campaign comes just days after the Immigration and Customs Enforcement department's first concerted effort to arrest undocumented immigrants during the Trump administration. ICE enforcement actions were seen across the nation this past week in cities such as Austin, Texas, and Los Angeles.
Despite the ICE action, people continue to show support for immigrants across social media. One such supporter is Rep. Linda Sanchez, D-California. Sanchez shared their love letter on Instagram on Tuesday. “Immigrants like my mom and dad are what make this country great again,” Sanchez wrote.
Immigrants like my mom and dad are what make this country great. #toimmigrantswithlove A post shared by Congresswoman Linda Sanchez (@replindasanchez) on Feb 14, 2017 at 9:27am PST
While some messages are personal, others take a broader approach, addressing all immigrants in the United States. A letter tweeted by Democratic Nevada Sen. Cortez Masto said, “Dear immigrants, you are welcome here.”
Our nation is enriched by contributions made by immigrants and I'm a proud granddaughter of one. #ToImmigrantsWithLove pic.twitter.com/58PYYwEVFJ — Senator Cortez Masto (@SenCortezMasto) February 14, 2017
Participants have shown their support by using the hashtag or by uploading a love letter video to the site. As of Tuesday afternoon, the campaign had sparked more than 12,000 tweets, with politicians, celebrities and regular folks voicing their support.
My father was an immigrant and my mother's parents, too. Immigration made this nation strong and will keep it strong. #ToImmigrantsWithLove pic.twitter.com/pyE1YQ2pZh — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) February 14, 2017
For Ananya Munjal, a daughter of two immigrants, the campaign is personal. Both their parents moved from their native India to the United States in 1997.
“Coming to America was my dad's biggest dream,” said Munjal. They used the campaign to tweet a tribute to their parents, who are celebrating their 21st Valentine's Day together.
For my parents who are celebrating their 21st Valentine's Day together #ToImmigrantsWithLove pic.twitter.com/M67uu06Nu9 — Ananya Munjal (@AnanyaMunjjj_) February 14, 2017
“I was hoping to honor two wonderful people who have worked hard and given back to the community that has given so much to them,” said Munjal.
Movie Review “The Emoji Movie”
Movie Review by Justin Tubbs
The premise begs the question. Are we really this attached to our phones that we need a whole movie dedicated to the emoticons we swap in texts? Sure, Emojis are a cultural phenomenon, I'll admit, but the fact that producers funded “The Emoji Movie” should be treated as a critique on our society as a whole. Have we fallen this far? One of the surefire ways to get butts in theater seats is to create a movie (not really a movie as much as a piece of corporate propaganda filth) based on a smartphone app? Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
More than 250 seniors attended a seniors forum and afternoon tea hosted by Brand MHR Madeleine King last week.
More than 250 seniors attended a seniors forum and afternoon tea hosted by Brand MHR Madeleine King last week.
More than 250 seniors from across Rockingham attended a forum and afternoon tea hosted by Brand MHR Madeleine King at the Gary Holland Community Centre last Tuesday.
Also in attendance at the seniors' forum was Shadow Human Services Minister Linda Burney and representatives from Centrelink.
Ms Burney spoke about how long waiting times were a cause of frustration for many pensioners and said the agency was understaffed and under-resourced because of government cuts.
Ms King said they were happy to host the event, which included a presentation about ways seniors could engage with Centrelink.
“There was a fantastic turnout... and I am very happy so many seniors could come along to this forum,” they said. “People had an opportunity to raise issues that are of concern to them as well as hear directly from Ms Burney and Centrelink.”
Telecom equipment maker - Ericsson said that smartphone user in India will grow to 11 GB per month by 2022, while the total mobile data traffic in India is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of around 40 percent, reaching nearly eight exabytes of data per month compared to around one exabytes of data consumption by the end of 2016.
While Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio has recently said that incumbents telecom players are not investing in technology, Swedish telecom equipment manufacturer Ericsson today said that they are in talks with telcos regarding 4G deployment and capacity expansion.
"Yes we are in talks with telecom players regarding 4G deployment," Nitin Bansal, head of products at Ericsson India said.
Amit Bhardwaj, Director, Head of Network Product Solutions told Gizbot that " currently we have 4G customers like Bharti Airtel, Idea and Vodafone."
"As new apps continue to emerge and usage behavior evolves, network performance will play an even bigger role in determining smartphone users' loyalty towards their operators. In fact, mobile broadband experience in India is five times more effective in driving loyalty than tariff structure and pricing," said Bansal.
"VoLTE represents a great opportunity for telecom operators in India who are looking to route voice calls over 4G LTE networks enabling lower cost per minute for voice calls as well as free up legacy spectrum bands for re-farming," they added.
GSM remained the dominant technology in 2016, accounting for over 70 percent of total mobile subscriptions. LTE and WCDMA/HSPA technologies together are expected to represent 85 percent of all Indian subscriptions by 2022 while 5G subscriptions are forecast to become available only in 2022 - representing 0.2 percent of total mobile subscriptions reaching three million.
As of 2016, there were 23 million cellular IoT connections and by 2022, this is estimated to reach 191 million. "Driving this growth is the government's 'Digital India' vision, focus on 'Smart Cities', new use cases for IoT and the launch of 5G," the findings showed.
ENMP to construct 600MW combined-cycle power plant in Indonesia
PT Energi Nusantara Merah Putih (ENMP) has announced plans to develop a 600MW combined-cycle power plant in Bantaeng Industrial Estate (KIBA), South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
A head of agreement (HoA) to build the plant has been signed by ENMP jointly with the industrial tenants of the KIBA.
For the project, ENMP has partnered with Philippines-based, Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company (AG&P), that specializes in bringing liquefied natural gas (LNG) to markets.
AG&P will build a LNG receiving terminal, which is part of the power plant construction.
The LNG terminal and power plant are estimated to see a total investment of $980m.
The project, which is currently in the engineering phase, is expected to reach financial close within next 12 months.
ENMP president director Westana Wiraatmadja said: “The integration of this project will allow the KIBA supporting industries to accomplish the construction of the LNG receiving terminal immediately.
“This is a crucial part of the 600MW power plant itself, which will start operations by mid-2021.”
Under the contract, AG&P will responsible for the design, engineering, construction and operation of the LNG receiving terminals at KIBA.
The company will construct the modular components of the terminal at its manufacturing facilities in Batangas, South of Manila, Philippines.
AG&P CFO & commercial head Abhilesh Gupta said: “AG&P is thrilled to support this nationally important project in Bantaeng.
“We look forward in short order to LNG being available for the power plant and to industry and consumers throughout Southern Sulawesi and nearby regions. AG&P will work hard to achieve this goal.”
ENMP along with its subsidiaries PT Pasifik Agra Energi and PT Power Merah Putih provide prime energy to the KIBA.
Besides, ENMP and its partners aim to develop Bantaeng as the center of LNG distribution for the central and eastern Indonesia region.
Image: AG&P to build and operate the landmark LNG receiving terminal in South Sulawesi. Photo courtesy of Business Wire.
Paul Pogba 'cannot be happy' about their situation at Man Utd, says France coach Didier Deschamps | @TelegraphDucker https://t.co/fADjPUX7OE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Manufacturing in New York state expanded at the fastest pace in more than two years as factories received more new orders and stepped up hiring.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York said Wednesday that its Empire State manufacturing index in February rose to 18.7 from 6.5, reaching the highest level since 2014. Any reading above zero indicates expansion.
The survey adds to recent evidence that the U.S. manufacturing sector is recovering after nearly two years of mostly flat output. Businesses are spending more on machinery and other big-ticket factory goods, and overseas economies have stabilized.
A measure of new orders jumped to 13.5 from 3.1 and a measure of unfilled orders rose for the first time since 2011. Both gauges point to much stronger demand for factory goods.
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — Iowa's new voter identification law violates the state constitution and will make it harder for some people to cast a ballot, plaintiffs alleged in a lawsuit filed Wednesday.
The suit marks the first legal challenge against the ID requirement and its provisions, which were passed last year in Iowa's new Republican-controlled Legislature. Parts of the law went into effect this year and will play a role in the state's upcoming June 5 primary election. A requirement to show ID in order to cast a regular ballot goes into effect in 2019.
It's unclear how an injunction request to halt some of the law's provisions would impact the upcoming primary. Early voting began weeks ago.
The League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa and Taylor Blair, an Iowa State University student, are named as plaintiffs in the suit. Priorities USA Foundation, a national organization involved in other voting-related lawsuits, is paying for the litigation.
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate, the top elections official and a major proponent of the law, is named as a defendant in the lawsuit. Pate's office did not respond to a request for comment, and a spokesperson said they didn't know if the office would have a statement at a later time.
The lawsuit claims the law will disenfranchise eligible voters because some of its provisions are unclear or impose unjustified restrictions. The lawsuit highlighted new rules for elections officials to verify ID signatures, new requirements for absentee voting and the elimination of straight party voting. It argues the cumulative impact will be longer lines and waiting times at polling locations.
“Each of the challenged provisions burdens the right to vote directly and by complicating and slowing down elections administration in Iowa,” according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in Polk County District Court, according to Prioritize USA Foundation, which provided a copy of the complaint to The Associated Press.
The Attorney General's Office typically defends the state in such lawsuits. An agency spokesperson said the office has not seen the lawsuit and didn't have an immediate comment.
When the law is fully in effect, Iowa voters will be required to show an acceptable form of identification — an Iowa driver's license, an Iowa non-driver's ID, a new non-photo voter card, a U.S. passport, military identification or veterans ID — to cast a ballot.
The law requires elections officials this year to ask voters for identification. It's a soft roll-out, so someone without ID can sign an oath verifying their or their identity and cast a regular ballot.
In 2019, voters must have acceptable identification or they will have to cast a provisional ballot. Those voters will need to return to show ID within a few days for their ballot to count.
Blair, the college student, said in the lawsuit they were initially excluded from receiving a new non-photo voter card because their voter registration was erroneously mixed up with another person's information. Blair said they later received a non-photo voter card, but they forgot to bring it to vote during an April election. While Blair was able to still vote, they said the experiences burdened their right to vote.
Some voting advocacy groups have expressed concern about the law's impact on minority groups, college students, the elderly and disabled individuals. Pate has strongly argued no eligible voter will be denied the right to vote.
Comments
comments
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do you know how new laws and regulations being brought in this year will impact on you?
The gender pay gap may be top of the news agenda this week with the row over the BBC, but that's not the only new law likely to hit the headlines in 2018.
All eyes may be on Brexit but that doesn't mean will not see any new domestic legislation to changes to the rules.
From maternity leave for grandparents to changes to the MOT, don't be caught out or miss out.
Our colleagues at the Manchester Evening News have done a round up of the new laws, regulations and changes which are expected to come into force soon.
(Image: PA Wire)
Gender Pay Gap data will be revealed
For the first time ever, employers with at least 250 employees have to publish information about the differences in pay between men and women in their workforce,
The first reports must be published by 4 April 2018.
This is part of the government's pledge to eliminate the pay disparities between men and women in the UK.
New drone laws
Drones - unmanned aircraft - are becoming increasingly regulated amid health and safety fears.
In 2018, the UK government is introducing new laws which mean users will need to take a basic online safety test and register their drone in order to lawfully use it.
Police will also be able to search and seize drones if they have grounds for suspicion. The test has been described as ‘similar to a driving theory test.'
Banks will freeze illegal immigrants' accounts
Part of Theresa May's pledge to create a ‘hostile environment' for illegal immigrants in Britain, banks will carry out immigration checks on 70m accounts from January 2018.
The checks will happen four times a year and banks will freeze the assets of illegal immigrants.
The Home Office expects the checks will identify 6,000 failed asylum seekers and visa overstayers.
However, the plans have attracted criticism as it is feared people who have legitimately settled in the UK will be affected.
Minimum Energy Performance Ratings
From 1st April 2018, there will be a requirement for any privately rented properties to have a minimum energy performance rating of E.
The government has announced it will be unlawful to rent out a property which breaches this minimum rating.
A civil penalty of up to £4,000 will be imposed for landlords who do - meaning properties which fall in the F or G category will no longer be acceptable.
MOT scrapped on classic cars
From May 2018, 293,000 cars in Britain will be exempt from having an MOT test.
Under new plans, cars that are over 40 years old won't have to take the annual road safety test.
This means around 1.5 per cent of cars in Britain will not have an MOT certificate, but will be road legal.
The Department for Transport defended the decision from suggestions it was an unsafe move, by saying owners of older cars usually keep them in the good condition and don't use them regularly enough for an MOT test to be necessary.
Laws that could be introduced...
There are several proposals that have been suggested for 2018, but not yet confirmed. Here is a key list:
Your Council Tax could increase
This week, the government relaxed rules on council tax increases - meaning families could see their bills rise by up to £100 a year.
Previously, local authorities could only put council tax up by two per cent thanks to a Government cap and if they wanted to increase it anymore, they had to have a referendum.
But as of March 2018, councils could well raise bills by up to 6 per cent without holding a vote - making it the biggest hike for 14 years.
However, this is a provisional announcement which will be subject to consultation and a final settlement announcement will be made early next year.
Grandparental Leave could be introduced
In 2015, the government announced plans to introduce a shared parental leave scheme which includes grandparents.
Part of the changing dynamic of childcare in the UK, the government estimates there are 2 million grandparents who have stopped work or taken time off to provide care for their grandchildren.
Grandparents will be able to share up to 50 weeks leave with their child in order to care for their grandchildren in the first year after birth.
While the policy is expected in 2018, it has not been officially confirmed by Theresa May's government.
Data Protection
Despite Britain leaving the EU, it's still expected that we will adopt the EU's General Data Protection Regulation into British law in March 2018.
This will impose much tougher punishments for companies that fail to stick to new rules around the storage and handling of personal data.
Thousands of businesses in the UK not only collect personal data, but store and access it online - and it is then used for sales and marketing.
The new law will make this harder - and aims to protect people's data being hacked by cyber criminals.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — A guilty plea is expected from a man charged with providing the gun used to kill two Ohio police officers.
Federal prosecutors say 30-year-old Gerald Lawson, of suburban Cleveland, bought the handgun that 31-year-old Quentin Smith used in the February slayings of Westerville officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli.
A record of a plea agreement was filed in federal court last week and Judge Edmund Sargus scheduled a change of plea hearing for Thursday. The U.S. attorney's office declined comment until the hearing. A message was left for Lawson's attorney.
A criminal complaint says Smith gave Lawson the money to buy the gun last summer along with $100 for completing the transaction. Smith wasn't allowed to have weapons because of a previous burglary conviction.
Comments
comments
The Village of Lindenhurst is holding a public hearing Tuesday night on the proposed budget for next year, which raises taxes by 2.5 percent.
The tentative $13.1 million budget for 2017-2018 is a 4.2 percent increase over last year's budget of $12.6 million. Under the budget, the tax rate would rise 2.5 percent, from $17.53 to $17.97 per $100 of assessed valuation. For the average home assessed at $4,000, residents would pay an additional $18 in taxes next year. Sanitation fees for a one-family home would rise from $202 to $205.
The increase pierces the state tax cap, which Village Clerk-Treasurer Shawn Cullinane said was .74 percent. Cullinane attributed the spending hike to a host of reasons, from increases in heat and electricity costs, to insurance and pension obligations. Medical insurance and the fire department's pension fund costs were the largest single expense increases for the village under the proposed budget, going up $197,800 and $125,000 respectively.
The current year's budget, which raised taxes by 8.5 percent, was largely fueled by fire department expense increases of $270,730. In the tentative budget for next year, fire protection costs increase by $21,745. Other department increases include sanitation at $37,981 and justice court at $20,306.
Under the proposed budget, the village also would use $143,000 of surplus money to pay down a bond anticipation note, Cullinane said.
Comparing last year's tax rate increase with the current one being proposed, Village Mayor Tom Brennan said they were satisfied with the amount of the tax hike.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“Last year was very high but 2.5 percent, that I'm very pleased with,” they said. “Would I have liked it to be under the tax cap? Of course, but in reality, that was not going to happen.”
The public hearing on the proposed budget will take place at 7:30 p.m. at village hall, 430 S. Wellwood Ave.
with a line from “Snow” by Anna Akhmatova
The spruce boughs are empty
of snow as we ski up the old
railroad grade. And when we arrive
at the top, the sky opens up,
an enchantment of blue.
I want to ask them how it felt
to be caged, to be clipped,
to be silenced. But they looks
at me as if to say the mood
is too tender for talk. And so
we let the words disappear
like the snow that is not falling,
and we move together
as good friends do, letting
one lead, and then the other.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Already dreaming of your summer holiday?
Maybe you've already picked out a sandy beach or are just spending way too much time at work (we won't tell!) scrolling through exotic destinations.
Well now you have another option.
Stansted Airport has just announced direct flights to Washington Dulles International Airport in the USA.
Starting this summer, you'll be able to fly out to the airport - 26 miles from Washington DC and a short drive across the border into Canada.
The route launches on Wednesday, August 22 and prices start from £199.
Primera Air will run five flights a week.
The airport itself is located in Chantilly, Virginia.
As well as offering direct flights that will take you close to the heart of America's capital, this is a prime, cost effective destination to fly to before transferring to flights heading elsewhere in the States.
Ken O'Toole, CEO of London Stansted, said: "We've already seen a very positive response from passengers to Primera's previous announcement of new services to New York, Boston and Toronto, and the addition of Washington will provide even more choice and connectivity to the east coast of the USA.
"The announcement of Washington Dulles Airport joining Primera Air's existing long-haul schedule, as well as the increased frequency to Toronto, is a real vote of confidence in Stansted and of the demand for long haul flights to and from London and the East of England.
"We have made clear our ambition is to provide more services to the USA and add routes to China and India, so this is another step towards that goal. We look forward to the launch of these exciting new services in the coming months".
Samara Wiley
Staff Writer
Film overview: Global powerhouse Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson once again leads in the new action-adventure film, Rampage. Rampage also stars actors Breanne Hill (Amy), Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Harvey Russell), Naomie Harris (Dr. Kate Caldwell) and Malin Akerman (Claire Wyden). This film is definitely one to watch if you enjoy sci-fi thrillers with intense action.
Directed by Brad Peyton, Johnson stars as primatologist Davis Okoye, a man who keeps people at a distance, but shares an unshakable bond with George an extraordinarily intelligent and incredibly rare albino silverback gorilla who has been in their care since they were rescued as a young orphan from poachers. However, as a rogue genetic experiment gone wrong, this gentle ape mutates into a raging creature of enormous size. If things were not bad enough, soon after Johnson discovers there are other animals like George.
Review: The film hit theaters Friday April 13 and the feedback it received was very positive.
According to IMDb.com this movie is, “Action packed, big, loud and a lot of fun.” Koimoi.com reviews declared that “Dwayne Johnson, yet again, proves why they are one of the most entertaining stars at present.” The Times of India stated, “A loud and thundering action film featuring Dwayne Johnson in top form.”
Opening night Rampage brought in $25.6 million and overseas the film earned $36.7 million from all 61 markets through its opening weekend.
What will Okoye do to tame this tall beast? Seems like teamwork and quick thinking will have to do. Check out this film if your ready for the wild to fight back!!
Lisa has been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. They rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash and joined the freelancer economy. Alongside Naked Security Lisa has written for CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output.
ELSMERE, Del. (AP) - Another pipe bomb has been removed from the home a Delaware man arrested last week for detonating a similar device outside a nearby home.
Media outlets reported that family members cleaning the home of Mark Consiglio found the bomb Saturday and called police. Residents within a two-block radius were evacuated from about 5 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. The device was safely destroyed.
The 48-year-old Consiglio was charged March 12 with manufacturing, possessing and using an explosive device after they allegedly detonated a bomb outside the home of their estranged wife's family. The explosion broke a window, but no one was injured.
Police disabled three additional explosive devices at Consiglio's home.
Consiglio is being held at the Howard R. Young Correctional Institute. It wasn't immediately clear if they had an attorney.
The Mere Golf Resort and Spa in Cheshire has joined the likes of The Belfry, Wentworth and Turnberry, by becoming foreign owned.
In the last few years some of the UK's biggest proprietary golf clubs have been snapped up by wealthy business people typically from China, the USA or the Middle East.
The Mere Golf Resort and Spa features an 18-hole James Braid-designed championship golf course along with an 81-bedroom hotel and spa. Shareholders Mark Boler and Gary Corbett have sold their stake in the business to Ejarat Holdings for an undisclosed sum.
The Mere's website states that Ejarat Holdings is ‘a Gulf based investor with existing UK interests'. According to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, the company was registered in Jersey in December 2017.
Chairman Gary Corbett assumes the role of CEO, with Mark Boler remains as a non-executive director.
Mark Boler said “I am delighted we have secured a new owner for the business.
“Since 2011 we have continued to develop The Mere brand with investment in building the spa and hotel and enhancements to the wider resort offering, and now truly believe that this presents an opportunity for the business to build on its already enviable position and grow further.”
Corbett added: “This deal represents a fantastic opportunity for the business to continue to grow and further establish itself as a major north west premier luxury resort.
“The new owners are keen to continue to invest in this fabulous product and brand and are determined to consistently deliver a world class service and be recognised as the venue of choice in the county.
“This is an exciting and positive period for the management, the team, the membership and our guests to continue to be part of something special.”
In 2014 alone, Wentworth Club was bought by Chinese company Reignwood Investments for £135 million, Fairmont St Andrews was sold to US property fund Kennedy Wilson for £32.4 million, Turnberry golf resort was sold to the now American president, Donald Trump, for an undisclosed sum and Lough Erne Resort was purchased by American business person Tony Saliba, and in 2012 US private equity firm KSL Capital Partners acquired The Belfry.
2:48 Amarillo tops Mansfield Summit for girls Spring Creek title Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
The former headteacher of a Cambridgeshire community college is set to be sentenced today after admitting fraud of more than £100,000, drinking alcohol on campus and having sex with another adult in their "specially adapted" school office.
James Stewart, who had served as principal of Sawtry Community College for almost 30 years, will appear at Huntingdon Crown Court (October 6) today to receive their sentence for the crimes.
Their former vice principal, Alan Stevens, is also due to be sentenced at the same court after pleading guilty to two counts of fraud relating to expense claims in August this year at Peterborough Crown Court.
The full extent of the crimes were only revealed after a court order was lifted after Stevens' guilty pleas.
Criminal charges were brought against the pair in December 2014 after the Education Funding Agency investigated the school in July of that year. This investigation followed a June 2014 Ofsted inspection, which put the College into special measures.
Stewart pleaded guilty to charges brought against them in March 2017, including one misconduct in public office charge that stated they regularly had sex with an adult in their college office specially modified for this habit.
The misconduct charge also included the fact that they often drank alcoholic beverages on school property and kept others from meeting with them by shutting themselves in their office for long periods of time, arriving late and leaving early for horse races and ski holidays abroad.
Stewart also pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud, including making false expense claims and unwarranted direct debit payments at Cambridge Crown Court. These totaled to more than £100,000.
Follow live updates on the sentencing below.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
I occasionally win drinks in pubs from other hacks when we boast about who has the best celeb's mobile phone number.
Yes, we say Ronnie O'Sullivan. Ooh, we say, Len McCluskey.
Then like a Texas poker player with four aces, I lay down Jilly Cooper, and the game is won.
I reckon that could be beat only by the personal mobile numbers of The Queen, Barack Obama, and the absolute Royal Flush:
David Attenborough.
Until now.
I haven't got Sir David's but for anyone 40 and over, I have something possibly something even better.
Derek Griffiths.
Yes, that Derek Griffiths. Him.
Play School, Play Away. With Toni Arthur and Floella Benjamin, and the Round Window. (Always the best one, don't you think. I mean the arched window was well, a bit arch. And the square one, yeah, you know where I'm going with this..) And the story. And Hamble.
(Item one on my agenda for world domination. Bring back the name Hamble. Mandatory use for at least one child in every primary school year in the country.)
Nostalgia is so easy and seductive isn't it?
And you know, loads of fun. You should see my colleagues' and friends' faces (the ones old enough) when I tell them I'm talking to Derek Griffiths.
But it's also a mistake.
Sometimes things were better in the past. I've just looked up the price of the first house my parents ever bought when I was a toddler, for something like two or maybe three times my father's salary.
Now it would be eight times my salary.
But , the comparison of road deaths for the same period, between the early 1970s and now, shows about six or seven times more people were killed then that today.
Things weren't really better in the past – you and I were younger. We were less burdened by work and bills and health worries, and responsibilities.
We were children. Or young adults. If things are as they should be, it's just nicer , freer, more fun then than when you're older.
And I love nostalgia – I can go misty-eyed over spangles, and spacehoppers and the Raleigh Chopper and the Wales rugby team of the ‘70s with the best of them.
I can even go on about, you know, cars with running boards, and men wearing proper hats, and spats and seeing Josephine Baker in Paris, while drinking whisky with Hemingway and Alice B Toklas. I can be nostalgic for a time I don't remember.
It's lovely. It's comforting, it's a warm bath.
But to build an economic and social policy around it is unwise.
NEVERTHELESS
Having said that – let me indulge. This is the last Saturday Echo. So it follows this is the last Saturday column.
(I know, right? My 48-page business case with PowerPoint demonstration as to why we should still continue to set, print and distribute just this column fell on deaf ears. They said they had to print at least four pages, because that's one sheet of paper. So, umm, a minimum of 4,000 words for the column.
Well I'm up for it. You are too, right? Right?)
Anyway, the feedback I've had from my loyal readers, (never mind the numbers; feel the quality) has been a constant joy.
If you've given me a thumbs up on Facebook, or are one of the people who've told me you like it when we've met, or stopped me in the street. Or if you are John Ricketts who sends the occasional very encouraging note; Thank you.
You can all come again.
BEIRUT (Sputnik) — Earlier in the month, the Spiritual Board of Muslims of Russia along with the Spiritual Board of Muslims of Moscow and the Russian Mufties Council sent a humanitarian cargoes for the Syrian refugees living in camps near the Syrian-Lebanese border.
"As I see, there are huge problems with medical assistance and education and there are very many orphans. We will contribute to the [solution of problems] in these three spheres. Maybe we will help to open a school. We would like to set ourselves this task for this year," Alyautdinov, who is also the Deputy Chairman of the Russian Muftis Council, said.
© AFP 2016/ ARIS MESSINIS Turkey Provides Schooling to Over 480,000 Syrian Refugee Children - Education Minister
They added that the council had also set a task to support at least 100 Syrian children.
According to the mufti, Russian Muslims are planning to carry out such humanitarian actions on a regular basis.
The ongoing Syrian civil war has resulted in a large-scale humanitarian crisis in the region and made millions of Syrians to leave their homeland. According to the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), there are more than 1 million of refugees from the crisis-torn country in Lebanon at the moment.
Environment Secretary Roy Cimatu says the island can be reopened by October 26, as planned
Published 5:00 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines– After just over two months of rehabilitation, Environment Secretary Roy Cimatu said Boracay is no longer a cesspool.
Cimatu said the government is "on target" in decongesting the island and water quality has significantly improved.
"Mas mababa na [ang bacteria level ng tubig].... Kasi noon medyo tumataas [o] bumababa [ang bacteria level], ngayon medyo steady na. And I can claim now na the pipes na pumupunta doon na hindi [dapat], wala na iyon," Cimatu said on the sidelines of the 31st anniversary celebration of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR).
(The bacteria level in the water is now lower. The bacteria level used to fluctuate, but now it's steady. And I can claim now that the pipes which are not supposed to be there are no longer there.)
The Environmental Management Bureau in Western Visayas had reported before rehabilitation that coliform bacteria levels in some areas reached as high as over 47,000 most probable number (mpn) per 100 milliliters (ml). The safe level is just 1,000 mpn per 100 ml.
Cimatu also said they can reopen the island by October 26. (READ: The glaring double standard in Duterte's Boracay shutdown)
The MLB Draft isn't about addressing the immediate needs of the big-league clubs, as almost all of the players selected this week won't be debuting in the majors for at least two seasons.
Maybe a Bob Horner, Pete Incaviglia, David Price or Brandon Finnegan will pop up in the draft, but many players will take four or five years to develop. Many won't make it to the big leagues at all.
But if the goal of all 30 MLB teams is to draft and develop big-league pitchers, more specifically starting pitchers, the Texas Rangers, at the very least, gave themselves a large crop of potential rotation candidates down the road.
The Rangers selected 28 pitchers during the three days and 40 rounds, 22 of those pitchers on Wednesday, the third and final day of the annual Rule 4 First-Year Player Draft. It wasn't necessarily by design, as premium hitters were hard to come by in this year's draft, but the Rangers say they like every pitcher they have selected.
“It was a tough draft to acquire bats,” said Kip Fagg, the Rangers' senior director of amateur scouting. “But you can never have enough pitching.
“It wasn't something we set out to do, but it was kind of the way it fell,” they said. “We like these pitchers, and we just continued to draft them.”
The Rangers took at least five pitchers in a row three times Wednesday during the draft's final 30 rounds. Included were several pitchers who might be tough to sign.
Their 29th-round pick, Blaine Knight, has been vocal about their intentions of returning to the University of Arkansas. Jordan Fowler, the 26th-round pick from a Tennessee high school, is committed to Mississippi; South Carolina prep Corey Stone, the 27th-rounder, has committed to South Carolina; and 31st-rounder Griff McGarry is committed to Virginia.
Fagg said that there is some financial flexibility to take a run at those players and others who have committed to big-time programs.
“I don't foresee we're going to sign all of these guys,” Fagg said. “But there are a few we are going to sign. There are some guys committed to big schools. Some of them are going to sign, and some of them probably are not going to sign.”
Despite all the arms the Rangers piled up, they started the day by selecting Obie Ricumstrict, a prep shortstop from Michigan.  They are committed to Cincinnati, but Fagg expects the three-sport star to sign with the Rangers.
The Rangers knew that the draft was thin on hitters, so they grabbed position players Monday with their first two picks (outfielder Bubba Thompson, 26th overall, and shortstop Chris Seise, 29th overall) and three more Tuesday on Day 2.
First of all, it's not the “boogeyman.” It's the “bogey man.”
The American slang some parents used in the 1950s to threaten their misbehaving children with being carried off by some sort of hobgoblin actually dates back to the 1800s in golf terminology.
In the 1890s, there was a popular song in Scotland titled, “Hush! Hush! Hush! Here comes the Bogey Man,” according to ScottishGolfHistory.org. So, golfers in that era figured they were playing against “Mister Bogey” in terms of making the best score on a hole. That was adopted as the standard score for a hole during that era.
At approximately the same time, the concept of “par” also came into vogue. As far back as 1870, golf writer A.H. Doleman asked what the ideal score would be for the Open at the 12-hole course at Prestwick in Scotland. Pros agreed 49 should be the standard. Young Tom Morris won with two-over par for three rounds, totaling 36 holes.
In 1893, the Ladies Golf Association in Great Britain adopted “par,” a stock market concept, as the standard score for a hole, and the Men's Golf Association followed suit a year later, a clear case of gender equality long before women ever were permitted to play at St. Andrews. Yet, the concept of “par” wasn't adopted universally in Great Britain until 1925.
Meanwhile, the United States Golf Association in 1911 ruled the maximum distances for a par 3 would be 225 yards, 425 for a par 4, 600 for a par 5 and 601-plus for a par 6. Technically, those distances haven't changed much. The longest distance for a par 3 now is 250 yards, 470 for a par 4 and 690 for a par 5. But the USGA now exceeds the 250-yard limit for a par-3 and the 470-yard limit for a par-4 in championship competition.
In fact, five holes on the front nine at Shinnecock Hills and three on the back nine exceed the normal yardage limit for par. A fourth hole on the back nine, the 468-yard par-4 12th is just two yards short of the normal limit for a par-5, and the par-5 16th hole has been extended to 616 yards.
Despite those lengths, there still will be plenty of “birdies” and maybe a few “eagles.” The term “birdie” — one under-par — stems from popular slang in the early 1900s. If something was considered good or great, it was called “bird.”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Applying the term to a one-under-par score might have come from general usage, but the Country Club of Atlantic City lays claim to the original when A.B. Smith and their brother William Smith played with George Crump, who later built Pine Valley in New Jersey, one of America's iconic courses. A.B. Smith hit their second shot within inches of the second hole and called it “a bird of shot.” From then on, they called a one-under-par score a “birdie.”
Having established the “bird” motif for sub-par scores, it wasn't long until a two-under-par score evolved into “eagle,” the bird Americans associate with patriotism. This became common usage in Britain by 1919.
But a three-under-par score is called an “albatross.” This continues the bird theme, but it is considered a British term. The first known reference was in 1929 after the development of steel-shafted clubs made such a thing possible.
Golf really is a sport with a language known only to its practitioners. Some other terms and their definitions:
Bunker: On seaside courses, sands mounded and were shaped into “hazards” known as “bunkers.” They appeared in the 1812 Royal & Ancient Rules of Golf.
Fairway: As far back as 1744, the course proper was referred to as “fair green.” But there were no lawnmowers, so the main path to the hole was referred to as the “fairway” even though it was overgrown, a term Scottish fishermen used for a navigable channel.
Links: A true “links course” is built on sandy soil between the sea and land. The name is derived from the Anglo-Saxon word “hlinc,” dating to 931 A.D. Shinnecock Hills is not true linksland. It was more wooded, but the USGA cut down several trees. The course is more open and exposed to wind than the last U.S. Open at Shinnecock in 2004.
Golf: The first recorded mention, according to ScottishGolfHistory.org was in 1457 as “gouf,” a forbidden stick and ball sport. The Dutch had a word “kolf,” meaning a bat or club. When Dutch sailors reached Scotland, they played a game on linksland similar to what they played on icy canals that evolved into modern golf.
Mulligan: Hotelier David Mulligan, who ran the Biltmore in New York City and several major Canadian hotels, was a member of St. Lambert C.C. in Montreal and was famous for re-teeing on the first hole after poor drives. Their friends began calling that practice a “mulligan,” and it stuck.
Today we return to a PHILOSOPHICAL theme since some very interesting material has appeared in the theological and philosophical sub-sets of the et Invisibilium.
We begin, as the good Thomists that we are, with a definition. And that definition is “FIRST PRINCIPLES“: (see here)
A first principle is a basic, foundational, self-evident proposition or assumption that cannot be deduced from any other proposition or assumption.
The notion (objective reality in fact) of a first principle is quite common within the et Invisibilium, spanning its individual sub-sets from mathematics, physics, logic, philosophy and all the way up to the queen of all sciences, THEOLOGY.
So naturally, the proper place to start any discussion of FIRST PRINCIPLES is with St. Thomas Aquinas. According to St. Thomas, the FIRST PRINCIPLE is the proof as to the existence of God. (see here) It is on this REALITY, according to St. Thomas that all other reality is constructed.
Furthermore, given the fact that ALL first principles are “self-evident”, if for no other reason than by definition, we can define a PRESUPPOSITION that all reality rests upon the existence of God. So what we have above is a logical proof for not only the nature of reality but also for its structure.
Right about now, you dear reader are saying to yourself, your saying ‘yes, but Armaticus, aren't you engaged in preaching to the choir?'
And this is a proper and fitting question.
So I will answer it.
Over on the Orthosphere blog, we get a post written by Richard Cocks titled: Foundationalism: in praise of vagueness. This post is what I would describe as a tour de force through post-Enlightenment “philosophy”. Specifically, this post, and it is a rather long-ish one, (but a must-read, and one to be read for comprehension) explains what on this blog would be termed the TRANSRATIONALITY of the Cartesian “philosophical” school.
Nota bene: as my long time reader know, Rene Descartes was the individual who was responsible for taking the field of philosophy, that was nicely progressing along a REALIST (Scholastic) trajectory as set out by Thomism and kicked it into the long grass of MYSTICISM, from which it is trying to dig itself out presently. The most popular present strain of the mystic “philosophical” school is known as “analytic philosophy”.
Quickly, what is important to note in the Cocks post is that Cartesian “philosophy” is in fact nothing more than a “caged death match” with FIRST PRINCIPLES. Here is that relevant passage:
Epistemology became a major topic for analytic philosophers because they trace their intellectual origins to Descartes and the British empiricists. Descartes dismantles the foundations of their beliefs and then tries to rebuild them on certain grounds. Having used the method of doubt to tear everything down, including even mathematics, they find irrefutable evidence of the existence of their own mind and then tries to prove that the “external world” exists.
The only problem with the above is that Descartes failed, since that “irrefutable evidence” doesn't exist. The reason that they failed was demonstrated by Kurt Goedel and is explained in this post as follows:
Goedel's theorem confirmed Aristotle's argument and definitively proved that any axiomatic system beyond the level of complexity of addition, such as multiplication, would require faith in an axiom not provable within the system. Multiplication, for instance, requires at least nine unprovable axioms.
So what Goedel definitively proved is that there is no such thing as “certain grounds” on which a “system”, such as a NEW WORLD ORDER can be built. Every system, including Materialistic Marxism is ultimately built on assumptions that can't be proven.
In other words, Marxism is a “FAITH BASED” system.
So this we definitively know, and the mathematical proof is contained in the post.
Which brings me to Dr. Jordan Peterson, who also makes an appearance in the Cock's post. Dr. Peterson, when discussing the post-Modernists, makes the following claim: (see our discussion in the post titled: Twisting The “Fabric Of Reality” Has Consequences…)
You know, they say something like: ‘there's an infinite number of interpretations of the world. And that's actually true.
But:
But then they make a mistake, and they say: ‘ no interpretation is to be privileged over any other interpretation.'
And why they are wrong:
It's like WRONG. WRONG. That's where things go seriously off the rails because the interpretation has to be… and this is the Piagetian objection: ‘ if you and I are going to play a game, rule 1 is that we both have to want to play. Rule 2 is that other people are going to let us play. Rule 3 is we should be able to play it across a pretty long period of time without it degenerating. And maybe Rule 4 is that while we are playing, the world shouldn't kill us. There are not that many games… you know, you don't send your kids to play on the superhighway right. They're not playing hockey on the superhighway. Because the world kills them.
And finally:
So there is an infinite number of interpretations, but there is not an infinite number of solutions.
Concluding, given the above, we are able to make one observation. And that observation is that with a “finite number of solutions” that do not kill, one solution that appears to be by far the best of ALL the “solutions” is Catholicism. And the reason that it is the best is that it has allowed a Civilization to not only arise, but to prosper. And it has prospered for over 1600 years.
Which brings me to my final point and a fitting conclusion to this post. Over on Fr. Z's blog, we get a post titled: NEW BOOK: Heroism and Genius: How Catholic Priests Helped Build—and Can Help Rebuild—Western Civilization.
In this post, the following is written:
With stubborn facts historians have given their verdict: from the cultures of the Jews, Greeks, Romans, Arabs, and Germanic peoples, the Catholic Church built a new and original civilization, embodying within its structures the Christian vision of God and man, time and eternity.
The construction and maintenance of Western civilization, amid attrition and cultural earthquakes, is a saga spread over sixteen hundred years. During this period, Catholic priests, because they numbered so many men of heroism and genius in their ranks, and also due to their leadership positions, became the pioneers and irreplaceable builders of Christian culture and sociopolitical order.
So tying in the above passage with Piaget's observation that not all systems are “created equal”, but that some are better, depending on the long term viability of the system itself, we can confirm that the “new and original” Civilization that the Catholic Church has built is by far the best of the lot.
Furthermore, given that this is the case, it is quite proper to state that the “re-building” of our Civilization will come in a large part through the Sacred Catholic Priesthood, as Our Lord has instituted and as the Holy Roman Catholic Church has understood it for 1984 years.
The proof is self-evident!
Advertisements
Data collected by the Cassini spacecraft, before it was deliberately crashed into Saturn's atmosphere in September 2017, show that the planet's illustrious rings are casting a shadow in ionized particles over the planet. Cassini has transmitted a hoard of valuable data from Saturn since it arrived at the planet in 2004. In its final months, the probe was sent on a series of orbital dips within the rings that reached very close to the planet itself. At altitudes between 2,600 and 4,000 kilometers, the spacecraft passed directly through the planet's ionosphere, a region of the upper atmosphere dominated by ionized particles. Data collected by the Radio and Plasma Wave Science instrument on board the spacecraft reveal a relatively cold, dense and dynamic ionosphere, Jan-Erik Wahlund and colleagues report. The ionosphere is surprisingly variable and structured on small scales. One reason for that is shadows cast by the rings, which block ultraviolet radiation from the Sun, thereby reducing the ionization in those regions. However, that cannot explain all of the variation, so Wahlund et al. propose that a "ring rain" mechanism may operate, whereby water ions originating from the planet's rings interact with free electrons in the ionosphere. Variation in extreme ultraviolet radiation from the Sun, strong longitudinal wind variations, or magnetic field interactions with the rings, are other possible explanations for the variability observed in Saturn's ionosphere, the authors say.
###
HIGHLIGHTS Knicks missing playoffs, stress on Carmelo may have played role
Despite ‘rocky' marriage, split is amicable, reports say
New York Knicks' star Carmelo Anthony and their wife, TV personality La La Anthony have reportedly separated.
TMZ.com reported that La La, 37, moved out of the couple's home last week and is now residing at their own place in New York City. Sources told the website that the split is amicable and that the couple were together this past weekend to attend their 10-year-old son Kiyan's basketball game. According to reports, the couple currently has no plans to file for a divorce.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
One source told TMZ that the Anthonys had been fighting for about a year and called the marriage “a rocky one.”
Professionally, Carmelo Anthony, 32, has also been under considerable stress which reportedly impacted their marriage. The Knicks missed the NBA playoffs by 10 games. There has been much speculation about Anthony's future with the team.
Carmelo and La La Anthony began dating in 2004 and have been married since 2010. Their wedding was documented in the VH1 reality TV series “La La's Full Court Wedding,” which was followed by another reality show “La La's Full Court Life” from 2011 to 2013.
In 2015, the marriage was rocked by rumors that Carmelo had been unfaithful. They reconciled and on their anniversary last year, La La posted a wedding photo on social media, which was captioned with the following message to Carmelo: “If you live to be a hundred, I want to live that long minus one day, so I never have to live without you.”
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
AFC Bournemouth are thought to be leading the chase for Bristol City forward Bobby Reid's signature this summer.
According to a report in the Bristol Post, the Premier League Cherries, managed by Eddie Howe, are planning a swoop for the one time Cheltenham Town loanee.
The 25-year-old made only one brief substitute appearance for the League Two Robins, during the 2011/12 campaign, in a 3-0 home win over Southend United.
They joined Mark Yates' squad from City along with teammate Marlon Jackson, who also made one substitute appearance, in the 3-1 away success against Oxford United.
Reid has since played for Oldham Athletic and Plymouth Argyle on loan and after being converted from an attack-minded midfielder into a clever forward, they have been one of the Championship's stand out performers this term.
They have netted 19 goals, including one against Manchester City in the Carabao Cup semi-final first leg at the Etihad Stadium.
Their goals have helped City progress from battling against relegation to pushing for promotion to the top flight.
Burnley are also thought to be closely monitoring Reid's progress.
Russell Westbrook and the Thunder will be back at home on Thursday night when OKC hosts the Cleveland Cavaliers at 7 p.m.
Related: Thunder Fall On The Road To Pacers
Here's what you need to know about the matchup:
Cavs playing well
Not only to the Cavaliers sit with the best record in the Eastern Conference, but Cleveland has won six of its last seven games, including a 107-91 dismantling of the Thunder back on Jan. 29.
Even with the drama surrounding the team regarding a possible Carmelo Anthony trade and LeBron James calling for another superstar, the Cavs don't seem distracted. The addition of Kyle Korver has helped to improve an already solid 3-point shooting team, while the usual cast of characters in Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love are playing all-star basketball while tuning out all the noise.
OKC shot only 37-percent from the field in the first meeting in Cleveland while turning the ball over six more times than the Cavs. Still without the services of Enes Kanter, the Thunder will need to play a nearly perfect game on both sides of the ball in order to protect its home court and pull off the upset win.
LeBron may not play
Cavaliers' head coach Tyron Lue didn't make anything official, but after Wednesday night's win over the Pacers, Lue said if James logs heavy minutes against Indiana that he'll likely take the next game off. They also said Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love may sit out as well.
Ty Lue considering resting Cavs Big 3 tmrw at OKC. Said right now "probably" all 3 will rest, but he's not positive. Won't decide til tmrw — Jason Lloyd (@JasonLloydNBA) February 9, 2017
If James does indeed sit, this will be the second time in the last three years that they have sat out to rest when the Cavaliers have come to OKC.
UPDATE
Cavs' head coach Ty Lue says that LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love will all play against the Thunder as of now. #News9Thunder — News 9 Sports (@News9Sport) February 9, 2017
Last time out
Despite winning its two previous games, the Thunder lost to the Pacers by three points on Monday on the second night of a back-to-back. Westbrook had two shots to tie it in the final seconds, and their second attempt went in-and-out to seal the Pacers win.
It was a game OKC should've won, especially since the Thunder outrebounded the Pacers 61-to-37 and tallied 11 blocks, but made only 7-of-28 shots from behind the arc. OKC held a 15-point lead in the second quarter, but Paul George and the Pacers had a big second half and held on for the win.
Don't look past the Cavs
You don't often worry about overlooking the defending NBA Champs, but with Kevin Durant's return to OKC looming at the end of the week, you never know if some of the players could be a bit distracted. It's not ideal to play the two best teams in the league in back-to-back games, but the Thunder will need to take a one game at a time approach.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Kiara Leslie had 21 points and 11 rebounds against their former team, and North Carolina State beat Maryland 74-60 on Sunday in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament.
Leslie, who spent three seasons at Maryland before graduating and transferring to N.C. State, finished one point shy of a career high.
Kalia Ealey and Chelsea Nelson added 12 points apiece while Akela Maize scored 11 to help the fourth-seeded Wolfpack (26-8) earn their first Sweet 16 appearance since the late Kay Yow led an inspirational run in 2007.
N.C. State, which shot 45 percent and was 7 of 14 from 3-point range, will play the Oklahoma State-Mississippi State winner on Friday night in the Kansas City Regional semifinals.
Brianna Fraser had 17 points for the fifth-seeded Terrapins (26-8), who were held to 37 percent shooting.
Leading scorer Kaila Charles, plagued all day by foul trouble, finished with four points - 14 fewer than their average - on 2-of-8 shooting before fouling out with 2:29 left. They had scored in double figures in 30 of their previous 33 games.
Maryland's offense, which averages 80 points, had trouble scoring against one of the nation's stingiest defenses.
N.C. State allows 56.7 points per game and only one team in the past two months - top-seeded Notre Dame - has reached 70 against the Wolfpack.
BIG PICTURE
Maryland: The Terrapins were denied their sixth Sweet 16 in seven years in part because their potent perimeter game was nonexistent. Maryland, at 39.1 percent the nation's seventh-most accurate team, missed all five of its 3s. Kristen Confroy, who's third in the nation from long range at 40.3 percent, didn't attempt one.
N.C. State: Leslie kept tormenting their former teammates by turning steals into layups. Big brother C.J. Leslie led the N.C. State men's program to a Sweet 16 in 2012, and now she's headed to one, too.
UP NEXT
N.C. State will play either top-seeded Mississippi State or ninth-seeded Oklahoma State on Friday night in the Kansas City Regional semifinals.
By
The Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet (EEC) and Kentucky's propane industry want Kentuckians to be prepared to meet their home heating demands this winter. Inventories of U.S. heating oil and propane are lower this year than last year; however they are still within the average yearly total of the previous five years. As of November 24, propane inventory levels were at 73.2 million barrels, 27 percent lower than at the same time last year.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
“Weather is a dominant influence in the demand for propane—colder winters both increase demand and negatively impact deliverability,” said Rick Bender, executive advisor to the Energy and Environment Cabinet. “While weather is difficult to predict, forecasts indicate that we'll experience a colder winter for the region, and we want to make sure citizens are prepared.”
Tod Griffin, executive director of the Kentucky Propane Gas Association, pointed out that while supplies are within the five-year average, there are issues with storage and transportation. “U.S. propane production has increased over the past several years; the challenges we see are decreases in storage capacity at production facilities, an increase in exports out of the U.S. and bottlenecks in the transportation infrastructure,” they said.
Griffin said the propane industry strongly urges customers to:
· Sign up for automatic delivery rather than calling at the last minute. This allows dealers to better schedule delivery trucks and helps ensure that customers will not run out.
· Sign up for budget payment plans. This helps customers spread the payments over several months.
· Know how much you have left in the tank. Unless your dealer requests otherwise, call when the level hits 10-15 percent. This will allow your dealer to schedule a refill in a timely manner.
· Have a professional perform regular maintenance on equipment and appliances to increase fuel efficiency.
According to the 2015 American Community Survey, (five-year estimates) from the U.S. Census Bureau, a little more than six percent of Kentucky households use bottled, tank or LP gas.
The EIA Heating Oil and Propane Update, released Nov. 29, reported the average price for residential propane in Kentucky was $2.20 a gallon, 17 percent higher than the same time last year ($1.88, 2016 price).
Kentucky collects residential heating oil and propane price data through participation in EIA's State Heating Oil and Propane Program, a joint effort between EIA and state energy offices to provide timely price data to heating oil and propane markets.
For information about SHOPP or Kentucky's energy programs, contact Lee Colten, Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet, Lee.Colten@ky.gov.
This isn't what you think.
Pro Football Focus shared this cool graphic of the best quarterback/wide receiver tandem in the NFL for 2017 and it is a Pittsburgh Steelers duo. But maybe not the one you thought.
A post shared by Pro Football Focus (@profootballfocus) on Feb 3, 2018 at 8:19am PST
The chemistry that Ben Roethlisberger built with JuJu Smith-Schuster was truly impressive. Smith-Schuster came into the league as a 20-year old rookie second-round pick and quickly established themselves as the team's second-best wide receiver.
Smith-Schuster finished the season with 58 receptions for 917 receiving yards and seven receiving touchdowns. Some of Smith-Schuster's success came because they understood taking advantage of all the attention Antonio Brown draws by opposing defenses.
Pittsburgh's offense grew exponentially when Smith-Schuster played well. The sky is the limit for Smith-Schuster and this offense if they continue to develop as a more complete receiver.
Related 5 Steelers salary cap cuts to get free agency started right
By Lisa Durden
Let me set some of y'all Black folks all the way straight who feel like Mo'Nique needed to take the money and keep it moving. NO!! Hell to the Hell NO!! Yes, Lisa Durden would have grabbed that dough and ran. But my name ain't Mo'Nique. Do you people realize that they are one of the most decorated comedians!  They are one of the Queens of Comedy! No shade but let's keep it real, whenever you think about the most successful woman comedian in the industry, the only name other than Whoopi Goldberg that comes to mind is Mo'Nique. Period! They were the lead actor in a hugely successful sitcom called “The Parkers” for five long years. Do you all realize what an accomplishment that is these days?? Just in case y'all have amnesia, in 2010, Mo'Nique won an Oscar at the 82nd Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actress for the box office smash “Precious”, which grossed over $47 million dollars domestically. Them awards game is sick; winning several NAACP Image Awards, a Critics Choice Award, a Golden Globe Award, a New York Film Critics Circle Award, a BAFTA Award, an Independent Spirit Award, a National Society of Film Critics Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BET Award, a BET Comedy Award, an African-American Film Critics Association Award, and a Satellite Award, just to name a few. Mo'Nique is a living legend!!
And for you misinformed #MOTHERCLUCKERS who say, “What has Mo done lately??” Um, in May of 2017 they had a sold-out comedy show at the Apollo and in November 2016, they were the star of the low-budget smash hit movie “Almost Christmas ” , that only cost $17 million dollars to make, but earned $42 million dollars domestically. Now when Netflix said Amy Schumer had a hit movie last summer, I'd like to know what movie they're referring to. In May of 2017, only a short 6 months after Mo'Nique's blockbuster film, Amy's “so-called” hit movie “Snatched” was, in fact, a box office FLOP!! It cost a whopping $42 million dollars to make and it only grossed $46 million dollars domestically. So, when Netflix referred to that movie as their example for paying Amy more than Mo'Nique, they told on themselves!! It's very clear that they offered Amy more not because they gross more than Mo'Nique, but because she's a white woman. So, YES, Mo'Nique deserved to get the same pay as Amy Schumer, Chris Rock and Dave Chapelle for their comedy special.
Black people who can fix their fingers to post or fix their mouth to say that Mo'Nique shouldn't get equal pay for their comedy special leave me no choice but to think that you identify with the oppressor. That's an unfortunate pathology that still exists in our community. I am soooo glad that my girl, comedian Wanda Sykes, stepped up on #Twitter to commend Mo'Nique for speaking out, saying that they were offended that Netflix offered them less than $500,000 and chose to take their business to Epix, where they would be appreciated. Good for Wanda.
Ooooo, I loved it when the outspoken Jada Pinkett-Smith joined the Mo'Nique Netflix debate. On #Twitter, in true Jada fashion, they set the haters all the way straight!! “You don't have to like Mo'Nique's approach. You don't have to agree with their boycott, but don't allow all of that to make you blind to the fact that nonwhite women and impoverished white women are underpaid, underrepresented and undervalued everywhere by everyone,” expressed Jayda. “As a community, we should be supporting the light they are shining on this truth.”
That's the kind of sisterhood Black women must have if we are going to rise above the racial and gender pay gap. There is even exciting discussion around women telling each other what they make as a way to be aware of the pay disparities. I wholeheartedly agree with that movement.
Let me bottom line this for y'all. Everybody who is reading this article knows exactly what it feels like to be paid slave wages and asked to get over it, or to be glad to have a job, especially Black women. This is not just about Mo'Nique, Wanda Sykes, Taraji P. Henson, Kerry Washington, Viola Davis, Tracee Ellis-Ross or Gabrielle Union. Netflix is the smaller picture of the bigger picture to show how the pay gap is worse for Black women in all careers and jobs, and has been that way sense we entered the workforce. For every dollar a man makes, Black women make 63 cents. White women do face a pay gap as well, but they make 80 cents for every dollar that a man makes, which is substantially higher than African-American women. Simply put, Black women are often significantly underrepresented in leadership roles and positions of power to be able to make crucial decisions about hiring practices and who gets paid what. Therefore, I suggest that all of you negative Nelly's root for women like the Mo'Niques of the world who ain't “scurd” to push the pay envelop; they are the queen of #BlackGirlMagic, please “put some ‘respect' on it”! When we start “making money moves” as Cardi B says, “Black Women Equal Pay Day” won't just be a date on our calendars every July 31st, but Black women will one day hold the power positions needed to hire women; hence, helping to close the pay gap.
###
Lisa Durden, TV personality and subject-matter expert in the areas of pop culture, politics and social issues, who's an “A-Plus Panel” Contributor at My9's “Chasing News”. They also make appearances on Dr. Oz, Pix11 Morning News, CT Style & Fox News Channel. Lisa's voice is their activism! Twitter: @lisardurden
In a letter to Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) and Ranking Member Tom Carper (D-Del.) today, the Renewable Fuels Association urged the committee to “expeditiously” pass legislation that would ensure consumers have year-round access to 15% ethanol (E15).
Due to an outdated Environmental Protection Agency regulation, retail gas stations are essentially prohibited from selling E15 in more than two-thirds of the nation's gasoline market during the summer ozone control season, from June 1-Sept. 15.
RFA “enthusiastically supports” S. 517, by Sen. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), which would resolve the issue by extending the Reid vapor pressure (RVP) waiver to ethanol blends above E10. The committee is holding a hearing today on the legislation.
“The biggest remaining obstacle to E15 growth is the inequitable application of gasoline vapor pressure regulations,” RFA President and CEO Bob Dinneen wrote to Barrasso and Carper. “The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's current regulations have created an un-level playing field for E15 and other higher-level blends. Many gasoline retailers have rejected E15 because EPA's current RVP regulations make it nearly impossible for them to sell E15 to EPA-approved conventional automobiles year-round. Most gas stations are not willing to dedicate storage tank space and dispensing equipment to a fuel that they can only sell for part of the year. Resolving the issue of RVP parity for E15 will remove the regulatory barrier that currently hinders stations from offering year-round access to E15 and other higher level ethanol blends,” they wrote.
Major retailers like Thornton's, Kum & Go and Sheetz offer E15, and the RFA wants to ensure consumers have access to the fuel blend whether it's April or July or November. The RFA is “committed to working with leaders in Congress to make that a reality,” the letter added.
Coinciding with today's hearing, RFA also placed an ad in today's print edition of The Hill, reiterating support for S. 517 to ensure greater consumer access for E15.
Veteran actor Anupam Kher has praised actor Sunny Deol and says that they are a genuine person in Bollywood. Anupam on Sunday took to Twitter and shared a photograph of themselves with Sunny from the airport, here.
“So happy to meet one of my favourite and genuine persons in the film industry, the soft hearted and strong willed Sunny Deol,” Anupam captioned the image.
Sunny and Anupam have worked in many films like ChaalBaaz, Salaakhen, Samundar, Darr, Arjun and Izzat Ki Roti among many others.
On the work front, Anupam, who is currently seen on the silver screen in Toilet: Ek Prem Katha, will next be seen in The Accidental Prime Minister. They star as Manmohan Singh, the economist-politician who served as the Prime Minister of India from 2004 to 2014.
The film is directed by Vijay Ratnakar Gutte and is based on 2014 similarly titled memoir by Sanjaya Baru.
Trending :
Sunny is all set to launch their son Karan, who is all set to make their acting debut with the film Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas. The film's title is inspired by Sunny's father and veteran actor Dharmendra's famous song from their film Blackmail.
To be directed by the Ghayal star himself, Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas is a love story being shot in the exotic locales of Manali. Zee Studios has collaborated with Sunny to launch Karan. They have joined hands after the success of Gadar – Ek Prem Katha.
Karan's entry into filmdom marks the onset of the third generation of Deols in Bollywood. Their grandfather Dharmendra is regarded as one of the best actors that Hindi filmdom has seen.
Joseph Badame of Medford, N.J., helps during a food truck fundraiser for the people of Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria at Anthony Barber and Victoria Martinez-Barber's home, Friday, Sept. 29, 2017, in Medford, N.J. Badame donated 80 barrels of food weighing 360 pounds each to hurricane victims. Elizabeth Robertson AP
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
LEHIGHTON — Dillon Kintzel won by fall in the final bout of the night to lift Pine Grove over Lehighton 35-33 on Tuesday in a Schuylkill League Division I dual meet.
The Cardinals (17-6, 3-1 D-I) trailed 33-29 after Lehighton's Tyler Schock posted a 6-3 win over Gavin Harris at 132 pounds.
In the last match, Kintzel (138) pinned Isaiah Wetzel in 1:59 to give Pine Grove its sixth win in its last seven dual meets.
The Indians took the first three bouts to lead 12-0 before the Cardinals got going. Carson Rittenbaugh (182) and E.J. Herb (285) contributed pins, and Austen Ney (195) won by technical fall to produce some key bonus points.
Pine Grove also took a pair of important toss-up bouts. At 106, Travis Anderson edged Kevin Madea 9-8, and at 126, Dalton Kintzel nipped Logan Pagotto 1-0.
Lehighton (12-10, 3-3) won at seven weights, with Nate Kemmerer (120), Dylan Schock (160) and Brett Gasker (220) winning by fall.
Pine Grove 35, Lehighton 33
145 — Whiteman (L) dec. Carlin, 3-2; 152 — Scherer (L) dec. Kassab, 8-2; 160 — D. Schock (L) pinned Shadle, 4:37; 170 — Nuske (PG) won by forfeit; 182 — Rittenbaugh (PG) pinned Ziegenfuss, :43; 195 — Ney (PG) tech. fall Zimmerman, 16-1, 4:15; 220 — Gasker (L) pinned Leffler, :42; 285 — Herb (PG) pinned Hauser, :44; 106 — Anderson (PG) dec. Madea, 9-8; 113 — Sangiuliano (L) won by forfeit; 120 — Kemmerer (L) pinned Venszl, :39; 126 — Da. Kintzel (PG) dec. Pagotto, 1-0; 132 — T. Schock (L) dec. Harris, 6-3; 138 — Di. Kintzel (PG) pinned I. Wetzel, 1:59
Jr. high score: Pine Grove 57-30
Oley Valley 48
Schuylkill Haven 31
OLEY — Damien Pate (120), Austin Engle (126), Caleb Johnson (132) and Kross Houck (160) notched falls for Schuylkill Haven in a non-league loss to Oley Valley.
Preston Gehring (145) added a major decision and Joey Kocher (285) won by decision for the Hurricanes (8-14).
285 — Kocher (SH) dec. Geho, 9-4; 106 — Engler (OV) won by forfeit; 113 — Fasig (OV) won by forfeit; 120 — Pate (SH) pinned Stofflet, 1:43; 126 — Engle (SH) pinned Clark, 1:02; 132 — Johnson (SH) pinned Turner, 5:52; 138 — Alexander (OV) won by forfeit; 145 — Gehring (SH) maj. dec. Lambert, 12-2; 152 — Wertz (OV) pinned Kramer, :35; 160 — Houck (SH) pinned Wehr, 4:51; 170 — Laub (OV) pinned Weiser, 3:24; 182 — Wagner (OV) won by forfeit; 195 — Karas (OV) won by forfeit; 220 — Zweizig (OV) pinned Tarlecky, 3:59
Pen Argyl 42
Tamaqua 24
PEN ARGYL — Bronson Strouse (220) and Caleb Sell (106) won by fall for Tamaqua (1-14) in a non-league loss Monday to Pen Argyl.
Tanner McHugh (132) added a win by disqualification for the Blue Raiders.
113 — Demetriades (T) won by forfeit; 120 — Lucca (PA) pinned Minehan, 3:59; 126 — N. Reto (PA) dec. Mader, 10-4; 132 — McHugh (T) disqualification over A. Reto, TNA; 138 — Sims (PA) pinned Holland, 1:20; 145 — Maldonado (PA) pinned B. Eberts, 4:35; 152 — Knecht (PA) won by forfeit; 160 — Anklam (PA) won by forfeit; 170 — Beltz (PA) won by forfeit; 182 — No bout; 195 — No bout; 220 — Strouse (T) pinned Lohman, 5:25; 285 — Hughes (PA) won by forfeit; 106 — Sell (T) pinned Madeya, 3:03
*Pen Argyl had 3 team points deducted for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Girls' Basketball
Jim Thorpe 74
Weatherly 48
WEATHERLY — Kayley Kovac scored eight of their game-high 20 points in the first period as Jim Thorpe pulled away from Weatherly in a non-league game.
Kaitlyn Ohl added 16 points and Payton Kovac contributed 10 for the Olympians, who attempted 43 foul shots in the game.
Emily Zoscin tallied 18 points to pace Weatherly.
JIM THORPE (74) — Richards 2 0-2 5, P. Kovac 3 3-6 10, Scott 0 0-0 0, Condly 0 2-3 2, Berger 0 0-0 0, Ohl 7 2-4 16, Naranjo 0 1-4 1, K. Kovac 8 14-18 30, Skrimcovsky 1 0-0 2, Lignore 3 1-4 7, Gabel 0 1-2 1, Craigie 0 0-0 0. Totals 24 24-43 74.
WEATHERLY (48) — Zoscin 4 8-12 18, Hinkle 1 1-2 3, Hoffman 3 0-0 9, Peifer 1 3-4 5, Caravella 3 0-0 8, DeSpirito 0 0-1 0, Hinkle 0 2-2 2, Gower 0 0-0 0, Henry 0 0-0 0, Obert 1 1-2 3. Totals 13 15-23 48.
JT (13-9) 19 16 19 20 — 74 Wea (8-13) 9 11 17 11 — 48
3-point FGs: Richards, P. Kovac, Zoscin 2, Hoffman 3, Caravella 2
JV score: Jim Thorpe 33-23
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Friday banned the export of weapons and defence services to South Sudan, stepping up pressure against President Salva Kiir to end the country's four-year civil war.
While the United States does not conduct arms sales with South Sudan, the move prevents any U.S. company or citizen from providing military equipment or defence services to the country's warring factions.
The unilateral arms embargo was another signal that Washington is losing patience with South Sudan's leaders after repeated agreements to end the violence. The war has been marked by brutal attacks against civilians, which has sparked the region's biggest refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
In South Sudan's capital Juba, Kiir's spokesperson Ateny Wek Ateny declined to comment.
The Trump administration has pressed neighbouring countries and African groups, such as the eight-member Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), to sanction South Sudanese officials who undermine the peace process.
The State Department said in a statement it would amend the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) to reflect the arms ban on South Sudan. Other countries on the blacklist include Belarus, China, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Venezuela.
OFFICIALS SANCTIONED
Some top officials close to Kiir have already been sanctioned by the United States, including the once-powerful army chief Paul Malong, who was later fired and forced into exile when they quarrelled with the president.
The African Union on Monday said it was open to impose sanctions on leaders violating ceasefires in South Sudan, joining a chorus of officials who say those prolonging the conflict must be punished.
U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the U.N. Security Council last week it was time to impose a U.N. arms embargo on South Sudan. Haley visited South Sudan in late October and met with Kiir.
The Obama administration had failed to convince the United Nations to back an arms embargo in 2016.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir Mayardit attends the 30th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of the Heads of State and the Government of the African Union in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia January 28, 2018. REUTERS/Tiksa Negeri
Any U.S. push for the U.N. Security Council to take further action against South Sudan is likely to be resisted by veto power Russia. The council, however, sanctioned several senior South Sudanese officials on both sides of the conflict in 2015.
“The time has come to acknowledge the hard reality that the leaders of South Sudan are not just failing their people, they are betraying them. And so this Council is at a crossroads,” Haley told the council last Wednesday. “We cannot stand by idly as innocent civilians are murdered and raped.”
Brian Adeba of the Enough Project, a Washington-based policy group fighting to prevent genocide and atrocities, said a weapons ban would be more effective if it was imposed by a group of countries, including some in Africa.
“A unilateral action risks being symbolic,” they said, adding, “However, we believe that the United States should not just restrict this to an arms embargo, but should escalate this by enacting more targeted financial pressures.”
WAR
Oil-rich South Sudan has been wrecked by civil war since 2013, when troops loyal to Kiir clashed with troops loyal to then-Vice President Riek Machar.
The conflict has claimed tens of thousands of lives since then, slashed oil production and driven about a third of the population of 12 million from their homes.
The European Union imposed an arms embargo on Sudan in 1994, which was amended to also apply to South Sudan when the country gained independence from Sudan in 2011.
Independent U.N. experts have reported to the U.N. Security Council that South Sudan's government has spent millions of dollars on weapons as the country slid into famine and an economic crisis.
In January 2016, U.N. experts reported that sources had told them: “Uganda either supplies South Sudan with its own stock or acquires the weapons and then transfers them to South Sudan, without necessarily involving or obtaining the consent of the primary seller.”
Last year, the U.N. experts said: “Weapons continue to flow into South Sudan from diverse sources, often with the coordination of neighbouring countries.”
Dundalk business McKenna man has hit headlines across the country after they honoured a 23-year-old voucher brought in by a customer.
Staff say they were “surprised” when the lady arrived into the store last Friday with a gift voucher which was issued in 1995
And the local menswear business has received much praise online for standing true to their word that they will redeem all vouchers, no matter how long they've been sitting in the drawer at home.
Manager and director Conor McKenna told the Dundalk Democrat that the popular menswear store never puts expiry dates on their vouchers.
They said: “We are delighted to issue gift vouchers for our customers and we were delighted to redeem this one. Although most people do honour their vouchers a little quicker than this one!”
Manager Conor also revealed to the Democrat that staff had a bit of bother converting the 1995 voucher from punts into a more modern currency.
“Our staff member who redeemed the voucher for the lady would have been two-years-old when it was issued, so they had to get someone to convert it,” Conor explained.
“The voucher was for 60 punts so we had to do a bit of asking around to get it converted into Euros.” After a bit of asking around the store's accountant managed to convert the old Irish currency to €76. The customer in question bought a shirt.
The unusual yarn has certainly been good for business. Conor told how the publicity and positive feedback has been “completely unexpected.”
They said: “I posted the voucher up for nostalgia. It features our original logo which I thought people might remember from the classic bags.”
And the manager thinks that more businesses should adopt their approach. They concluded: “The Shop Local vouchers in Dundalk have no expiry date. I think it's a great idea and that customers appreciate it.”
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - BT, Britain's biggest broadband and mobile provider, broadly met market forecasts with a 25 percent rise in third-quarter pretax profit and said it remained confident about its full-year outcome.
Pretax profit for the quarter was 660 million pounds ($941 million) on revenue of 5.97 billion pounds, down 3 percent on a year earlier, it said on Friday.
“Our third quarter financial results are broadly in line with our expectations and we remain confident in our outlook for the full year,” Chief Executive Gavin Patterson said on Friday.
​ ($1 = 0.7011 pounds) (Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton)
Republican Hempstead Town Tax Receiver Don Clavin made a point this week of blaming Nassau County — now run by Democratic County Executive Laura Curran — for a mistake in some 36,000 sewer bills.
Clavin included a notice, announcing in eye-catching blue and red: “Oops...Nassau County Goofed! Attached is a corrected tax bill” when they sent second half general tax bills to property owners in the villages of Rockville Centre, Hempstead, Freeport and Garden City.
Clavin also sent a letter explaining the county' error in overcharging the village residents hundreds of dollars in taxes for sewer disposal.
“This overcharge was the result of Nassau County providing the town with a defective tax roll, the basis upon which tax bills are issued,” Clavin wrote. “As soon as my office uncovered Nassau's error, we immediately contacted the county and insisted that they correct the mistake.”
But Nassau spokesperson Michael Martino said Clavin didn't find the error.
“It was a problem created by the prior adminstration that was discovered by the villages.” Martino said. “County Executive Curran took immediate corrective action.”
Curran in February announced that the previous Republican administration of Edward Mangano mistakenly had charged homeowners in the four Hempstead Town villages and the Village of Mineola in North Hempstead for a sewer tax increase that was supposed to be shared by all county property owners. The mistake hiked sewer fees in the five villages by about 75 percent.
Curran said overcharged property owners will receive a refund and asked the county comptroller to identify ways to prevent the error from occurring again. No explanation has been given to date for the mistake.
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Officials said refunds will not go out until the entire general tax levy is collected by Aug. 31. Clavin's letter directed residents to call the county treasurer's office to check on their refund and, helpfully, printed the county treasurer's phone number.
Martino suggested that Clavin's mailing was campaign-oriented.
Clavin responded, “I'm not running for office this year. It was their error. I have to clean up their mess.”
GRANDVIEW, Mo. — Several fires that started in Grandview over the weekend may have been set on purpose, investigators said.
"It's pretty scary that this stuff actually happens and everything," said Tiffany Fike, a Stoneybrook South Residen who was inside their apartment when flames broke out at the complex. "All I really saw was the fire trucks and I saw the lights."
The Grandview Fire Department was on their way to another fire in the area when they saw flames at Stoneybrook South, located on Thomas Avenue.
"Turned out we had this fire and two other fires a block away at a senior complex," Grandview Fire Marshal Lewis Austin said.
Just after 12:30 a.m. Sunday, the call came in that a dumpster was on fire at Prairie Estates on Jones Avenue. When firefighters arrived, they found a second fire behind the maintenance building.
"It's very suspicious that we have three fires within a block of each other," Austin said.
Fike said there had been problems at Stoneybrook South Apartments, where the most damage took place. They said recently, the maintenance crew had been finding homeless people inside their buildings.
"He's kicking people out of the laundry room all of the time," Fike said.
While investigators believe the fires were started on purpose, Fike said they believe they know why.
"The maintenance guy just kicked somebody out of the laundry room. [The fire] happened about 25 minutes later, so I'm thinking they got mad at them for kicking them out," Fike said.
Austin said they agree.
"Someone is upset about something. There's something that teed somebody off. That's why they'll use fire to get back at somebody. A revenge thing," Austin said.
Anyone with information about the fires is encouraged to call Austin at (816) 316-4961.
—
JERUSALEM (AP) - A hard-line Israeli lawmaker is sarcastically thanking Twitter for briefly freezing their account following a post they wrote about wishing a teen Palestinian protester had been shot.
Bezalel Smotrich of the Jewish Home party says Tuesday that Twitter had given greater prominence to their stance that the 17-year-old was a "terrorist."
Smotrich says Twitter's "bullying" unmasked the liberals who "support free speech for all as long as you think just like them."
Smotrich says they were cut off for about 12 hours after their post about Ahed Tamimi, who is serving an eight-month prison term for slapping and kicking Israeli soldiers outside their West Bank home.
Smotrich wrote that instead of arresting her, the soldiers should have shot them in the knee to put them in "home arrest for life."
Market Overview:
Kombucha is gaining popularity among the globe owing to its various health beneficial properties.
Kombucha is termed as a functional beverage processed by fermentation of tea. It is rich in nutrition and also contains antioxidants which assist to fight several diseases. It supports various health benefits including mental health, liver health, weight health and many others. It is also available in different flavors which are introduced through natural herbs and spices to enhance the dietary profile of the product. It has been witnessed that the Kombucha market is gaining popularity in the western world.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2191
Increasing health awareness among the consumers and their inclination towards functional beverages is boosting the growth of Kombucha market globally. Moreover, increasing cases of health related issues among the population creates an opportunistic market for Kombucha. Also, addition of new flavors and attractive packaging by the manufacturers is positively affecting the growth of the market. However, lack of awareness of the product among the customers may hamper the growth of the market. Nevertheless, promotional activities and marketing initiatives by the manufacturers can assist the market growth of Kombucha.
Competitive Analysis:
The key players involved in this market are highly focused into new product launches. Manufacturers are coming up with new natural flavors which enhances the health properties of the product. Moreover, they are also making efforts for increasing their geographical presence through acquisitions and mergers. Also, innovative packaging and strong marketing activities are among their strategic efforts to grow the market.
The key players profiled in the Kombucha market report are Kevita, Inc. (Canada), Kombucha Wonder Drink (U.S.), Kosmic Kombucha (U.S.), Live Soda Kombucha (U.S.), Makana Beverages Inc. (U.S.), Nesalla Kombucha (U.S.), Reed's Inc (U.S.), Buchi Kombucha (U.S.), and Gt's Kombucha (U.S.) among many others.
Latest Industry Updates:
April 2018: GT's Living Foods, makers of the original Kombucha and number-one selling brand in the U.S launched Bloom Kombucha
March 2018: Wonder Drink Kombucha has launched its newest product, Prebiotic Kombucha
July 2017: Suja welcomed a prominent new addition to its expanding family of organic health beverage products by offering organic kombucha at Costco stores
July 2016: BluePrint, a leader in developing cold-pressed juices and juice drinks, launched a new line of certified USDA organic Kombucha Drinks
Market Segments:
The global Kombucha market has been divided into source, product type, packaging, distribution channel, and region.
On The Basis Of Type: Green tea, Black tea, and Others
On The Basis Of Packaging material: Plastic, Metal, Glass, and Others
On The Basis Of Distribution Channel: Store Based, and Non Store Based
On The Basis Of Region: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and ROW.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/kombucha-market-2191
Regional Analysis:
On the basis of region, the global kombucha market is mainly segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and RoW. Among them, North America witnessed the major market share in which the U.S. dominates the market followed by Canada. High inclination towards functional beverages among the population is mainly driving the market for kombucha in North America. Also, growing trend of ready-to-drink beverages in Europe has opened doors for kombucha in this region.
Asia Pacific is projected to have a substantial growth over the forecast period based on high traction from the developing countries. Changing lifestyle and increasing disposable income is also assisting the growth of the market in this region. Various health benefits associated with the product will surge the growth of the kombucha market in the rest of the world.
Head Coach Darin Erstad and the reigning Big Ten regular-season champion Nebraska baseball team announced its 2018 schedule on Friday, which includes 27 home games at Hawks Field.
Nebraska opens its season with eight neutral-site games during two trips to Arizona. NU's season opener is set for Feb. 16 at the Husker Classic in Tempe, Ariz. The teams competing at the Husker Classic are UC Riverside and Washington State. NU will play four games from Feb. 16-18, including a doubleheader on Feb. 17.
The Big Ten/Pac-12 Challenge is set for Feb. 22-25 at Surprise Stadium in Surprise, Ariz. Nebraska faces 2017 College World Series participant Oregon State on Feb. 22 and 24, and battles Utah on Feb. 23 and 25.
The Huskers visit Wichita State, March 2-4, for the first three of 21 true road games during the season. The two teams last met in 2016 at Hawks Field, with NU taking two of three from the Shockers.
March 8 marks the first home game for the Huskers in 2018, and the beginning of a nine-game home stand for the Big Red at Hawks Field. A four-game set against Cal Poly begins on March 8 and ends with a doubleheader on March 10. Nebraska then hosts Northern Colorado for the 15th consecutive season when the Huskers and Bears square off on March 13 and 14 at Hawks Field. The first home stand finishes with a three-game series against Northwestern State from March 16-18 at Hawks Field. NU has faced the Demons on three occasions, with the previous meetings taking place in 2000, 2001 and 2004.
Nebraska visits Oral Roberts for a two-game set, March 20-21, before returning home to begin Big Ten play against Minnesota at Hawks Field, March 23-25. The Golden Gophers, who finished third in the conference last season, took home the regular-season title in 2016. The Huskers won two of three over Minnesota on the road last year. In 2018, Nebraska has 24 conference games and 32 non-conference games scheduled.
The Huskers will face intrastate rival Creighton three times during the 2018 campaign, with the first meeting set for March 27 at TD Ameritrade Park in Omaha, Neb. The Huskers host the Bluejays on April 24 at Hawks Field before wrapping up the season series on May 8 in Omaha. NU also has a season series with the Omaha Mavericks. The first matchup is scheduled for April 3 at Werner Park in Omaha, Neb., before NU hosts the Mavericks on April 18 at Hawks Field.
Nebraska's road conference slate commences March 30-April 1 at Ohio State. After playing 18 games in March, the Huskers have 20 games in April. Nebraska also visits Michigan State (April 6-8), Rutgers (April 20-22) and Illinois (May 17-19) during conference play.
The Huskers have two midweek games scheduled against former conference foe Kansas State in April. NU travels to Manhattan, Kan., on April 10, before hosting the Wildcats on April 17. Nebraska ends the month of April with a three-game series against Nevada, set for April 26-28. The Huskers and Wolfpack previously met in 1986, 1987, 1992 and 1994.
In addition to the Minnesota series at home, NU will host three additional Big Ten series at Hawks Field. 2017 NCAA Tournament qualifiers Iowa (April 13-15), Maryland (May 4-6) and Indiana (May 11-13) come to Hawks Field during the 2018 season. The Hawkeyes, who also visited Lincoln last season, captured the 2017 Big Ten Tournament crown.
The Big Ten Tournament is scheduled for May 23-27 at TD Ameritrade Park in Omaha, Neb. The Huskers have qualified for the Big Ten Tournament during each of the last six seasons since NU joined the conference before the 2012 campaign. Nebraska took runner-up honors at the Big Ten Tournament in 2013 and 2014.
In addition to capturing the Big Ten regular-season crown in 2017, the Huskers qualified for the NCAA Tournament for the third time in the last four years. Erstad, who was named Big Ten Coach of the Year, led NU to a 35-22-1 record overall, which included a 16-7-1 mark in conference play.
New season tickets for the 2018 season can be purchased starting on Saturday, Oct. 7 by visiting Huskers.com/tickets. Current season ticket holders will receive renewal information in the near future. Improvements and additional purchases will be available in January during the Seat Yourself process, which allows fans to choose their own seats at Hawks Field.
Youssef Delileche, Algerian ambassador to Ghana has presented a 15 draft agreement to the Minister of Youth and Sports, Mr. Isaac Kwame Asiamah, seeking to partner Ghana in sports development.
Delileche told the Ghana News Agency (GNA) Sports that the agreement presents a lot of opportunities for both countries.
“The partnership is mainly between sports institutions of both countries, aimed at the development of training staff in sports to develop the major national teams in football, athletics and infrastructure.
“This agreement will also help deepen the relationship between the countries that is why we deem it fit to have such a partnership.”
Mr Asiamah was optimistic that the agreement would benefit both countries as their Ministry is committed to youth and sports development.
“This will create opportunities for young people. It is good for the future and would help to realise the dream this government has for the youth.
“We want to use the youth to transform the country and we will achieve that through sports. It's an avenue to create employment through the various sporting disciplines in the country”.
According to Mr. Asiamah, the youth would be ‘engaged productively to become more useful and productive to help drive the nation forward.'
Meanwhile, Mr. Asiamah has announced that government will soon construct three Community Parks in some parts of the country.
The initiative is aimed at engaging the youth in exercising and keeping fit and to promote the development of sports in the country.
Mr. Asiamah made this known when they visited the Accra Sports Stadium and the Azumah Nelson Sports Complex on a working tour last week.
They reiterated governments support to the youth and creating an enabling atmosphere for them to thrive to help the nation forward.
“We promised the people of Ghana more stadia across the country and we will see to that.
“We have plans far advanced to also construct multi-purpose community parks nationwide, but three of them will start by June,” they said.
According to Mr. Asiamah, the construction of the multi-purpose community parks would serve as play grounds for communities, where children could play and exercise as well.-GNA
The rings have the red-garnet-coloured Toronto FC emblem in a black circle on the front, framed with the words MLS Cup on top and Champions below.
The player's name and number — complete with diamond — are on one side. The Philip F. Anschutz Trophy and team motto "All for One" adorns the other.
The team's 20-5-9 regular-season record and MLS record 59 points are inscribed on the inside of the ring. There are three stones stamped into the bottom of the ring to mark the three trophies won: the MLS Cup, Canadian Championship and Supporters' Shield.
Baron says it takes 10-12 weeks to make the rings. The process starts with a 3-D modelling program, which becomes a wax model that is cast.
The MLSE order called for 795 rings, with the exact bling varying over five different tiers.
"Every (MLSE) staff member is getting one," said Manning, who already has an MLS championship ring from 2009 with Real Salt Lake and a USL ring from 1999 with the Minnesota Thunder plus an NFC Conference champions ring in 2004 with the Philadelphia Eagles.
That includes the soccer team's "go-to babysitters" and BMO Field security.
"When we say all for one, it does mean everybody," said Manning
The staff rings are slated to be handed out Thursday.
The TFC boss declined to say how much the player rings cost.
"But I'll tell you that we as a company invested a lot of money not only for the players but our staff," they said.
Suffice to say you could probably buy a modest economy car with the cost of the deluxe players' ring.
The TFC players were quick to show off the new bling on social media. Striker Jozy Altidore posted a photo of themselves wearing the massive rink on their little finger.
"I would pinky swear, but my pinky ring is too big," they wrote.
Italian forward Sebastian Giovinco posted a close-up of their ring-wearing hand with the caption "The Lord of the Ring."
"Got a Ring!!!" tweeted defender Chris Mavinga, with several shots of their new jewelry.
Baron Championship Rings is a family affair, founded some 30 years ago. Richard Baron started with a Toronto jewelry store that did class and other rings but the business expanded into championship rings about 10 years ago.
Baron and Jostens, based out of Minneapolis, are the big players in championship bling. Jostens did the rings for the Houston Astros, Seattle Sounders, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots and Chicago Cubs to celebrate their recent titles and have partnered with the reigning NFL champion Philadelphia Eagles.
By the Bling
A look at the Toronto FC player championship rings:
— Each one has an approximate 3.30 carat weight.
— The ring includes 132 round brilliant diamonds, 42 princess-cut black diamonds, 2 custom-made black onyx stones (for the T logo), and a red garnet stone (with Toronto encrusted in it).
— The ring is 10-karat white gold ring with a 14-karat yellow gold star at the top.
— All rings weighs about 80 to 85 grams (depending on finger size), measuring 30 by 34 millimetres.
(Source: Baron Championship Rings)
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Gallatin County Sheriff Injured After Hitting Deer Gallatin County Sheriff Injured After Hitting Deer A Gallatin County Sheriff is recovering at the Benefis Hospital in Great Falls after a motorcycle crash on August 5th. Sheriff Brian Gootkin hit a deer outside of White Sulphur Springs. They were taken by medical helicopter to the hospital. They suffered several injuries, but none were life-threatening. Luckily, Sheriff Gootkin was wearing all of their protective gear, including a helmet.  They are expected to make a full recovery. A Gallatin County Sheriff is recovering at the Benefis Hospital in Great Falls after a motorcycle crash on August 5th. Sheriff Brian Gootkin hit a deer outside of White Sulphur Springs. They were taken by medical helicopter to the hospital. They suffered several injuries, but none were life-threatening. Luckily, Sheriff Gootkin was wearing all of their protective gear, including a helmet.  They are expected to make a full recovery.
Funeral Procession Planned For Fallen Firefighter Funeral Procession Planned For Fallen Firefighter A procession for Vista Grande Hotshot who died while fighting the Lolo Peak Fire on August 2nd is planned for Monday, August 7th. The procession for Brent Witham will begin at 9 a.m. at the Garden City Funeral Home. It will proceed west along Broadway before ending at the Aerial Fire Depot. The public is asked to line Broadway between Garden City Funeral Home and the Reserve Street overpass by 8:30 a.m. The public is asked not to line/park on Broadway west of the overpass f... A procession for Vista Grande Hotshot who died while fighting the Lolo Peak Fire on August 2nd is planned for Monday, August 7th. The procession for Brent Witham will begin at 9 a.m. at the Garden City Funeral Home. It will proceed west along Broadway before ending at the Aerial Fire Depot. The public is asked to line Broadway between Garden City Funeral Home and the Reserve Street overpass by 8:30 a.m. The public is asked not to line/park on Broadway west of the overpass f...
Tester Breaks Washington Gridlock, Passes Seven Bills Through Senate Tester Breaks Washington Gridlock, Passes Seven Bills Through Senate Lincoln, MT - U.S. Senator Jon Tester worked with Republicans and Democrats this week to pass seven bills through Senate. The seven bills, authored by Tester, help veterans get the care and benefits that they need, hire more firefighters to Montana, and help rural families connect with the world. All seven bills received unanimous support in the Senate this week. Two of those bills now go to President Trump's desk. The bills were as follows: VA Choice and Quality Emplo... Lincoln, MT - U.S. Senator Jon Tester worked with Republicans and Democrats this week to pass seven bills through Senate. The seven bills, authored by Tester, help veterans get the care and benefits that they need, hire more firefighters to Montana, and help rural families connect with the world. All seven bills received unanimous support in the Senate this week. Two of those bills now go to President Trump's desk. The bills were as follows: VA Choice and Quality Emplo...
By
Jason Duane Roberts and Jared B Smith, both of Manchester have been named to the Hazard Community and Technical College Dean's List for the spring 2017 semester. To be named to the Dean's List, a student must attain a grade point average of 3.5 or higher on a 4.0 scale and successfully complete at least 12-18 KCTCS semester credits of course work numbered 100 or above (excluding any courses considered developmental).
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
http://www.hazard-herald.com/news/7265/hctc-honors-deans-list-students-for-spring-semester-2
Aamir Khan's Dangal has managed to show superb growth on its 2nd Sunday (1st January) and crossed the benchmark of 250 crores at the box office within 10 Days.
This biographical sports drama has raked in 31.37 crores yesterday and now stands with a total of 270.47 crores at the Box Office.
Dangal is all set to cross the 300 crore mark by its 2nd week at the domestic market.
Directed by Nitesh Tiwari, the film also stars Sakshi Tanwar, Sanya Malhotra and Fatima Sana Shaikh in key roles.
WASHINGTON — Saturday's snowfall smashed some records, but at the end of the day it was more of a minor dusting than a major storm.
The National Weather Service said that only 2.4 inches of snow fell at the National Zoo.
That raises the question: If a major snowstorm hit D.C., will the city be ready?
“I believe that this coming winter season we are better prepared than we have ever been for snow and winter events,” said Chris Rodriguez, the director of the D.C. Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency.
The District has not always had a sterling reputation for snow removal, but Rodriguez said equipment and technological upgrades should improve matters.
They also pointed to two recent tests that left them feeling optimistic, including one in which snow plows and other snow removal equipment ran through their routes District-wide .
“I have to say, we were very pleased with how quickly we were able to respond to a notional snow event,” Rodriguez said. “We can see where every plow is in the city, and what its status is and what routes it has plowed, so that we can be very transparent and accountable to the residents of the District who have very high expectations of snow removal. So I think we're in a much better place and we're in the best position possible.”
Rodriguez said their department has made a priority of communicating with the public before a storm hits.
“Communicating with the public upfront and making sure they have the tools and resources necessary to put themselves in the best position possible before a weather event happens, I think, is critical,” they said.
They pointed to two D.C. websites — one on preparing for any sort of weather event, another that lets residents track D.C.'s response and recovery efforts.
But they did acknowledge that at least part of the District's response is in the hands of the weather gods.
“A lot of our response is obviously event-dependent,” they said. “There's certainly a difference between 2 inches of snow and 20 inches of snow.”
WTOP's Dick Uliano contributed to this report.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today.”
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and “totally disputed in most cases.” It said “the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes.”
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement “laughable.”
Advertisement
Crooks says of sexual misconduct: “I think politicians seem to be immune to this.”
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior.
TORONTO — The Roughriders are ranked last overall in rushing, but Toronto defensive back says they Jermaine Gabriel expects the ground game to be a key element of Saskatchewan's offensive attack Saturday.
The Argonauts (7-7) host Saskatchewan (7-6) at BMO Field looking for a fourth straight win.
Trent Richardson, a former first-round pick of the NFL's Cleveland Browns, will make their CFL debut with a Saskatchewan team averaging a league-low 69.8 yards rushing per game.
Toronto is ranked third against the run (86.4 yards per game) but has allowed over 120 yards rushing in its last two contests.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Mohamed Salah for Liverpool in the Premier League this season:
Most shots (132)
Most take-ons (76)
Most chances created (57)
Most goals (31)
Most assists (9)
PFA Player of the Year. pic.twitter.com/LkPLokvJ5y
Villa Park (Calif.) quarterback Paul Piferi is Oregon State's top quarterback on the board and there's not much of an argument about it.
The 6-foot-5, 210-pounder took an unofficial visit to Oregon State during Memorial Day weekend and messaged BeaversEdge.com about their visit.
"The coaches were very excited for me as I was for them," Piferi said on Wednesday. "I think they do a great job coaching the players to become better students and football players."
In an interview with Piferi last week, they told BeaversEdge.com that they will be visiting Purdue for the weekend of June 8 for an official visit and is also trying to squeeze in a visit to Missouri. They have several family members who graduated from Missouri.
"Academics factor in the top two things I look for in a school with both of my parents being engineers," they said. "Academics has been important to me from an early age."
Piferi plans on announcing their commitment no later than June 14.
The Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is expected to release an update Friday, detailing the latest numbers on the spread of this season's flu virus.
Scroll for more content...
The head of the influenza division will give an update on how the virus is spreading and what types of trends they're noticing.
A week ago, the CDC said flu cases were on the rise nationally. 37 people have died in Georgia since the flu season began and health officials expect that number to rise in the coming weeks. They say we're still about two to three weeks away from the peak of the season.
People CBS46 talked with who work in the medical industry say the flu isn't going anywhere, anytime soon.
Dr. Ben Lefkove, an emergency room physician, tells CBS46 News that 20 percent of their medical group has been sick with flu-like symptoms. They also say their boss called in sick to work for the first time in 12 years.
When health professionals get sick, that causes a domino effect. Patients have to wait longer to be seen and for their test results to come back. CBS46 asked Dr. Lefkove what precautions people can take to avoid getting the illness.
"I do good handwashing, washing hands when I go in and out of any room," said Dr. Lefkove. "Try not to touch your mouth, face or any food while at work. And I advise others, the patients, when they're leaving, make sure they do really good hand-washing. If you have really young relatives, elderly relatives, inform relatives, people with immuno-compromise, that they should keep away from those family members who have the flu."
Health officials also advise parents if they have a sick child and a healthy child, do not bring the healthy child to the hospital or doctor's office waiting room.
As the virus continues to wreak havoc, frustrated Florida nurse Katherine Lockler recorded a YouTube video warning people to avoid the emergency room, if possible.
The Long Island Rail Road said Monday that it is investigating an incident involving debris on the tracks that disrupted service Sunday night on the Port Jefferson branch.
A train hit the debris on the tracks near Syosset about 8 p.m., causing service to be suspended between Hicksville and Huntington for about 30 minutes, authorities said.
“The train struck debris on the tracks. It appears to be fencing. The incident is currently under investigation,” LIRR spokesperson Nancy Gammerman said.
They could not explain how the debris got on the tracks.
Firefighters on Sunday night were seen using a handheld extinguisher on the debris on the tracks.
Two Huntington-bound trains from Penn Station were canceled because of the incident.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
A platform railing on the eastbound side of the tracks, a bike rack and chain link security fencing had visible, severe damage.
The railroad said the incident did not affect Monday morning's commute.
Janet Gonzalez of Northport had spent time shopping in the city on Sunday and was headed home on the Huntington-bound LIRR train when they heard a loud noise and felt the impact of the train hitting something.
“I saw like a little bit of sparks,” said Gonzalez, 29. “It was a little bit scary.”
But they said the crash was not especially powerful — no one in their car fell down or appeared injured.
The worst part of the ordeal, they said, was what they called a lack of communication from the LIRR.
“They just told us to get a taxi, but it's so expensive to get a taxi to Huntington, like $30,” they said, as they waited on the platform.
With William Murphy
Photo: AFP
An American skier died on Sunday after falling hundreds of metres during a trip with friends to France's highest mountain Mont Blanc. An investigation has been launched.
The 37-year-old skier fell "hundreds of metres" according to reports on BFM TV on Sunday afternoon when skiing down a corridor in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps.
According to initial investigation by specialist mountain police the skier made a "technical error" that resulted in their fatal fall.  They are believed to have died instantly.
The accident took place at 3,100 metres altitude high up on the slopes of Europe's highest mountain in an area known as the Cosmiques corridor underneath the Aiguille du midi.
The route is well known for being steep and rocky.
The skiers friends raised the alarm and French police will now fully investigate the accident.
Chris Pratt is spending quality time with their son in the midst of their split from Anna Faris.
The Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 actor was spotted out taking their almost 5-year-old son Jack to the Zoe Church service at the Del Rey Theater in Los Angeles Sunday morning as a source says they looked happy to be out and about.
“Chris looked good. They were in a great mood,” the source tells PEOPLE. “He seemed happy to be out with their son. They met up with friends for the church service.”
The actor, 38, kept in casual in a dark grey v-neck shirt with jeans and light grey shoes as they carried Jack. The little guy seems to be taking after their dad's outdoor-loving roots as they wore a wide-brimmed hat and cowboy boots. Pratt raved about Jack's interest in nature in a recent Instagram post, sharing they were proud of their son for holding their own barracuda.
RELATED VIDEO: Chris Pratt Steps Out at Teen Choice Awards for First Public Appearance Since Announcing Separation From Anna Faris
The outing was the first time Pratt was photographed since announcing their separation from Faris a week ago. Later on Sunday, the actor also made an appearance at the Teen Choice Awards, where they won the surfboard for choice action movie actor and choice sci-fi movie actor.
The actor joked about the lies they had to tell when they first moved to Hollywood in their acceptance speech before giving thanks to their “Lord and savior Jesus Christ” for getting them where they are today.
Rory McIlroy celebrates after sinking a birdie putt on the 18th green to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill Club & Lodge in Orlando on Sunday, March 18, 2018. (Stephen M. Dowell /Orlando Sentinel via AP)
Rory McIlroy celebrates after sinking a birdie putt on the 18th green to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill Club & Lodge in Orlando on Sunday, March 18, 2018. (Stephen M. Dowell /Orlando Sentinel via AP)
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Rory McIlroy had their first Arnold Palmer moment before the tournament even started.
They had just finished their pro-am round at Bay Hill and was about to walk out of the tunnel leading from the 18th green when a man asked them for a picture. McIlroy obliged, because they usually do. But this was different.
The man handed them a black bolero hat and told McIlroy it was from their squadron when they served in Vietnam. They didn't want a selfie with McIlroy. They wanted a picture of McIlroy wearing the hat that meant so much to him. The hat looked awkward on them with golfing attire, but McIlroy didn't mind.
It's all about giving the fans what they want.
Then the 28-year-old from Northern Ireland gave them something even better with what McIlroy described as a "perfect round of golf," certainly the closing stretch. They birdied five of the last six holes, capping it off with a 25-foot putt on the 18th hole to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
That ended their longest drought without a victory in eight years, and it cast them in a new light with the Masters approaching.
McIlroy had fallen to No. 13 in the world when they missed the cut the previous week at the Valspar Championship, their second missed cut in four PGA Tour events this year. They had not been that low in the ranking since April 25, 2010.
It's not that they were forgotten; rather, attention was shifting to so many others that it was easy to feel overlooked. All it took was one victory for the conversation to include their bid for a green jacket to complete the career Grand Slam.
"It's huge for my confidence going into the next few weeks," McIlroy said. "I kept saying I didn't need a win going into Augusta to feel like I had a chance. I just wanted to see signs of good golf. And thankfully, I've been able to get both."
Just don't get the idea their confidence was lagging.
McIlroy always says that when he's playing well, it's hard to remember ever playing poorly. And when he's playing poorly, it's hard to remember what it was like to play well. But they have a history of going through spurts of mediocrity, and coming out of it strong without notice. Most memorable was in 2012 when they missed the cut four times in five tournaments. Two months later, they won the PGA Championship and consecutive FedEx Cup playoff events.
Three times in their career, McIlroy has won in their next start after missing the cut. Five other times, they won after finishing out of the top 30.
That's why they aren't the least bit concerned after missing the cut at the Valspar Championship.
"It's such a fine line out here, and I might have sounded crazy the last few weeks when I was telling everyone it actually feels pretty close and I'm not that far away, and I'm putting up 72s and 73s," they said. "And all of a sudden, it all clicks into place and I end up winning a golf tournament by three shots and shooting 8 under on the last day. So it's fine lines out here. I think you have to play the game to really appreciate that. It's not as black and white as some people make it out to be."
They could think of only one time they were genuinely worried about their game.
McIlroy was 19 and in their first full year as a pro in 2008. They had only two top 10s all year on the European Tour. They aren't eligible for any of the majors. They had missed three straight cuts in Sweden, Holland and Scotland. They were concerned they might lose their card. And then they lost in a playoff in Switzerland, lost in another playoff in Hong Kong and won their first pro event early in the next year.
"And I was off and running," they said.
McIlroy reached No. 50 with that playoff loss in Hong Kong, and they haven't fallen out since then. He's had a few dips, sure, "but it's not as if I've had to panic."
Palmer and McIlroy share one other connection, at least for now. They are one leg short of the Grand Slam. Palmer never won the PGA Championship. McIlroy needs the Masters. When they had dinner at Bay Hill in 2015 - right before McIlroy's first crack at the fourth leg of the slam - the topic never came up.
"It's amazing to think, all that Arnold did in the game, they never won that Grand Slam," McIlroy said.
McIlroy at the Masters, Phil Mickelson at the U.S. Open and Jordan Spieth at the PGA Championship each have a chance at the career slam this year.
"I'm glad to be part of that conversation, get the first shot at it in a few weeks," McIlroy said. "So we'll see how we go."
Their game is never far away, even if it doesn't look like it at times.
Jim Fitzgerald, a longtime Associated Press writer and editor in New York who helped shape the news service's coverage of stories from terror attacks to the evolving landscape of aging, died yesterday. They were 66.
Fitzgerald, who worked for the AP for 43 years before retiring in December, had been fighting leukemia for more than a year and a half. They died at a New York hospital, said their wife, Ellen Nimmons, a manager at AP's headquarters.
During decades of covering New York City's northern suburbs and editing local and national stories, Fitzgerald was known for handling some of the top news of the day with a can-do demeanor, professionalism, fairness and grace. Their trademark answer to an everyday “How are you?”: “Never better.”
In a telling measure of Fitzgerald's generosity and commitment, the New York journalism organization Society of the Silurians honored them in 2014 with its Peter Kihss Award, which recognizes distinguished reporters who mentor younger colleagues.
With that award, they told the group, “I have made it to the big time.”
Fitzgerald joined the AP in New York in 1973, writing stories for radio and TV use. They moved on to what was then called the General Desk, editing stories for national and international distribution and helping supervise coverage of major news — and meeting Nimmons.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Shortly before their 1982 wedding, Fitzgerald began working in the New York City bureau as the day supervisor, the point person editing many city stories and making sure the bureau was on top of breaking news. And there would be plenty of it, including the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, which killed six people and injured more than 1,000.
Eight years later, they would help cover the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks, telling the stories of survivors and others. By then, they were the AP's correspondent in the city's north suburbs, an appointment made in 1996.
From their base in Westchester County, Fitzgerald covered the controversial Indian Point power plant, train crashes, a major federal housing segregation case and more.
They “brought us characters in government with all our blemishes,” but “we always knew we'd get a fair reporting,” said former Westchester District Attorney and judge Jeanine Pirro. They said Fitzgerald's work made an impact on “how the public viewed good and evil and how they perceived the delivery of justice in our world, causing them to become engaged in the fight.”
In recent years, Fitzgerald staked out a popular beat on aging. A reporter who loved the writing part of the job, they went beyond statistics and policy to report on deeply personal, often thought-provoking aspects of growing old.
They told of senior citizens buddying up as roommates for not only savings but also for safety; “Death Cafe” gatherings of people seeking to talk comfortably about life's end; elderly drug addicts and the delicate problems involved in treating them; a “night camp” for dementia victims who don't sleep after dark; and the touching, funny, sometimes snarky messages people leave behind in prewritten obituaries.
A Bronx native and graduate of Manhattan College, Fitzgerald also was a New York Yankees fan, so loyal that they always took off work on their home opening day to be at the game.
In addition to their wife, survivors include their daughters, Bridget Fitzgerald of Mount Vernon and Caitlin Fitzgerald of Pelham, three sisters and two brothers; another brother died recently.
Two Long Island moms were thrilled to have breakfast this week with “This Is Us” star Justin Hartley and watch an advance screening of the Oct. 3 episode with them sitting right behind them. They then were privy to a Q and A with the actor.
“He talked about being a parent to a 13-year-old, and how the show has touched so many people,” says Kathy Radigan, 51, a mom of three from East Northport.
Hartley, who plays the adult Kevin on the hit NBC TV show, didn't give away any of the secrets of the upcoming season, including the most protected one — exactly how and when patriarch Jack Pearson died.
“He did not spill anything,” says Bianca Jamotte LeRoux, a 36-year-old mom of two from New Hyde Park. “I wish.”
Radigan and LeRoux were invited to breakfast and screening in Manhattan by the “Today” show because they both contribute content as part of the “Today” volunteer Parenting Team. Radigan also writes a blog called “My Dishwasher's Possessed” and LeRoux produces a web series called “Real Mommy Confessions.”
Hartley told the two dozen women at the breakfast event that there's nothing better than watching the show with a group of moms who are crying and relating to it, LeRoux says.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“This Is Us,” which is in its second season, revolves around decades in the life of the Pearson family, which includes parents Jack and Rebecca and their triplets — two of them biological, and one an African-American newborn they adopted the same day their third triplet died at birth.
Radigan and LeRoux were the only Long Islanders at the event, which primarily brought together contributors from the metropolitan area, says Rebecca Dube, head of Today Parents Digital. “We get to offer these cool experiences to the Parenting Team,” they say. Hear more of what Hartley has to say about parenting their daughter, Isabella, and about “This Is Us” at today.com/parents/justin-hartley-t117024.
If Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration, then they may have broken the law.
That law is the Logan Act. It's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn, who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that they had misled the vice president and others in the administration. Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence, then vice president-elect, last month that they had discussed the sanctions.
That has turned out to be not true. And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust." They reiterated that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue."
"There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions," Spicer contended.
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call — which exists — between Flynn and the Russian ambassador, there's no way to know if there isn't a legal issue.
So what is the Logan Act, has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible?
First, what is it?
The Logan Act states, in part:
"Any citizen of the United States, wherever they may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both."
Let's break that down. This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government. Specifically, that person isn't allowed to talk with a foreign government or its representative and try to influence foreign policy.
When was it put in place and why?
It's named for Dr. George Logan, a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania, who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons. They did so without the permission of President John Adams, though they were a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson.
It was after the French Revolution, and the United States didn't help France because of a treaty with England. The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors. Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France.
That's when Logan, a Quaker, embarked on their effort. They succeeded, but when they got back to the U.S., Adams, Washington and others were furious. Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan's from taking place again.
Has anyone ever been prosecuted?
No, but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted.
The indictment was way back in 1803, four years after the law was put in place. An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for "A Western America" allied with France. The U.S. attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy, a farmer, who actually wrote the column. But it never went to trial. Later that year, the Louisiana Purchase, which expanded the U.S. West, made it moot.
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act, as the Congressional Research Service points out, but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try to shame political opponents. For example, in the 1980s, there was former House Speaker Jim Wright's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases.
"That is the law of the land," a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson's efforts, adding, "We are not going to take legal action, but I do feel that while in this instance they were successful, there were things that make you pause and think."
During the George W. Bush administration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government, irritating the White House. Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mideast peace. As recently as 2015, the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal.
And Syria raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar Assad last month before President Trump took office.
"I wanted to see if there was, in some small way, a way that I could express the love and the aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria," they told CNN.
The Obama administration's official position was regime change in Syria.
Could Flynn be susceptible?
If Flynn, in any way, reassured the Russian ambassador in their phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place, that could potentially be a violation.
As noted above, there is a transcript. The White House is confident Flynn didn't say anything that could have violated the law. Of course, that could be open to interpretation. It would be up to the Jeff Sessions Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case, if it saw fit. That is seen as unlikely.
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk.
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Committee said Tuesday it's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath. More could become known about the specifics of the call before then. The New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about their conversations. And investigators believe Flynn "was not entirely forthcoming":
"That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn their job. If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose them to a felony charge."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you have checked off most of the top tourist attractions from your Cambridge bucket list, then it might be time to switch up your routine.
King's College, the Fitzwilliam Museum and countless other galleries and museums are incredible ways to spend a few hours.
But if you're getting fed up with visiting the same spots, have a look at our list of 23 lesser known places and activities.
From escape rooms to new pubs to computer science museums, Cambridge has plenty to offer off the beaten path.
Go paddle boarding
Cambridge may be famous for punting, but stand up paddle boarding - or SUPing - is the way the cool kids get around on the River Cam these days.
You can learn at Milton Country Park, and when you're ready to go, grab a board and paddle and hit the river.
Escape rooms
As someone who suffers from mild claustrophobia, the idea of paying to be trapped in a room and having to escape doesn't immediately appeal.
But people love it! With the craze for escape rooms sweeping the country, channel your inner Steve McQueen in Cambridge's LockHouse Escape Rooms.
Calverley's Brewery
If anyone was in doubt about the Mill Road area's hipster credentials, then the arrival of Calverley's Brewery surely must have put it to rest.
Nestled at the end of the appropriately named Hooper Street, Calverley's brews a range of quaffable craft beer on-site and opens its Brewery Tap Bar on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
There is also a revolving selection of food vans serving up tasty bites to eat.
Learn a circus trick
In these uncertain times, it's always useful to widen your skill-set.
Why not head down to the Cambridge Community Circus on Chesterfield Road where you can learn everything from juggling, to aerial skills and hula hoop?
Backstreet pubs
If you always go to the same place in the centre of town for a pint, you don't know what you're missing.
There are simply too many great pubs in Cambridge to name. Just take a walk off the main drags, especially off either side of Mill Road, and you won't have to walk far to find a highly agreeable backstreet boozer.
Centre for Computing History
Cambridge has been at the forefront of computer science, from the work of code-busting colossus Alan Turing down to the present day.
It is fitting, therefore, that the city should have its own museum and education centre dedicated to the subject.
Tucked away near the end of the unassuming Coldham's Road, the Centre for Computing History really is a hidden gem.
Jesus Green Lido
This is one of the longest outdoor swimming pools in Europe, at a lung-busting 91m.
It's only open between May and September, so not one for winter.
And the water is still COLD in the spring but very invigorating.
Cambridge University Library exhibitions
Most people know about the excellent Fitzwilliam Museum but fewer of those in search of culture head down to Cambridge University Library.
The library puts on fascinating temporary exhibitions, often drawing on its own vast archives (CUL is one of six legal deposit libraries that can request a free copy of everything published in the UK).
Charity shopping on Burleigh Street and Mill Road
One for all the bargain hunters out there. Burleigh Street and Mill Road both have a lot of charity shops.
And as Cambridge has more than a few well-heeled residents, you will often find real treasures if you're willing to dig.
Get a cocktail at 196
The understated name of this establishment (it's at 196 Mill Road) is a clue to its laid-back atmosphere.
If you're tired of the bars in town, go and sip a Singapore Sling at 196.
Norfolk Street Bakery
Portugal has become a popular place to visit in recent years.
But if you've already planned your holiday, there's a taste of Lisbon right on your doorstep.
Run by Adilia Frazao and Natalina Sousa, the Norfolk Street Bakery serves up traditional Portuguese treats as well as freshly made bread.
Bird sculptures at Mill Road Cemetery
In 2014, artist Gordon Young installed seven avian-inspired sculptures in the Victorian Mill Road Cemetery, each one dedicated to a different bird.
My favourite is Sparrow, which has the Andrew Motion poem of the same name engraved on it.
See if you can spot them all.
Orchard Street
Close to the centre of the city, the old cottages on Orchard Street are as out of place as they are beautiful.
Nearby Elm Street, Eden Street, Paradise Street and Adam and Eve Street are nice too.
Cambridge Lakes Golf Course
Golf can be a bit off-putting to the uninitiated, with all the private clubs and silly clothes.
This is where Cambridge Lakes comes in. It's a nine-hole 'pitch and putt' course designed for people who just want to have a go, no matter how bad you are.
Believe me.
Visit Cambridge's cows
Cambridge is a place where the line between city and countryside is more blurred than in many urban centres.
Visitors are often surprised to see cows grazing on the public greens around the town, but it's a wonderful feature of Cambridge that's easy to take for granted.
Take a walk to Coe Fen, Midsummer Common or Stourbridge Common to catch a glimpse of Cambridge's bovine residents.
They even have their own Twitter account.
Polonia Club
The Polonia Club on Chesterton Road is a Cambridge institution.
And unsurprisingly, it serves extremely good (and very reasonably priced) Polish food.
Go and see for yourself.
Wittgenstein's grave
Those with an enquiring mind can pay homage to one of the greatest philosophers of the 20th century.
Hidden away in the Ascension Parish Burial Ground off Huntingdon Road is the grave of Ludwig Wittgenstein.
The Edge Café
This café serves great food and drinks.
It also, in its own words, provides “a beautiful, safe, warm, drug and alcohol-free space and community to anchor people in the sustained recovery they need”.
Linked to Brookfields Hospital rehabilitation facilities, The Edge Café supports people in their recovery.
That's a meaningful cup of coffee.
Watch rowing practice on River Cam
Rowing is a tough sport; watching it is much easier.
If you stroll along the River Cam from Midsummer Common downstream at the weekend, you can see all of the rowing teams out practising.
It's quite an entertaining scene watching the coxes bark at the rowers as they zip up and down the river.
A quite pleasing (and free) way to spend a few hours.
Hope Street Yard
This courtyard in the Romsey area is a great place to find antiques, second-hand furniture and collectables.
Go and see The Fiver at The Junction
For years, The Fiver at the Cambridge Junction has been offering local bands the opportunity to play on a big stage.
The formula is simple: pay £5 and watch five local acts.
Countless local lads and lasses have cut their teeth at The Fiver, this writer included.
I'm still waiting for my record deal.
Catch a court case
It's definitely not everyone's idea of a good time, but it's also an unconventional way to spend a few hours.
Most people forget that anyone can sit in the public gallery at a court. As long as you don't use any electronic device and you keep quiet, you're usually fine to observe a case.
It's sometimes not for the faint-hearted but seeing the workings of justice can be fascinating.
You can go to Cambridge Crown Court or Cambridge Magistrates' Court.
One to watch...the David Parr House
The David Parr House on Gwydir Street in Cambridge is an attempt to preserve a rather special Victorian working-class home in the city.
David Parr was an “artist-painter”, and over 40 years they decorated their house in the typical Arts and Crafts style of their day.
The David Parr House is now a charity and is planning to open the property's doors to the public in 2021.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers Pause
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
1:27 Bowie QB airs out Sam Houston
0:16 RAW: Richland receiver or Birdville defender. Who gets the jump ball?
0:31 RAW: Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake
0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
Auditor-general Odysseas Michaelides suggested criminal offences may have been committed in the process of housing the Larnaca land registry in its current building during discussion of the issue at the House watchdog committee on Thursday.
Michaelides voiced their conviction in a letter sent to the attorney-general on Wednesday, speaking of a massive scandal.
“The picture we have is that possibly various individuals in public authority, separately or in collusion, arranged for the acquisition of the building at a price that was highly unprofitable for the state, in a manner that falsely showed a reasonable and advantageous price, and engaged in actions after the fact, when there was parliamentary scrutiny, to cover up wrongdoings,” the auditor said.
The auditor's report described the procedure for the acquisition of the building as a concealed direct assignment to a landowner to construct a public project, bypassing legal processes, in a manner and at a cost that constitutes squandering public money for the benefit of a private citizen.
The building was rented in the summer of 2008, and some 18 months later the cabinet decided to buy it.
The initial rent agreement included a lease-to-buy clause which stipulated that the amount paid for rent until the day the clause was triggered – €933,000 – would go towards the acquisition.
The government eventually decided to expropriate the building following the decision of a three-member committee set up for the particular issue, and the clause went out the window.
The audit service said the state eventually forked out €14.2 million, or around €15.2m when the rents to date were factored in.
The land registry had valued the building between €11.5m and €13.7m, without taking into account the rents.
The public works department valuation estimated the building's market value to be €8.5m.
Michaelides said the cabinet's decision to buy the building had been violated by the decision of the committee to appropriate.
The committee was made up at the time by former treasurer Lazaros Lazarou, former interior ministry permanent secretary Lazaros Savvides, and finance ministry permanent secretary Christos Patsalides.
The decision to appropriate exempted the owner from paying tax on the sale and the obligation to maintain the building for a specific period, the auditor said.
Patsalides told MPs on Thursday that the committee had recommended to the interior minister at the time, Neoclis Sylikiotis, to appropriate the building for €14.2m, a transaction that was in the state's favour.
“That is why it was a recommendation to the interior minister. We were not authorised to make such a decision; the decision is made by the minister,” Patsalides said. “There are no illegal recommendations, there are no criminal offences in the recommendations, if there are any, they are in the decisions,” they added.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:18 Texas Rangers Yu Darvish, frame by frame Pause 2:03 Jon Daniels explains decision to DFA Sam Dyson 1:35 Yu Darvish aims for better command in second start 0:49 Adrian Beltre discusses (sorta) their injury status a week before Opening Day 2:14 Rangers' Jeff Banister announces Yu Darvish as Opening Day starter 1:31 Yu Darvish feels ready for regular season after Saturday start 1:02 Adrian Beltre plays it cool (and funny) as time as Rangers camp winds down 4:02 Josh Hamilton likes their chances at Rangers roster 3:07 Jeff Banister discusses impact Mike Napoli signing has on other Rangers 3:20 Cole Hamels motivated for big 2017 season with Rangers Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Rangers manager Jeff Banister said Wednesday's 13-2 loss to the Astros won't dampen their 5-1 road trip (Video by Stefan Stevenson). sstevenson@star-telegram.com
Rangers manager Jeff Banister said Wednesday's 13-2 loss to the Astros won't dampen their 5-1 road trip (Video by Stefan Stevenson). sstevenson@star-telegram.com
Sesame Street
Photo Credit: Flickr
The list of famous fictional streets starts with Sesame Street.
Bert, Ernie, Big Bird, Cookie Monster, Elmo and the rest of the crew have been living on Sesame Street since 1969.
ATHENS: Athens's half a million Muslims are set to get their first official mosque in more than a century.
The city has not had a formal mosque since it drove out occupying Ottomans in 1833, and Deputy Foreign Minister Ioannis Amanantidis told parliament last year that it was the only European capital “to be deprived of such a religious space”.
For years Muslims have resorted to praying in hundreds of makeshift sites, in crowded basements or dark warehouses targeted by racist attackers.
In May, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras declared building a mosque long overdue. The government, they said, would push ahead “out of respect for the Muslim residents in our capital, but also because we are obliged to actively defend our values.”
The new mosque – a 1,000 square meter building without a minaret, split over two levels – is expected to be ready in April in an old naval base in an industrial, rundown part of Athens.
“We need the mosque for our new generation, for our youth … to feel equal in law, equal in society,” said Greece's Muslim Association spokesperson Anna Stamou, a Greek who converted to Islam.
Friday prayers in the underground garage where they and their family went were recited in Arabic and Greek. Men knelt down to pray on its humid crimson carpet, ventilation pipes barely above their heads.
Plans to build a mosque began in 1890 with an act of parliament, but all fell through, including one timed for the 2004 Olympics. The latest effort split the ruling coalition and Tsipras's right-wing partners voted against a bill to speed up construction.
Critics say Athens, kept afloat by international funds since 2010, cannot spare the 800,000 euros to build it.
Golden Dawn, the ultranationalist party third in popularity in polls, says migrants are burdening state resources at a time of crisis. Others still associate mosques with Turkey, its Muslim neighbor and longstanding rival.
For months last year a dozen Greek nationalists occupied the mosque site and set up a homeless center, calling it “a hot spot for Greeks” drawing a contrast with centres on Greek islands for mainly Muslim refugees and migrants arriving from Turkey.
Messages still on the compound's boarded up gate are stark: “No mosque,” graffiti reads. “Muslims out.”
A poster plastered on a wall depicts a minaret in a circle with a line through it. Muslims “are enemies of Christ, Orthodoxy and our country,” it says. “They should go back from where they came.”
Golden Dawn says it will step up its protests.
“We have done many protests and of course we will do much more,” lawmaker Ilias Panagiotaros said at a rally in January.
Around him, a few hundred supporters raised flaming torches and waved the Greek flag alongside the party's red-and-black flag featuring its swastika-like emblem.
“With the help of God – I repeat that – this mosque will not have a good end,” they said.
OTTAWA — The federal government sees Ontario's cancellation of its cap and trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from the national climate change framework — and is reconsidering more than $400 million in funding as a result.
A spokesperson for Environment Minister Catherine McKenna says the $420 million earmarked for Ontario under the Low Carbon Economy Leadership Fund is under review, since funding is contingent on agreeing to the framework, which includes imposing a carbon price.
Newly elected Ontario Premier Doug Ford has rescinded the previous Liberal government's regulation that established the cap and trade program in 2017.
That has prompted Canada to immediately hit the brakes on Ontario's portion of the $1.4-billion climate change fund.
Boston, MA -- This report is part of a series titled "Discrimination in America." The series is based on a survey conducted for National Public Radio, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, and Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. While many surveys have explored Americans' beliefs about discrimination, this survey asks people about their own personal experiences with discrimination.
Of note, this survey was conducted January 26 - April 9, 2017, prior to the country's widespread discussions in the fall of 2017 about sexual assault and harassment. These national conversations may have affected how people viewed or responded to their own experiences, or their willingness to disclose these experiences in a survey.
Younger women significantly more likely to report experiences of harassment, threats, and other forms of individual discrimination
Women were asked about their experiences of individual or interpersonal forms of discrimination, such as slurs, insensitive or offensive comments or negative assumptions, sexual harassment, and threats or non-sexual harassment, among others.
View topline, tables, figures, and charts
Chart 1 shows that younger women (especially ages 18-29) are significantly more likely than older women (especially ages 65 and over) to report experiences of multiple kinds of harassment or discrimination.
For example, at least four in ten women ages 18-29 report that they have personally experienced slurs (41%) or insensitive or offensive comments or negative assumptions (40%) about their gender. Woman ages 65 and over are far less likely to report these experiences. Only 6% report gendered slurs and 10% report offensive comments or negative assumptions about their gender. Additionally, 60% of women ages 18-29 report that they or a female family member have been sexually harassed, while 17% of women 65 and over report this experience.
Robert Blendon, Richard L. Menschel Professor of Health Policy and Political Analysis at Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, who co-directed the survey, says, "Our survey highlights the extraordinary level of personal experiences of harassment facing women today, as reflected in the news. Our findings also call into focus potentially different norms in reporting these experiences among different groups of women."
College-educated women more likely to report individual discrimination
Chart 2 illustrates another such difference: women with a college degree are significantly more likely than women with a high school degree or less to report various forms of individual discrimination. For example, women with a college degree are more than four times as likely as women with a high school degree or less to report that they personally have experienced slurs (31% vs. 7%) or insensitive or offensive comments (38% vs. 8%) about their gender.
Women with a college degree are also more than twice as likely as women with a high school degree or less to report that they or a female family member have been sexually harassed (50% vs. 23%) or threatened or non-sexually harassed (39% vs. 18%) (Chart 2).
Women across racial and ethnic groups most frequently report being personally discriminated against because of their gender in the workplace
Chart 3 shows the overall reporting of women's experiences of discrimination across a range of areas of life. While women of different racial or ethnic backgrounds reported different rates of discrimination, the top two issues for women across racial and ethnic identities are when applying for jobs and when being paid or promoted equally.
Among all women, more than four in ten (41%) report having personally experienced discrimination because they are women when it comes to being paid equally or considered for promotion. Roughly a third (31%) of all women say they have been discriminated against because they are women when applying for jobs (Chart 3).
Women of each racial or ethnic group studied by the survey (Black, Latina, white, Native American, and Asian American) also report equal pay or promotion and applying for jobs as the top two situations in which they personally have been discriminated against because they are women. Results for each racial or ethnic group of women are included in the full report.
###
Survey background
All references to gender are based on respondents' self-identified gender. This report presents the experiences of American women. There will be a separate report on men's experiences.
The survey was conducted January 26 - April 9, 2017, among a nationally representative, probability-based telephone (cell and landline) sample of 3,453 adults age 18 or older. The survey included nationally representative samples of African Americans, Latinos, Asian Americans, Native Americans, as well as white Americans; men and women, and LGBTQ adults. This report presents the results specifically for a nationally representative probability sample of 1596 U.S. adult women. Other reports analyze each other group, and the final report will discuss major highlights from the series.
For more information:
Todd Datz
617-432-8413
tdatz@hsph.harvard.edu
Visit the Harvard Chan School website for the latest news, press releases, and multimedia offerings.
Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health brings together dedicated experts from many disciplines to educate new generations of global health leaders and produce powerful ideas that improve the lives and health of people everywhere. As a community of leading scientists, educators, and students, we work together to take innovative ideas from the laboratory to people's lives--not only making scientific breakthroughs, but also working to change individual behaviors, public policies, and health care practices. Each year, more than 400 faculty members at Harvard Chan School teach 1,000-plus full-time students from around the world and train thousands more through online and executive education courses. Founded in 1913 as the Harvard-MIT School of Health Officers, the School is recognized as America's oldest professional training program in public health.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new food subscription service in Cambridge aims to support the city's most vulnerable families.
Cambridge City Foodbank is opening Fairbite, a food club whose members pay a small weekly fee for essential items.
By paying just £2 a week, referred families will be able to select 10 free basic items once or twice a week.
A special Fairbite shop will be opened in Cambridge's Arbury Court from June, offering food donated by supermarkets that would otherwise be thrown away.
(Image: Keith Jones)
The Fairbite initiative is being launched following a 25 per cent surge in the number of items given out by Cambridge's foodbank over the past year.
Between April 2017 and March 2018, Cambridge City Foodbank provided 2,991 food boxes feeding 6,904 Cambridge residents.
Jon Edney, project coordinator for Cambridge City Foodbank said: "Fairbite is a response to the rising number of people we see coming to foodbanks who are hungry.
"We want to help people avoid getting to the point where they need to come to the foodbank by giving them another way to put food on the table and reduce their weekly bills.
"Our aim is to help people, but the fact that the food we'll provide would otherwise be thrown away is a huge win."
Users of Fairbite will must be referred to Cambridge City Foodbank via a social worker, school, citizens advice or social charity.
New members will be signed up at the foodbank or by a completing an application form countersigned by a social agency.
Mr Edney explained that Fairbite offered an alternative to foodbanks, which people are typically only allowed to use three times in six months.
"What we're seeing is more and more people are coming in because they simply haven't got enough money to make their way," they said.
"In the past it was a benefit problem and they had no money. We're seeing people who are just worn down because the benefits they are getting are not enough.
They added: "The cost of living is high in Cambridge, so this is one way that we can make a difference.
"Cambridge is the most unequal city in the UK and we'd love to change that. We hope to engage the whole community around Arbury and King's Hedges to support Fairbite through volunteering and helping with operations.
"We see this as a way of bringing the community together."
(Image: Cambridge City Foodbank)
In December last year, the News spoke to foodbank users about their bleak experiences and desperation to find a job.
Jo Hunt, manager of the Kings Hedges Family Support Project said families come to the foodbank in times of crisis.
"When difficult financial decisions have to be made a referral to Foodbank means that the stress and worry of ensuring the family is fed is reduced," they said.
"The Fairbite food club is an invaluable addition to this service and potentially work in a preventative way. Many of our families are ‘on the edge' – they are finding that they are struggling in ways they never thought they would as the cost of living increases in Cambridge.
"Allowing an affordable way of accessing food and providing opportunities for choice based on children's likes and dislikes will be empowering for so many, helping to build confidence within families and the community as a whole."
Fairbite will be supplied with the help of FareShare, a national charity tackling food waste and supporting local charities with food supplies.
It will be initially open two days a week, once during the day and once in the evening,
Members can choose 10 basic items and visit once or twice a week depending on family size. Membership will cost £2 per week or £4 for a large family.
In season there will also be free fruit and vegetables donated by local gardeners and allotment holders.
Rowan Williams, former Archbishop of Canterbury and Patron of the Foodbank, and Daniel Zeichner, Cambridge MP have also backed the scheme.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shaun Derry could not have asked for a better start to 2017 after watching Cambridge United hammer former club Notts County 4-0 at home.
A Luke Berry double and goals from Uche Ikpeazu and Piero Mingoia sealed an emphatic victory over the struggling Magpies to keep United in the play-off mix.
Derry, who both played for and managed County, said: “It's a fantastic way to start (the year), I'm delighted with the result.
“I thought the performance was brilliant as well. It was a real dominant display from start to finish and in certain parts of the game we showed how ruthless we can be and in the second half in particular, the performance is what I asked us to do.
“Conceding in the 95th minute (in Saturday's 1-1 draw at Leyton Orient) could have made people a little bit nervous, but there were no signs of nervousness in any part of our game.
“Even though we lost two points on the day, we felt we could go into this game and really generate the level to get the maximum and we did that, so seven points out of nine over the Christmas period is a fantastic return.”
There may have been an element of fortune about United's opener after Berry harried visiting keeper Adam Collin into a mistake, but Derry said it came as no surprise to him.
They said: “He's a smart player, he's a clever cookie.
“Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, but I just think he's an intelligent footballer and as much as it would be a mistake from the Notts County angle, that's not come as a surprise to anybody.
Brad Halliday missed the game with a knee problem picked up at the Orient, while Derry also began with Harrison Dunk and Conor Newton on the bench as precautionary measures.
But they were pleased with how the likes of Blair Adams, Ben Williamson and Max Clark, who has extended their loan deal from Hull until the end of the season, stepped up.
They said: “Max Clark put in a really good performance and we asked Ben Williamson to do a job and I thought they did that just right. Blair puts in a performance like that because he's a real sound, dependable guy.”
Meanwhile, Derry confirmed Tom Dallison and Sean Long would be heading back to Brighton and Reading respectively following the end of their loan moves.
Shark nets in place across Australia to protect beachgoers should be phased out as they cause more harm than good, a Senate inquiry has found.
An upper house committee examined shark mitigation and deterrent measures in Australia, and specifically the use of mesh nets in NSW and Queensland..
"It is impossible for lethal shark control measures to guarantee public safety," the committee said in its final report, released on Tuesday.
The measures implemented by some governments, including mesh nets and traditional drum lines in NSW and Queensland, provided beachgoers with a false sense of security, the report found.
One of the arguments in support of using shark nets and drum lines is that just one fatal shark attack has been reported in Queensland since the introduction of lethal shark mitigation measures in the 1960s.
Similarly, in NSW since nets were introduced between Newcastle and Wollongong in the 1930s, only one fatal shark attack has happened at a meshed beach.
There have been at least 13 shark attacks at unmeshed beaches on the NSW north coast over the past two years.
But the committee found the effectiveness of nets was difficult to evaluate, while the significant damage they cause to other marine wildlife was clear.
The report noted while the risk of encountering a shark was rare, any shark-related fatalities, injuries or near-misses captured huge public and media attention, influencing community demands for action.
"The committee is concerned that a heightened fear of sharks has led to responses that may calm the public and appear to provide an effective response but which are not verified by scientific evidence," the report said.
The committee handed down 20 recommendations including that the NSW and Queensland governments immediately replace lethal drum lines with SMART drum lines and phase out shark meshing programs.
The report favours non-lethal shark control measures such as eco barriers, which physically separate swimmers from sharks, sonar technology, and various shark-spotting techniques.
Humane Society International head of campaigns Nicola Beynon says the government needs to move away from outdated methods.
"Lethal shark nets and drum lines are more than 50 years behind scientific and animal welfare standards for dealing with marine wildlife, and this well-reasoned report is hopefully putting us a step closer in putting a stop to these cruel methods," Ms Beynon said on Tuesday.
By The Associated Press
Washington 0 6 0 7—13 L.A. Chargers 13 10 7 0—30 First Quarter
LAC_FG Coons 33, 9:53.
LAC_Henry 8 pass from Rivers (Coons kick), 2:34.
LAC_FG Coons 21, :03.
Second Quarter
Was_V.Davis 23 pass from Cousins (kick failed), 10:13.
LAC_Ty.Williams 75 pass from Rivers (Coons kick), 10:02.
LAC_FG Coons 36, 2:23.
Third Quarter
LAC_Gordon 1 run (Coons kick), 6:17.
Fourth Quarter
Was_Breeland 96 interception return (Rose kick), 2:36.
A_25,393.
___
Was LAC First downs 9 24 Total Net Yards 201 488 Rushes-yards 21-65 35-174 Passing 136 314 Punt Returns 3-15 2-49 Kickoff Returns 6-128 1-20 Interceptions Ret. 1-96 1-23 Comp-Att-Int 15-27-1 19-34-1 Sacked-Yards Lost 2-15 2-8 Punts 8-43.4 5-53.2 Fumbles-Lost 0-0 0-0 Penalties-Yards 4-48 5-40 Time of Possession 24:40 35:20
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_Washington, Perine 17-45, Daniels 2-12, Cousins 2-8. Los Angeles, Gordon 22-78, Ekeler 4-49, A.Williams 7-23, Benjamin 1-22, Watt 1-2.
PASSING_Washington, Cousins 15-27-1-151. Los Angeles, Rivers 18-31-0-319, Clemens 1-3-1-3.
RECEIVING_Washington, Perine 4-7, Crowder 3-34, Doctson 3-34, V.Davis 2-26, Grant 1-28, Paul 1-15, Quick 1-7. Los Angeles, Allen 6-111, Ty.Williams 4-132, Henry 4-50, Benjamin 2-21, Gordon 1-5, M.Williams 1-3, Cumberland 1-0.
MISSED FIELD GOALS_None.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Public reaction to the Erik Karlsson trade rumour was loud and clear in Ottawa Monday: It'd be devastating for the team's play, and devastating for the franchise's future.
On Sunday, it was reported that general manager Pierre Dorion had asked the Ottawa Senators captain and nine other players to each submit a list of 10 teams they don't want to be dealt to.
Karlsson, who is in their ninth season as a Senator and fourth as captain, will become an unrestricted free agent on July 1, 2019. Despite a 12-game slump in which the Sens have earned only one win, some still think it's unlikely the Sens will deal their best player.
On the streets of Ottawa, several people this newspaper talked to had few positive things to say about the possibility of a trade.
Name: Eric Ouellette
Age: 47
“I think it's going to actually hurt the team overall, because they are sort of the driving force, the backbone. He's one of the key members of the organization. I don't know if it's the lack of fan support that's driving this or the fact that at this point in their career he's going to look for the highest bidder, for the highest pay check. I hope it's not true, because I think they are one of the key components of the team, being a threat within the league. But hopefully it's not going to happen.”
Name: Jonathan Kealey
Age: 44
“I think it would be a marketing nightmare for the Sens, because they are the franchise player. So I think it would send the wrong message to the fan base about the franchise's ability to keep players and their commitment to winning over time. There are downstream effects from that: It would be difficult to attract new free agents and I don't think you'd get commensurate value on the trade market of a player of that quality. So I would like to see the team do what they can to keep him, absolutely.”
Name: Beryl Strawczynski
Age: 32
“I like him. I think he's a really good player, I think he's really good for the team and I think he's a really good soul, too. So I think it would be sad if they were to go. I'm always a fan of the Senators, because I live in Ottawa and they're my home team, but I would be sad if they were gone. It's the same way that they just traded their last player to Nashville, Kyle Turris. All the things they did for the community were wonderful so it's sad to lose both a good player and a good soul for the community.”
Name: Dylan Tully
Age: 22
“It would be sad to see someone like that go, because they could be a franchise player, right? It depends, though, because if you look around the league and you see all of the players of the same calibre looking for a payday because they're going into unrestricted free agency, you can see that they would garner a lot of money. He's already said he's not going to take a hometown discount, but if the Sens keep playing the way they've played this year, and with the way they look as a player right now, he's not worth as much as some of those other players, if they're looking to the future.
They haven't recovered from their surgery, so if they want to stay here and recover and become that player again — because I know they're trying to rebuild their team, they just took all their trade clauses away — then it would be good. I'd be happy to see them stay but I just want to go and see a hockey game where I can be happy to watch the Sens. And if that's with new players that are young, then there would just be more energy.”
MIAMI — Retired Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, whose photo of a terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned them the Pulitzer Prize, has died. They were 71.
Diaz's daughter, Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz, confirmed that they died Tuesday. The cause of death wasn't immediately known.
"He was the king of the family," Rodriguez-Diaz said. "He cared about all of their friends and colleagues. Their life was photography and my mother."
Diaz's wife, Martha, died nearly two years ago.
Diaz's iconic image shows an armed U.S. immigration agent confronting the boy in the Little Havana home where they lived with relatives after being found floating off the Florida coast.
"Alan Diaz captured, in their iconic photographs, some of the most important moments of our generation — the bitter, violent struggle over the fate of a small Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez, the magnified eye of a Florida election official trying to make sense of hanging chads and disputed ballots in the 2000 presidential election," AP executive editor Sally Buzbee said.
"He was gravelly-voiced and kindhearted, generous with their expertise. And like all great photographers, they were patient. They were able to wait for the moment."
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Diaz, who was known to roar, "Hello, Miami," every time they entered the AP's South Florida office, brought the same energy and professionalism to every story, whether they were shooting an upcoming weekend feature or a World Series baseball game. Their good-natured humility and unwavering focus were often calming elements for their colleagues in Florida's frequently chaotic news environment. They introduced newcomers to some of the pleasures of Miami, such as sipping a cafecito in Little Havana.
Not one to boast about past triumphs, Diaz rarely brought up the Elian story himself, but they would usually discuss it with enough encouragement. They had been freelancing for AP in November 1999 when a boater found the Cuban boy floating in an inner tube in the waters off Fort Lauderdale. Diaz spent the next few months chatting with Gonzalez's relatives and neighbors, earning their trust by respecting an order from the boy's uncle to not speak to the child.
Because of those relationships, they were the only photographer to capture the moment when U.S. immigration agents ended a bitter international custody battle with a pre-dawn raid the day before Easter in 2000. The Pulitzer-winning photo shows an armed agent reaching out toward a terrified Elian, seconds before the boy was pulled out of their uncle's home so they could be returned to their father in Cuba.
Diaz said they were just in the right place at the right time.
After the image hit the wires and network television news, Diaz saw how both Cuban leader Fidel Castro and Cuban-American community leaders used it to argue that the other side was brutal and heartless.
"I have no opinion on it. I shot the moment. That's all," Diaz said last year. "Good or bad, that's what happened that morning."
The AP hired Diaz as a staff photographer two months after the raid, kicking off a 17-year-career with the wire service. Within months of starting, Diaz was taking photos of hanging chads during the Florida recount for the 2000 presidential election. The next year, Diaz flew to New York just days after 9/11, when planes were allowed back in the sky, to help document the recovery. Diaz was in Florida for the 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons, when storm after storm caused billions in damage across the Southeastern U.S. More recently, they rushed to Orlando in 2016 to cover another tragedy, a shooting at a gay night club that left 49 people dead.
"Alan Diaz will be remembered for taking one of the most iconic photographs in Miami's history," AP Miami photo editor Marta Lavandier said. "But what is less known about Alan is that they were a humble, dedicated, hardworking news photographer that loved covering every aspect of their community."
After winning the Pulitzer Prize in 2001, they were awed by the celebration from their heroes in photojournalism.
"Joe Rosenthal wanted to meet me? Wow," Diaz said, still shaking their head at being honored by the AP photojournalist who produced the iconic image of U.S. Marines and a Navy sailor raising the American flag over Iwo Jima.
Diaz was born in New York to Cuban parents. They spent their adolescence in Cuba, where they studied photography with Alberto Korda, whose 1960 portrait of Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara became one of the most reproduced images in history.
In 1978, they moved to Miami and began shooting in Little Havana for Cuban-American organizations and publications. One memorable assignment was a meeting of leaders of anti-Castro efforts and Frank Sturgis, one of the Watergate burglars, who had fought alongside Castro in Cuba before turning against him.
A ldining area is seen in a model home in a newly constructed buiding on Parcel A on Wednesday, May 30, 2018 in San Francisco, Calif.
Main pic, above: A common outdoor sitting area is seen outside a newly constructed building on Parcel A on Wednesday, May 30, 2018 in San Francisco, Calif. Second pic, below: A ldining area is seen in a model home in a newly constructed buiding on Parcel A on Wednesday, May 30, 2018 in San Francisco, Calif. less
Main pic, above: A common outdoor sitting area is seen outside a newly constructed building on Parcel A on Wednesday, May 30, 2018 in San Francisco, Calif. Second pic, below: A ldining area is seen in a model ... more
Mayor Mark Farrell checks out past and future views of the shipyard location on a virtual reality headset during a tour of the site, being developed as the San Francisco Shipyard, an ambitious multi-use project. less
Mayor Mark Farrell checks out past and future views of the shipyard location on a virtual reality headset during a tour of the site, being developed as the San Francisco Shipyard, an ambitious multi-use ... more
Mayor Mark Farrell wants to set the record straight: They absolutely would recommend the San Francisco Shipyard development to friends or relatives looking to buy a condominium, regardless of the escalating scandal over the botched cleanup of the Superfund site.
On Wednesday, the mayor, who was recently quoted saying they would be loath to suggest that a friend or relative buy a unit there, joined a considerable entourage of city staffers for a tour of Parcel A at the former Hunters Point Naval Shipyard. The area, on a sunny, windblown hilltop overlooking vast expanses of asphalt and old Navy buildings — most of them mothballed more than 40 years ago — is being built up and is the only part of the San Francisco Shipyard development that already has residents.
The tour was a chance for city officials to put a positive spin on an environmental problem that threatens to delay significantly, and possibly permanently alter, the Bay Area's biggest redevelopment project. The reimagining of the former Naval facility is to include more than 12,000 housing units, schools, research and development facilities, office buildings, parkland, and artist studios in a corner of the city that has historically been one of the city's poorest and most neglected.
The tour came as the Environmental Protection Agency and the Navy have committed to retesting much of the soil at the shipyard site that was supposed to have been evaluated and cleaned up by Tetra Tech, the environmental engineering company responsible for ridding the site of nuclear residue and other toxic materials. Two Tetra Tech employees have pleaded guilty to cheating when testing soil at the site and have been sentenced to eight months each in prison.
Farrell said that while they have been disappointed with how slowly the Navy and the EPA have responded to the problems, they didn't mean to imply in their previous comments that home buyers should avoid the site.
“The development here in Parcel A, these homes, are amazing opportunities for San Francisco residents. Of course I would absolutely recommend people come out here,” they said.
Farrell reiterated their demand that Parcel A be tested for radioactive materials. Tetra Tech worked on only one building on Parcel A, Building 322, which was scanned for radioactivity and then removed from the site in 2004. But whistle-blowers have questioned the veracity of that information and say high levels of radioactive materials were found a few feet outside the edge of Parcel A. The soil within the site, which did not house nuclear operations during the Navy's decades at the shipyard, has never been tested.
“We need to make sure future development is safe and give people the security of knowing that their families are safe,” they said. “San Francisco residents need to be able to feel safe in their homes — plain and simple.”
Supervisor Malia Cohen, who represents the Bayview district and was upset by Farrell's negative statements about the condition of the shipyard site, said that they were pleased that Farrell “took the time to take a tour.”
“It's too bad they put their foot in their mouth, but I'm grateful that they are educating themselves and recanted their words,” they said. “It's an important signal to the community.”
The shipyard was home to the Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory from 1946 to 1969, when tests were conducted to determine the effects of radiation on living organisms, and ships contaminated by atomic bomb explosions were dry-docked at Hunters Point. Most operations ceased at the shipyard in 1974, and it was shut down as part of the U.S. Base Realignment and Closure process in 1991.
The city staffers on the tour also got an update on the retesting of the Tetra Tech work. Amy Brownell of the city's Department of Public Health said the Navy has committed to having a work plan ready by the end of June. There will then be a 60-day community review of the plan before work starts.
As they have in the past, Brownell, who has worked on the cleanup for 25 years, said that Parcel A doesn't contain any materials with dangerous levels of radioactivity. However, they said the California Department of Toxic Substances Control will scan Parcel A for any indications of hazardous materials.
They also said that they don't think the retesting anywhere at the shipyard site will result in any discoveries of contamination that would pose a risk to the public.
“These stories about contamination are true and fascinating, but a lot of them are old — the contamination has been cleaned up,” they said. “We can say definitively there are no public safety concerns or health concerns out here.”
J.K. Dineen is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jdineen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SFjkdineen
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Barcelona needed an overzealous tackle by an inexperienced Villarreal opponent to help keep its five-point lead at the top of the Spanish league on Sunday.
Barcelona was struggling to break down Villarreal until 22-year-old Daniel Rabaseda earned a direct red card for a studs-first tackle into the ankle of Sergio Busquets.
Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez took full advantage of the holes that opened up in the hosts' defense, scoring twice to give Barcelona a 2-0 win away from home that kept it five points ahead of second-place Valencia.
“We were in control and the sending-off completely changed the match,” Villarreal coach Javier Calleja said. “He tried to go for the ball and arrived late. It was a foul, but I don't think it was a red. It is easier to send off young players.”
Suarez finished off a quick passing combination, involving himself, Messi and substitute Paco Alcacer, by rounding goalkeeper Sergio Asenjo and tapping the ball home in the 72nd minute.
Messi then sealed the win with seven minutes to play when Busquets intercepted the ball near Villarreal's area and passed for the Argentina forward to speed between two defenders and fire past Asenjo.
The goal took Messi's league-leading tally to 14 for the season.
Apart from Gerard Pique's header off the post early on, Villarreal had kept Barcelona in check until Rabaseda's rash tackle with half an hour remaining.
Barcelona pressed the outnumbered Villarreal into its area and attacked repeatedly through left back Jordi Alba. Suarez sent a pass by Alba off the post minutes before they finally broke the deadlock.
Villarreal was the more dangerous team in the first half. Only a reflex save by Marc-Andre ter Stegen kept out Roberto Soriano's bouncing volley in the 16th.
Ernesto Valverde's side remained undefeated through 15 rounds. The win also ended Barcelona's run of two consecutive draws at Valencia and against Celta Vigo that had let rivals chip into its lead.
Barcelona remained six points ahead of third-place Atletico Madrid, and eight ahead of defending champions Real Madrid. Both Valencia and Madrid won on Saturday.
“The victories by our rivals spurred us on,” Valverde said.
___
CLASSIC ATLETICO
Atletico's 1-0 win at Real Betis was its third straight league victory as it focuses on the domestic title chase after its group-stage exit from the Champions League.
The victory played out in classic fashion for the team that Diego Simeone has long forged into one of Europe's toughest sides to crack.
The idea was simple: an ironclad defense that only got tighter after midfielder Saul Niguez secured the lead.
And with that proving enough to get the three points, Simeone won't be worried by their side only managing 26 percent possession.
“They were causing us trouble but we fortified our defense after the goal,” Simeone said. “In the second half it was more of the same. There was a team that had the ball and wanted to do damage but ran into a very strong defense.”
A well-orchestrated counterattack tilted the contest in their favor, with Niguez sliding at the far post to push in Sime Vrsaljko's cross just before the half-hour mark.
Betis tried to respond, but goalkeeper Jan Oblak denied the best chance to level when they stretched to tip Cristian Tello's powerful strike over the bar.
Atletico and Barcelona have conceded a league-low seven goals this season. Atletico, unbeaten in the league, has been particularly stingy over the past month, conceding just one goal in its last five league matches.
___
OWN-GOALS GALORE
Athletic Bilbao beat Levante 2-1 with both teams scoring own-goals.
An own-goal by Bilbao defender Aymeric Laporte in the 73rd canceled out the early penalty scored by teammate Aritz Aduriz.
But Bilbao was gifted the win in Valencia when Sergio Postigo turned a cross into their net six minutes later.
Bilbao ended its streak of six rounds without a victory as it moved away from the relegation zone.
___
FIRST AWAY WIN
Malaga beat Real Sociedad 2-0 for its first win on the road after losing its first seven away matches.
The victory lifted Malaga out of last place and pushed Las Palmas to the bottom.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida say an angry dog sent three people to the hospital after one tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix named Scarface bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress them on Friday and their husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off of them Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where there were two children present. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on the animal before catching it.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yeovil Town boss Darren Way is wary of the threat posed by "experienced" Cambridge United ahead of the side's match at Huish Park this weekend.
The Glovers picked up a vital three points in midweek against nine-man Grimsby Town and, more importantly, kept hold of the likes of Otis Khan, Sam Surridge and Omar Sowunmi - who all had suitors chasing their signature in the January window.
And, after singling out Uche Ikpeazu and Gary Deegan, Way said they that has side has to "find a solution" to beat Shaun Derry's men.
“They've got good hold up play, with Uche Ikpaezu up front, he's strong and causes real problems. It's hard to get in front of them and they bring other players into play," they said.
"They've got Gary Deegan who was at Southend, the centre-half who's got a lot of experience, and when you look all over the pitch he's got one or two that have been together for a while now.
“Resources wise, they've had a real push at the start of the season to bring in some successful players, perhaps knowing Shaun Derry in the way that I do, they would've wanted a little bit more, but it's very difficult at whatever club you're at. All I can say is that on Saturday we've just got to find a solution to win."
Derry has enjoyed a very impressive record against Yeovil. As well as beating them 2-1 at The Abbey earlier this season, they have won all bar one game against the Somerset side - the 1-1 draw in which Barry Corr scored late on to secure the U's a point on Valentine's Day last year.
Yet Way believes that their side should have had more points in recent years.
“Every time we've played them here, we should've won. I look at the goal, the long throw from the last game [from which Corr scored], we were disappointed with that, to concede so late on in a game, but I feel that where we are now as far as development's concerned, the players know how important it is now," they said.
“It is important that they understand that I don't mind them making mistakes, but don't make the same mistake twice, so when they line up for that long throw, which will happen again on Saturday, we've got to make sure that we're ready for them.”
On Monday, Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams hosted their fourth annual Bike-to-Work Ride, taking off from Prospect Park and ending at Borough Hall in Downtown Brooklyn. Besides having fun on a beautiful day, the goal was to show streets that need better infrastructure for biking and walking.
The first leg took on the speedway section of Flatbush Avenue next to Prospect Park, which is terrifying to bike on. NYC DOT is studying options to make the street safer, but it's clearly an ideal situation for a two-way protected bike lane, just like on the west side of the park.
Also on the itinerary: Ninth Street, which is in line for a redesign after a driver killed two young children last month, and a stop at Hamilton Avenue to meet with the young people in Red Hook campaigning for a safer crossing under the BQE.
Sports injuries are so high they account for two percent of injuries that require medical treatment in the country, College of Medicine (CoM) Physiotherapy Department's research has established.
Most athletes aggravate injuries as they do not undergo a medical before signing a contract with a club while the majority train and compete in games despite carrying injuries.
“The recent rise in organised sports participation in Malawi has led to an increase in the number of sports-related injuries among athletes.
“Although not much is known about sports injuries in the country, one report suggested that sports injuries account for about two percent of all injuries for which medical attention is sought in Malawi,” reads part of the research's findings.
Sports manager, Augustine Banda, CoM exercise physiologist, Enock Chisati and physiotherapist Charles Nyasa did the research around 2015.
Additionally, the department established that most footballers in Malawi play while carrying injuries due to the sports fraternity's failure to embrace Preparticition Physical Evaluation (PPE).
“Further, a pilot study, in which athletes were screened by fourth-year University of Malawi physiotherapy students who were on a sports clinical placement at the College of Medicine Sports Complex, revealed that 12 out of 16 (75 percent) athletes had injuries,” the report states.
“It was surprising to note that most of the injuries were sustained between the years 2007 and 2014 without proper management, and these athletes continued to play and participate in competitive games.”
PPE involves a measurement of pulse rate, blood pressure, respiratory rate, peak flow rate, fundoscopy, visual acuity, and skin measurements.
“Blood and radiographic investigations may include a full blood count, blood glucose and lipid tests, x-rays, and ultrasound scanning. The musculoskeletal screening section of PPE uses special tests to assess tone, power, coordination, reflexes, and range of motion of the limbs,” the report adds.
It further says PPE helps reduce injuries and risk factors for diseases. In Malawi, athletes do not undergo a medical before signing a contract with a team.
“This may be, among other reasons, because of financial constraints, lack of interest among Malawi's sporting administrators, and the public's lack of knowledge about PPE and its benefits,” the reports says.
Players and former footballers such as the late Patrick Mvula and Christopher
John Banda and Douglas Chirambo (all from Bullets) should have had their diseases detected if Malawi football had embraced PPE.
Careers of players such as Vincent Gona (formerly of Bullets) and Thoko Stambuli of
Silver Strikers have suffered due to lack of proper medical care.
“The incidence of sudden death is approximately 2.5 times higher in athletes than in non-athletes.
“Some recent reports in Malawi of the sudden deaths of elite athletes suggest that Malawian athletes participate in various sporting activities despite carrying injuries or being afflicted by potentially serious illnesses,” reads the report.
Bullets winger, Fischer Kondowe, said they were aware of CoM's research on athletes but advised the researchers to be pro-active in pushing sports authorities to adopt PPE.
“That footballers play while carrying injuries is very true.
It is all due to insecurity and desperation as players hardly have contracts. You force yourself to play so as to earn game bonuses.
“If all Super League players underwent a medical, I doubt if more than 30 players can pass a medical. This is why our careers are short-lived,” said the veteran winger, who is probably the fittest local footballer. So far, clubs such as Bullets, Silver and Be Forward
Wanderers have signed players without subjecting them to a medical. This is attributed to lack of professionalism and resources.
But the researchers say there is no need for the local sports fraternity to shy away from PPE as it is cheap and accessible at CoM.
“The government of Malawi should formulate deliberate policies to enforce PPE as a key requirement for sports participation at the local and national levels.
“Sports administrators governing various athletic associations should enforce and encourage routine screening of athletes before training or active season,” the report concludes.
In 2015, Super League of Malawi introduced a mandatory medical scheme for all Super League players but enforcement remains a challenge with a few clubs complying.
Each club was supposed to put 30 players on the scheme and remit K64,000 per season to Medical Aid Society of Malawi, However, few clubs comply and this is yet another failed project to say the least.
The athletes continue to suffer.
Source link
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Eastern Conference Atlantic Division W L PCT GB Westchester 10 5 .667 — Long Island 9 5 .643 ½ Maine 8 7 .533 2 Raptors 4 9 .308 5 Central Division W L PCT GB Fort Wayne 10 4 .714 — Wisconsin 9 5 .643 1 Grand Rapids 7 9 .438 4 Canton 5 7 .417 4 Windy City 5 7 .417 4 Southeast Division W L PCT GB Lakeland 9 5 .643 — Greensboro 5 10 .333 4½ Erie 5 10 .333 4½ Delaware 3 11 .214 6 Western Conference Midwest Division W L PCT GB Oklahoma City 7 7 .500 — Sioux Falls 6 7 .462 ½ Memphis 6 7 .462 ½ Iowa 4 8 .333 2 Pacific Division W L PCT GB South Bay 10 2 .833 — Santa Cruz 10 5 .667 1½ Agua Caliente 8 6 .571 3 Northern Arizona 5 8 .385 5½ Reno 4 8 .333 6 Southwest Division W L PCT GB Rio Grande Valley 13 3 .813 — Austin 8 7 .533 4½ Texas 7 7 .500 5 Salt Lake City 3 11 .214 9
___
Saturday's Games
Memphis 112, Greensboro 94
Lakeland 109, Fort Wayne 108 OT
Texas 127, Maine 105
Long Island 109, Wisconsin 105
Sunday's Games
Santa Cruz at Austin, 3 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Memphis, 5 p.m.
Westchester at Northern Arizona, 5 p.m.
South Bay at Reno, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Texas at Long Island, 7 p.m.
South Bay at Salt Lake City, 9 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
President Trump and their education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes them less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
April 13 Milan Station Holdings Ltd
* More Resignation Of Executive Directors And Changes Of Chairman Of The Nomination Committee And Member Of The Remuneration Committee
* Yiu Kwan Wai, Gary, an ED of company, has resigned as ED as they intend to concentrate their effort on business operation of group
* After their resignation Gary Yiu will remain as a director of certain subsidiaries of company
* Yiu Kwan Tat has resigned as an executive director, will also cease to be chairperson of co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Treehouses are conventionally for children - but you'll definitely want to play in this one, no matter what age you are.
Newmarket-based carpenters Josh Spoore, 23, and Peter Gutsell, 30, have built a treehouse in the French Alps and the view is stunning.
The pair were offered the job by a family in Samoëns and got a lot more than they bargained for.
Mr Spoore, of Cardigan Street, Newmarket, said: "We've always joked about building a treehouse and Peter phoned me up saying that he's been offered a job but they thought it was a bit of a joke. We were offered to build a treehouse in the south of France.
"We got in contact with the guy, spoke to him, sent us some plans over and offered us a chance to check it out. Then when we were there, we drew a plan with the family. Kids did little drawings. We put all the ideas together and designed it.
"We were so pleased with the final product. The view is incredible. Every time you take a minute to have a quick look over your shoulder, it gave you a bit of momentum to crack on and that you're building something special."
The pair took six weeks to complete the treehouse, which is located in a private property's back garden.
For more information about the pair, visit JA Spoore Carpentry.
Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degree, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
No amount of rain would keep the people of North Side and Cayman's sports community from enshrining three-time Olympic hurdler and flag bearer Ronald J. Forbes into the country's history books, renaming what was formerly Old Man Bay Playing Field in their honour, now the Ronald J. Forbes Playing Field.
“It's a huge honor to know that the North Side community have stood behind me as long as I've been alive.”
As the wind gusted fiercely, cars piled into the Craddock Ebanks Civic Centre, a quick alternative from the inclement weather. Teachers, students and government leaders scurried to reassemble the ceremony's location. A familiar act of support Forbes says they will continue to repay.
“I want local kids, not just in the district but the entire Cayman Islands, to have a hero to look up to.”
North Side MLA Hon. Ezzard Miller says the country couldn't have picked a better person.
“Well it's a particular amount of pride for me to have the field after a North Sider and a Caymanian. What we are trying to do here is create heroes for the North Side kids to look up to.”
Athletes in attendance such as fellow Olympian Kemar Hyman said the honouring of their fellow countryman sends a positive message to all athletes.
“Seeing something like this would definitely motivate me, just like it would motivate me it would definitely motive other youngsters in high school or track and field or in other sports.”
Cayman Islands Volleyball Federation's Ileann Powery says Forbes is a true inspiration.
“Such a small district, such a small island, you can come together and make such a big difference.”
Miller added they hope the youth of Cayman can look to Forbes and realize their own potential.
“If Ronald can do it, you can do it. What it takes? Talk to Ronald. It's takes commitment, it takes effort, it takes hard work but it can be done.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you'd like to make some more money each month, just look to your home.
It is probably the cause of most of the bills in your life, but you can actually make it work for you.
We compiled a few innovative ways you can make a little extra cash without disrupting your life too much. Some of them might not work for your lifestyle, but even if you just try one or two, you could make enough to treat yourself each month.
Find a lodger
For this option to work, you have to be comfortable inviting a stranger into your home.
This solution isn't for everyone, but if you rent out a furnished room in your home you can earn up to £7,500 a year in tax-free income.
Plus, there's no catch - it's actually a tax incentive to encourage people to rent out their spare rooms and help with housing shortages, the Manchester Evening News reported.
Advantages
-Extra cash for holidays, company for people who live alone
Disadvantages
-Lack of privacy, untidiness, bathroom etiquette
If the thought of not being able to walk around in the nude is too much to bear, here are a few other ways to make some cash from your home.
(Image: Daisy-Daisy)
Rent out your driveway
Everyone knows that parking around Cambridge can be a complete nightmare and is quite expensive.
But if you live in the centre or around the outskirts, why not help with this struggle and rent your driveway out as a parking space?
Or, if you own an flat with a parking space but don't have a car, then rent that out instead.
Websites like Just Park, Park On My Drive or YourParkingSpace.co.uk make it easy to advertise your space, but they do take a 10 per cent cut of your monthly earnings.
Potential earnings
- Renting one space or your driveway out for £80 a month could earn you £960 a year, and charging £100 would make you £1,200 a year.
Advantages
- Easy to manage, little maintenance, maximum profit
Disadvantages
- Can increase insurance, can be hassle if you rent weekly
These are the reasons why Cambridge is one of the best cities in Britain
Hire out your living room for production
Fancy your home being used on a film set? Or for a celebrity photo shoot? Well, here's your chance to make it happen. Location scouts are always on the hunt for places to film.
Try registering with an agency such as JJ Media or Locationworks, who are out there scouting for properties with star quality.
The big money is in film, but the bread and butter is in photoshoots, usually for fashion magazines, catalogues or homeware companies.
Potential earnings
- Josh Jones, CEO of JJ Media Group said: “We'd expect that you could earn around £700 for a small editorial shoot or a one day shoot with a crew on site.
"For larger bookings, such as TV commercials you could earn even more with typical fees being around £1,500 for a 12-hour shoot.”
Advantages
- Can be a huge earner, glamorous, potential to meet celebrities
Disadvantages
- Intrusion of home, you may have to move out for a night or two, it's not a regular stream of income
Clear out your loft
Believe it or not, people will actually pay you to store their stuff in your loft.
You can rent your loft, cellar, garage, spare room or outhouse on sites like Storemates.co.uk.
Co-founder of Storemates, Shaff Prabatani, had a storage problem of their own before setting up the site.
They said: “I set up the business after my girlfriend moved into my tiny flat with all their belongings and we soon ran out of space.
We were both working for charities and so couldn't afford expensive self-storage, so ended up renting spare space from our neighbours which was much more convenient and cheaper.
The idea spawned our website Storemates, which now lists thousands of household spaces around the country.”
"People can use your space to store everything from clothes and bedding, to sports equipment, books and archive documents.
"Garages and attics are very common, but we have noticed that people with a spare room are also renting them out as storage space- this is especially good if you don't want an extra person in your house but could do with a little extra rental income.
"You should also know that the Government now allow you to earn up to £2000 a year tax-free for renting out storage space in your home, it's the new ‘Sharing Economy' tax break.”
If you want to list your storage space on the site, you can add your photos for free, and then once you've got a taker, you'll both sign a storage agreement outlining the terms of the arrangement.
Then they'll move their stuff in, and you'll look after it.
Potential earnings
- On average ‘storage hosts' earn about £80 per month for a medium space, such as half a small loft, but can earn up to £150 for a large space like a whole garage.
Advantages
- Protection cover of £10,000 in case of damage or theft, low-hassle, £2000 tax-free income for renting out storage space
Disadvantages
- You lose your own free space, extra responsibility
Create an Airbnb in your home
If you don't fancy having a full time lodger, but could adjust to having a few guests every now and then, Airbnb could be a potential source of income.
If you think you could take a chance on Airbnb, you just need to take some clear photos of your home and list them on the site, along with what you'll offer your potential guests.
Guests are charged before they stay, and Airbnb will take a 3 per cent service charge.
Potential earnings
- The average host earns £2,000 a year by letting part or all of their home via Airbnb.
Advantages
- Meet new people, share experiences, Airbnb platform is easy to use
Disadvantages
- It's hard to trust a stranger in your home
Rent out your ENTIRE home
If you own a property and pay a hefty mortgage, why not move out and make some money?
But before you make a move, check the small print - as some mortgages include a clause that doesn't let you rent out your house, while some let you do it for up to a year, and others only if you are moving away for work and intend to move back.
Potential earnings
- Depending on the area of your home and the letting agency fees, you could earn over £1,000 a month
Advantages
- Could pay your mortgage off, low maintenance if using letting agency
Disadvantages
- Maintenance costs, can be damage to home
Today, Dutch VVD (NatLib; car driver-liberal) prime minister Mark Rutte, the only statesman who while visiting Donald Trump in their Oval Office dared interrupt a Trump rant against the EU during the press & photo-op moment, is receiving British Prime Minister Theresa May in the garden of the Catshuis, the The Hague meeting point and residence of Dutch coalition cabinets.
At the same time, D66, the Dutch version of the Lib Dem Social Liberals, is publishing a Facebook video of the visit Kees Verhoeven MP, our EU/Brexit and ICT/Privacy parliamentary spokesperson, recently made to the doorstep of Downing Street 10; another coalition residence (since 2010 and 2017…).
Like a famous Bob Dylan video, Kees has a stack of large pieces of paper in their hands, which while they peel away one paper at a time, form a clear message from Dutch Remain supporters of al hues (but most of all: us D66 activists) to Mrs May, their squabbling Cabinet (including Heathrow Commons vote deserters), and Brexiteers everywhere, including those being investigated by the FBI Special Counsel for illegal Putin-Trump connections and Cambridge Analytica Fake News manipulation.
Like the bookseller said to Saint Augustine: “Tolle, Lege”; read and take on board, take with you as you continue on your way…
Personally I was reminded of J.B. Priestley's “An Inspector Called”: a stranger talking facts brings a disconcerting visit to a self-satisfied group of closed-minded, introspective establishment people who only look to what the other is doing, saying or spinning, instead of what they, each of them, are doing to people an business in their (British) society in general.
See: https://www.facebook.com/AlexanderPechtold/.
See Prime Minister Rutte, yesterday, interrupting an anti-EU trade rant by Trump the Omniscient, always facts-based Saviour (or so Fox News and Breitbart call him):https://www.gelderlander.nl/video/production/rutte-onderbreekt-donald-trump~vp42557.
About Priestley's play: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An_Inspector_Calls
By Dr. Bernard Aris, D66 activist & LibDems supporting member
* Bernard Aris is a Dutch historian (university of Leiden), and Documentation assistant to the D66 parliamentary Party.  They are a member of the Brussels/EU branch of the LibDems.
(ABC NEWS)- A woman has been arrested on suspicion of killing eight babies and attempting to kill another six while working as a healthcare professional at the Countess of Chester Hospital in Cheshire, North Wales.
A police investigation launched more than a year ago originally was looking into the deaths of 15 newborn babies between 2015 and 2016 but has since been expanded to probe 17 deaths and a further 15 babies who suffered non-fatal collapses.
Neither the police nor the hospital would confirm the exact role of the healthcare worker, but police said they were searching a property a mile away.
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes, who is in charge of the investigation, said: “Since it was first launched in May 2017, a dedicated team of detectives has been working tirelessly on this case. This is a highly complex and very sensitive investigation, and, as you can appreciate, we need to ensure we do everything we possibly can to try to establish in detail what has led to these baby deaths and collapses.”
Speaking about the arrest, they added: “Whilst this is a significant step forward in our inquiries, it is important to remember that the investigation is very much active and ongoing at this stage. There are no set timescales for this coming to a conclusion but we remain committed to carrying out a thorough investigation as soon as possible.”
The Countess of Chester Hospital was found in a 2017 study by the Mothers and Babies: Reducing Risk through Audits and Confidential Enquiries to be had a neonatal death rate 10 percent higher than that found in similar units at other hospitals.
The hospital told ABC news that it had no comment other than the statement it issued on its website, which said: “We are continuing to support Cheshire Police with their ongoing investigation. Asking the police to look into this was not something we did lightly, but we need to do everything we can to understand what has happened here and get the answers we and the families so desperately want. The Countess is now equivalent to a Level 1 Special Care Baby Unit and we are confident the unit is safe to continue in its current form.”
The last major case involving infant deaths was the 1991 murders committed by Beverly Allitt, a nurse who killed four children by lethal injection and who attempted to kill three more.
LISA Pathfinder, a mission led by ESA (the European Space Agency) with contributions from NASA, has successfully demonstrated critical technologies needed to build a space-based observatory for detecting ripples in space-time called gravitational waves. Now a team of NASA scientists hopes to take advantage of the spacecraft's record-breaking sensitivity to map out the distribution of tiny dust particles shed by asteroids and comets far from Earth.
Most of these particles have masses measured in micrograms, similar to a small grain of sand. But with speeds greater than 22,000 mph (36,000 kph), even micrometeoroids pack a punch. The new measurements could help refine dust models used by researchers in a variety of studies, from understanding the physics of planet formation to estimating impact risks for current and future spacecraft.
"We've shown we have a novel technique and that it works," said Ira Thorpe, who leads the team at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. "The next step is to carefully apply this technique to our whole data set and interpret the results."
The mission's primary goal was to test how well the spacecraft could fly in formation with an identical pair of 1.8-inch (46 millimeters) gold-platinum cubes floating inside it. The cubes are test masses intended to be in free fall and responding only to gravity.
The spacecraft serves as a shield to protect the test masses from external forces. When LISA Pathfinder responds to pressure from sunlight and microscopic dust impacts, the spacecraft automatically compensates by firing tiny bursts from its micronewton thrusters to prevent the test masses from being disturbed.
Scientists call this drag-free flight. In its first two months of operations in early 2016, LISA Pathfinder demonstrated the process with a precision some five times better than its mission requirements, making it the most sensitive instrument for measuring acceleration yet flown. It has now reached the sensitivity level needed to build a full multi-spacecraft gravitational wave observatory.
"Every time microscopic dust strikes LISA Pathfinder, its thrusters null out the small amount of momentum transferred to the spacecraft," said Goddard co-investigator Diego Janches. "We can turn that around and use the thruster firings to learn more about the impacting particles. One team's noise becomes another team's data."
Much of what we know about interplanetary dust is limited to Earth's neighborhood, thanks in large part to NASA's Long Duration Exposure Facility (LDEF). Launched into Earth orbit by the space shuttle Challenger in April 1984 and retrieved by the space shuttle Columbia in January 1990, LDEF hosted dozens of experiments, many of which were designed to better understand the meteoroid and orbital debris environment.
The different compositions, orbits and histories of different asteroids and comets naturally produce dust with a range of masses and velocities. Scientists suspect the smallest and slowest particles are enhanced in Earth's neighborhood, so the LDEF results are not representative of the wider solar system.
"Small, slow particles near a planet are most susceptible to the planet's gravitational pull, which we call gravitational focusing," Janches said. This means the micrometeoroid flux near Earth should be much higher than that experienced by LISA Pathfinder, located about 930,000 miles (1.5 million kilometers) closer to the sun.
To find the impacts, Tyson Littenberg at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, adapted an algorithm they originally developed to search for gravitational waves in data from the ground-based detectors of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-wave Observatory (LIGO), located in Livingston, Louisiana, and Hanford, Washington. In fact, it was one of many algorithms that played a role in the discovery of gravitational waves by LIGO, announced in February 2016.
"The way it works is that we come up with a guess of what the signal might look like, then study how LIGO or LISA Pathfinder would react if this guess were true," Littenberg explained. "For LIGO, we're guessing about the waveform, the peaks and valleys of the gravitational wave. For LISA Pathfinder, we're guessing about an impact."
To map out the probability of likely sources, the team generates millions of different scenarios describing what the source might be and compares them to what the spacecraft actually detects.
In response to an impact, LISA Pathfinder fires its thrusters to counteract both the minute "push" from the strike and any change in the spacecraft's spin. Together, these quantities allow the researchers to determine the impact's location on the spacecraft and reconstruct the micrometeoroid's original trajectory. This may allow the team to identify individual debris streams and perhaps relate them to known asteroids and comets.
"This is a very nice collaboration," said Paul McNamara, the LISA Pathfinder project scientist at ESA's Directorate of Science in Noordwijk, the Netherlands. "This is data we use for doing our science measurements, and as an offshoot of that, Ira and their team can tell us about microparticles hitting the spacecraft."
Its distant location, sensitivity to low-mass particles, and ability to measure the size and direction of impacting particles make LISA Pathfinder a unique instrument for studying the population of micrometeoroids in the inner solar system. But it's only the beginning.
"This is a proof of concept, but we'd hope to repeat this technique with a full gravitational wave observatory that ESA and NASA are currently studying for the future," said Thorpe. "With multiple spacecraft in different orbits and a much longer observing time, the quality of the data should really improve."
LISA Pathfinder is managed by ESA and includes contributions from NASA Goddard and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. The mission launched on Dec. 3, 2015, and began orbiting a point called Earth-sun L1, roughly 930,000 miles (1.5 million km) from Earth in the sun's direction, in late January 2016.
LISA stands for Laser Interferometer Space Antenna, a space-based gravitational wave observatory concept that has been studied in great detail by both NASA and ESA. It is a concept being explored for the third large mission of ESA's Cosmic Vision Plan, which seeks to launch a gravitational wave observatory in 2034.
###
Over the course of three days, after 40 rounds and 1,205 players were selected, 13 players with Hawaii ties got the call from the big leagues.
It started early Tuesday on day two with Punahou graduate and Oregon State standout KJ Harrison going in the 3rd round, 84th overall, to the Milwaukee Brewers.
"I actually got right out of my final [exam} and I got a call saying that I was about to get drafted," Harrison said. "I was talking to my dad, so it was a pretty special moment."
The Kailua native is hitting .330 this season with a team-leading eight home runs as their Beavers will chase a national championship at the College World Series beginning Saturday.
"It's been a pretty crazy few days here and there," Harrison said. "It's been nothing but a blessing and I'm truly honored and so thankful to be in this position."
Ryley Widell became the first King Kekaulike High School graduate ever drafted when they went in the seventh round to the Minnesota Twins. Widell has spent the last two seasons pitching for Central Arizona College and was signed to play at the University of North Carolina next season, but they will sign with the Twins according to the Maui News.
'Iolani alum Tanner Nishioka was selected by the Boston Red Sox in the ninth round, putting their plans to attend medical school on hold after tearing up Division III baseball at Pomona-Pitzer College in California.
Hilo High School's Joey Jarneski went early on Wednesday, the final day of the draft, the 374th selection and 12th round pick of the Texas Rangers.
Gatorade State Player of the Year Joey Cantillo of Kailua High School was taken in the 16th round by the San Diego Padres. Cantillo has a scholarship to play at the University of Kentucky next season, but says he'll sit down with their family and discuss the best option for them and make a decision sooner than the July 15th deadline to sign.
"It was definitely a moment I'll remember for the rest of my life," Cantillo said of finding out he'd be drafted. "I always grew up as a kid wanting to play professional baseball. You always tell yourself you want to be drafted after your senior year of high school and stuff, but you never really know, there are so many things that can happen. To see all my hard work pay off, it feels good and it's really rewarding."
Kobie Russell of Waipahu High School was selected in the 17th round, 519th overall, by the Toronto Blue Jays.
Two recent graduates from the University of Hawaii came off the board in the middle rounds Wednesday. Big West honorable mention Casey Ryan became the first UH player drafted since 2015 when they were taken by the Chicago Cubs in the 18th round. Ryan was a shutdown reliever, leading the 'Bows with a 1.52 ERA.
"Just a dream come true," Ryan said. "Ever since I was four-and-a-half years old I just wanted to become a professional baseball player. All the years and time and dedication I've put in, it all becomes worth it. It's such a special moment for me and a my family. The Cubs are an amazing organization, amazing coaches, amazing players. It's going to be an awesome journey and a fun ride."
Rainbow Warriors third baseman Josh Rojas was selected eight rounds later in the 26th by the Houston Astros. The All-Big-West second-team pick hit a team-best five home runs and posted six triples as a senior, the most by a UH player since 1997. Rojas was back home in Arizona monitoring the draft until the 22nd round when they decided to stop following it and go to lunch. Their parents called not long after saying they had been drafted by the only team they worked out for.
"After going to the workout I was definitely looking at some of their players and saw they like to bring players up through their system, start them when they're young and work them to the major league level," Rojas said. "I'm really excited to start working, I know it's going to be a grind once I get there. Going from a senior into pro ball, I know you go from the top of the totem pole to the bottom, so it's a grind I'm definitely going to be ready to embrace."
Three players from UH's incoming recruiting class were drafted. Jonny Homza, an infielder from Anchorage, Alaska, was taken in the 5th round by the San Diego Padres. Six-foot-five pitching prospect Cade Smith went to the Twins in the 16th round. Austin Rubick, an incoming pitcher from Ventura College, was the Brewers 20th round pick.
Hawaii Pacific senior pitcher Matthew Gunter was the 999th overall pick in the 33rd round by the Blue Jays. Gunter was second in the PacWest with a 2.09 ERA last season, as well as a National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association All-America honorable mention.
“We are so proud of Matt and wish them the best on their start in professional baseball,” said HPU Coach Garrett Yukumoto. “He has been our shining star this season.”
Punahou High School's Cole Cabrera went off the board in the 37th round to the Tampa Bay Rays. Cabrera is committed to play at Cal Poly.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
Los Angeles police and firefighters gather where authorities say a man fatally shot their mother after a house fire in the Gardena section of Los Angeles on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Daniel Bowyer)
Los Angeles police and firefighters gather where authorities say a man fatally shot their mother after a house fire in the Gardena section of Los Angeles on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Daniel Bowyer)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A man fatally shot their mother at the scene of a house fire early Tuesday morning, sending firefighters scrambling for cover behind their fire trucks, before holing themselves up for two hours inside the burned home south of downtown Los Angeles, authorities said.
Firefighters were called to the two-story home around 4:30 a.m. and saw smoke billowing out of several windows, Fire Capt. Erik Scott said. They quickly extinguished the blaze, but about 15 minutes later, gunshots rang out, Scott said.
"Our firefighters actually had to shield themselves behind their own apparatus," they said.
Fire crews noticed the 50-year-old woman lying on the ground outside of the home and tried to provide medical help, but they were pronounced dead at the scene, Scott said.
The suspect, who police believe is the victim's son, retreated back into the home, said Sgt. Frank Preciado, a Los Angeles police spokesperson. Police and sheriff's deputies set up a perimeter and evacuated nearby homes during the standoff, which lasted about two hours.
The 25-year-old man, whose name wasn't immediately released, surrendered to police around 7 a.m., Preciado said. They appeared to have a self-inflicted gunshot wound when they were taken into custody and was brought to a hospital in critical condition, the sergeant said.
Four adults and a child were displaced by the blaze, and the American Red Cross was sent to assist them, according to fire officials.
Mardi Gras float mocks 'ringless' Falcons
Instead, the unthinkable happened and the Patriots erased a 25-point deficit -- the largest in Super Bowl history -- and shocked the Falcons in overtime.
While Atlanta fans wont soon get over the loss, New Orleans Saints fans are having some fun with it.
A float called The Young, The Ringless is making noise at Mardi Gras.
The float features a ringless Matt Ryan, Dirty Bird gumbo and a voodoo doll wearing a Falcons jersey with pins stuck in it.
Twitter
The Falcons swept the Saints this season and lead the overall series 51-45. However, the Saints have one Lombardi Trophy -- something that the Falcons are still chasing.
Twitter
Link Back It feels like just yesterday that the Atlanta Falcons came oh-so-close to winning their first Super Bowl in franchise history.Instead, the unthinkable happened and the Patriots erased a 25-point deficit -- the largest in Super Bowl history -- and shocked the Falcons in overtime.While Atlanta fans wont soon get over the loss, New Orleans Saints fans are having some fun with it.A float called The Young, The Ringless is making noise at Mardi Gras.The float features a ringless Matt Ryan, Dirty Bird gumbo and a voodoo doll wearing a Falcons jersey with pins stuck in it.The Falcons swept the Saints this season and lead the overall series 51-45. However, the Saints have one Lombardi Trophy -- something that the Falcons are still chasing.
Galleries
Collection
Marissa Webb's familiar military-meets-men's wear aesthetic derived from a personal heirloom this season. One of their grandfathers, a sea captain named William, had a vintage nautical jacket that triggered Webb's first sketch. Anyone who knows the slightest about the designer knows they love a good utilitarian reference. “I love old uniforms and in general always gravitate toward the history of clothing,” Webb said at a walk-through.
The buttons of the jacket turned up on silhouettes ranging from sleek jumpsuits to military outerwear and severely high-waisted pants, which drew from Thirties men's wear and were cut in denim, a first for the brand. But don't think of it as a launch, simply as another fabrication to bring in a sense of casualness. “For me, it's about what do I wear on a daily basis that I can offer to people that love our silhouettes.” The fabric was also cut in a great coat with an open back that could be worn as a dress.
It's equally important for Webb to balance the toughness with femininity. Tiered floral dresses provided movement against sharply tailored jackets; velvets, hinting at fall, were cut loose and open for a light feeling. Easy lace tops paired back effortlessly to the high-waisted pants and had a sense of novelty. Yet nothing was more novel than a graphic T with “William” printed three times, signifying the men in Webb's life — their grandfather, father and husband.
HALIFAX - The Mounties have decided against laying charges in the Nova Scotia nursing home death of a 79-year-old man who was pushed by a female resident, fell down and injured their head.
Gordon Birchell died on Oct. 29 last year, several days after the push and fall at the Ivy Meadows home in the Halifax suburb of Beaver Bank.
Joan Birchell holds a snapshot of their late husband Gordon Birchell, at their home in Windsor Junction, N.S. on Thursday, Dec. 1, 2016. The Mounties have decided against laying charges in the Nova Scotia nursing home death of a 79-year-old man who was pushed by a female resident, fell down and injured their head. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Andrew Vaughan
RCMP spokesperson Cpl. Jennifer Clarke says in a news release that police ruled it a homicide, but decided against laying charges based on the woman's cognitive impairment.
They could not confirm the woman's condition, but Joan Birchell, the wife of the deceased man, has said they were told by staff the female resident suffered from severe dementia.
The Halifax man was initially hospitalized at the Cobequid Community Health Centre, but they were returned to the home, where they died as a result of their injuries.
Joan Birchell has said their husband, who suffered from the early stages of dementia, had been pushed by the same woman on repeat occasions, including one occasion when they were present.
VFW Post 1083 Crothersville will hold an Open Sunday serving lunch this Sunday, July 8.
On the menu will be Chicken, Smoked Sausage & Cabbage, Potatoes, Green Beans, Sides and Desserts. Serving will begin at noon
The public is cordially invited to take part.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gas hobs are being recalled by IKEA over carbon monoxide fears, it has been announced.
The furniture and home goods giant announced the news on its website today (April 24).
Anyone who purchased an ELDSLÅGA gas hob before January 1 this year is asked to call the customer service department to book in a repair as a matter of urgency.
The gas hobs are being repaired due to carbon monoxide emissions above European Union limit levels.
A home visit by a service technician to repair the hob is free of charge.
A statement on the IKEA website said: “As a precautionary measure, IKEA is conducting a recall for repair on all ELDSLÅGA gas hobs purchased before January 1, 2018.
“This action follows an investigation by the Belgian market surveillance authorities. To repair this fault, a home visit by a service technician is required. This service is free of charge.
(Image: IKEA)
“Due to a human error at the supplier the wrong gas injector was installed resulting in CO emissions above European Union requirements. CO is a poisonous gas that has no smell or taste.
“Symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning can include headache, nausea, dizziness, tiredness, stomach pain and can in very extreme cases lead to death.
“The investigation shows that the wrong injector does not increase the risk of fire or explosion. There have been no reported incidents.
“Customers are urged to stop using the rapid burner (hob) placed in the upper right corner as pictured until the repair service has been completed. All other burners are safe to use.”
“To repair the fault, customers affected are asked to contact the IKEA customer service team on 0203 645 0010 to book a time for the repair service. A receipt is not required.
Ikea drawers 'kills eighth child' - but there's no UK recall yet
The affected products have been sold in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Czech Republic, Croatia, Lithuania, Serbia, Russia, Slovakia, Hungary, Poland, Spain, United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Austria, Germany, Belgium and France.
IKEA has apologised for any inconvenience this may cause.
Chibugo Obichere will jump over any hurdle in sight. It doesn't much matter if the hurdles are placed on the track or, more metaphorically, within their daily schedule. Regardless, Obichere will usually clear them with both speed and precision.
A year ago, Obichere's indoor track prowess was an unknown entity. Now, it's an undeniable fact. The Valley Stream South junior is the returning state public school 55-meter hurdles champion, running an 8.22 at the indoor state championships last March at Ocean Breeze Athletic Complex on Staten Island. They finished third in the Federation and is the top returning finisher from that portion of the event.
What makes Obichere's success so remarkable is their incredible ability to balance playing two sports in the same season.  They are also a guard/forward on the school's basketball team. Plenty of students around Long Island play two sports, even three, but to double up in the same season takes some serious skills, both in competition and with a calendar.
“The coaches plan out the schedules, so I'm never too overloaded,” Obichere said. “I usually go to track practice after school and then basketball practice after that. All the [basketball] games and [track] meets are on different days this year; they planned it out that way. Nothing interferes with one another. I just have to make sure I stay on top of homework and things like that because I don't have that much time.”
Valley Stream South uses one gym for both the middle and high school basketball teams, Track coach Nicole Bertrami said. Bertrami and basketball coach Michael O'Brien work together to make sure that their practices and workouts don't overlap in such a way that it would hamper Obichere's development.
“[O'Brien] and I have a great working relationship,” Bertrami said. “We are both huge Chibugo fans, so we do the best we can to navigate . . . [Obichere] is great at time management. There are times she'll have to come back to school [for practice] or go right from one practice to another and then do their homework . . . It does lend itself to more of a structure because we only have that one gym.”
Last year, Obichere played both sports as a sort of experiment. Could they excel at basketball while using indoor meets to train for the outdoor track season? What they didn't count on was having a championship-caliber indoor track season. This, they said, changed the way they thought about their goals and how they stack up against the rest of the state.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
But even though they have reached the pinnacle of public school state supremacy and has a Federation title within reach, Obichere's goals remain primarily time-centric. They said they want to dip below the eight-second mark.
“My form is better [this year],” Obichere said. “We've been doing more drills that [focus on] trail legs and lead legs and getting over the hurdles quicker. Even when I see pictures of me going over the hurdles from last year, my form is all over the place. So now it's getting better.”
Last season, Obichere won the Nassau Class B 55 hurdles championship in 8.41 seconds and took the event at the Nassau State qualifier in 8.33 seconds.
“Chibugo is a natural,” Bertrami said. “Her athletic ability just continues to increase. That mental commitment and dedication to the sport is the foundation.”
More crimes were reported to police in 2016 than in each of the previous six years.
More than 4,000 crimes were on the books, according to the 2016 Compendium of Statistics.
Cayman 27's Reshma Ragoonath breaks down Cayman's 2016 crime stats and as far as reports of crimes 2016 goes down as one of the worst in Cayman Islands history in the six-period shared in the 2016 Compendium of Statistics. Last year police were kept busy with 4,278 reported crimes.
That's 533 more crimes than the year before. All categories of crime showed increases except for three.
Reports of drug crimes dropped from 197 to 180. In fact, that's the lowest number of drug-related crimes reported in the six years included in the stats.
Burglary and disorderly conduct also dropped. Crime spikes were recorded in six categories. Among them; Offences against property nearly doubled in reports from 323 in 2015 to 641 last year.
Theft also rose in 2016 up 17% from the year before.
Other offences against the person like crimes including assault causing grievous bodily harm climbed 16%.
Other offences against the public, offences like rape and other sex crimes increased from 74 in 2015 to 84 last year. Common assault rose from 163 in 2015 to 206 in 2016
There were 874 “Other offences” recorded last year 224 more than 2015. Of the 4,278 crimes reported last year and 45% were cleared up.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
(NEW YORK) -- American Girl has announced its first boy character that will be available starting Feb. 18.The 18-inch doll, named Logan Everett, comes with their own drum set an...
RENTON, Wash. — Before they left town a few weeks ago after working out for the Seahawks, Brandon Marshall picked up a little bit of Seattle-related gear at the airport.
They were that confident an opportunity to continue their career was going to happen with the Seahawks.
"I went in there and bought a couple of things, some shirts, socks because I knew that moment was going to happen. I felt good about the workout," Marshall said.
Marshall became the latest addition to the Seahawks when they signed a one-year deal Wednesday and was immediately on the field as Seattle continued its second week of OTAs. Marshall displayed some of that gear they bought when they announced on social media their intent to sign with the Seahawks.
Their work was limited in their first day, understandably, but it was a sign of how quickly Marshall wants to get this latest — maybe last — phase of their career started.
Marshall is coming off an abbreviated 2017 season where they were limited to five games with the New York Giants due to an ankle injury that required surgery. They were due to make $5 million this season with New York but was released by the Giants in mid-April. At age 34, Marshall said they didn't have many options after they were released.
"I think the sentiment around the league is that I'm done. And I get it, rightfully so, when you get on the other side of 30 and your production slips and you have a big injury. People count you out," Marshall said. "It was an interesting process. It was a humbling process."
While Marshall had their ankle repaired surgically, they also had surgery on their toe for an injury suffered during the 2015 season while with the New York Jets. The combination of procedures extended Marshall's recovery, and it was only just before being released by the Giants that they were able to progress beyond just rehabilitation from the surgeries.
Marshall said they were originally going to wait until they retired to have the toe surgery.
"That's the thing that took the longest. Right when I was released from the Giants, probably a few days later I was able to run pain free. I was able to run routes and do things and train while rehabbing, but it wasn't pain free. ... I've been working ever since. I feel good. I don't feel great. Obviously I've got a lot of catching up to do."
In the Navy Yard's historic chapel, veterans help their own survive addiction | Mike Newall May 25
Mike Newall has been writing for the Inquirer since 2010. Originally from Brooklyn, N.Y., they have been writing about Philadelphia crime, courts, politics, and neighborhoods since 2003. Before joining the Inquirer, they were a staff writer and columnist for Philadelphia Weekly and Philadelphia City Paper. They live in Philadelphia with their wife and dog.
Jason Carmine (left) and their father, Kevin, who were living under the Tulip Street bridge, carry away their belonging as police evicted people living at two of Kensington's heroin camps.
The police and the garbage trucks and the city officials arrived early on eviction day at the heroin encampment under the Tulip Street train tunnel. Jason Carmine and their father, Kevin, began to pack up their makeshift hut.
Originally from New Castle County, Del., father and son had lived there for the last two months, alongside 40 other people in the tunnel. There, where they got high, Jason had saved their father's life with two doses of Narcan. There, they assured each other at night that things would get better. “Because, God willing,” Jason told him, “it can't get any worse.”
Now the garbage trucks were idling, and Jason stuffed their belongings — two blankets, two pillows, four pairs of pants, four shirts, and a pair of sandals — into one of the blue crates the city had handed out. The Carmines would have to leave behind a queen mattress someone had donated.
“This is all we can carry,” said Kevin, with white hair and tattoos of their late wife's name on their neck. Blood speckled their jeans and their sneakers from a wound on their arm. They said they had been using drugs all of Jason's life.
Jason, at 36 gaunt and already graying, said they had been addicted to heroin for 14 years. Their two children live with other family. They came to Kensington with a promise of a landscaping job, and when the job fell through, they stayed for the heroin.
Their father, 58, had left for Kensington four weeks before they did. It had been months since Jason had heard from them when they limped into the camp a few days after Jason got there.
“I was happy, because I found out my dad wasn't dead or anything,” they said.
Father and son made a place for themselves on Tulip Street. Jason cobbled together a hut from pallets and tarps, pulled the mattress inside, and set a chair out front. “It sucked living down there,” Jason said. “But in the worst kind of storms, we were OK.”
And now a sanitation worker was stuffing their home into the grinder of a garbage truck, and Jason and Kevin were carrying their crate down Somerset Street to find somewhere new to land. “Under a new bridge,” Kevin cracked.
They trudged toward Kensington Avenue. A group of kids on the corner lobbed fireworks into the street. Jason flinched and mentioned the time gunfire rang out in the tunnel a few nights before, and the time someone threw a bottle at them while they panhandled on Lehigh Avenue. They passed some construction workers who stared in confusion and a little disgust.
They passed the Frankford Avenue encampment, and the Emerald Street one, both swelling with the stragglers from the other camps. They neared the remnants of the Kensington Avenue camp, where there were a protest on the corner and news cameras everywhere.
Some of the protesters shouted for the camps to remain until the city could provide housing and a safe injection site. The night before, neighbors across the street and even some who had lost children to overdoses said they felt for people like Jason and Kevin but could no longer tolerate the camps in their neighborhood.
And now the last remnants of two camps were unmoored and on the move, even as dozens more people went inside or into treatment. Jason and their father talked of the future, and of their hopes. Jason talked of their kids, and their shame at leaving them, and how they worried about dying and leaving them forever.
They clung to the words he'd written on the sign they held at the I-95 ramp: “I will work for my money.”
They knew what the neighborhood thought of him. They didn't want to be a blight.
They hope to qualify next Monday for a 30-day treatment program. Kevin isn't sure there's much hope left for himself, but they want their son to get well. To get out. “He can't handle any fentanyl,” they said.
Before any of that, they needed to find a new place. And they had one in mind. Somewhere quiet, past the I-95 overpass and the strip malls on Aramingo, behind the hulking warehouses, in a grassy, open field by the river. There they would spread their blankets and maybe build a new hut, and try to ride out one more storm.
>> READ MORE: A Kensington block captain's house is firebombed, but she's staying ​| Mike Newall
A hearing panel has found a Hamilton justice of the peace engaged in judicial misconduct.
Paul Welsh was brought before the Justices of the Peace Review Council after an error was made in a criminal court in October 2013 that led to a man's wrongful arrest. Welsh was accused of "unilaterally changing the return date on a court matter without taking steps to notify the accused, counsel of record, or the Crown of the new return date," according to the notice of hearing.
Without anyone knowing of the changed court date, the accused — identified in court documents as Ian Silverthorne — failed to show, and a bench warrant was issued. They were later arrested and charged with failing to appear in court.
Evidence was introduced to the hearing panel last week that included "a number of letters from judges of the Ontario court of Justice, from justices of the peace, from the Superior Court of Justice and there were lawyers both in defence practice and from the Crown attorney's office," Welsh's lawyer Eugene Bhattacharya said Monday in an interview.
"He (Welsh) was grateful for the support they were shown by the legal community," they said.
"These types of proceedings are designed to improve the way the administration of justice works ... even though it is not necessarily a result that my client is happy or proud of, it is a situation where others might learn and avoid these problems in the future."
Bhattacharya submitted at the hearing that an apology, training on independence and integrity, and a suspension with pay for a period between 14 and 30 days would be appropriate. They also called for Welsh to be compensated for their legal costs. The presenting counsel argued an apology, education on how to manage a busy courtroom and a suspension without pay would be appropriate.
The hearing panel will announce its decision Feb. 15 at 10 a.m. in Toronto.
2:51 DACA holder voices their fears with a Trump administration Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:19 Ezekiel Elliott focused on wins, not records
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
For the first time since its acquisition by L'Oréal in 2012, Baxter of California is making serious strides to grow its business.
The Los Angeles-based men's brand has a new global president — Yann Joffredo — and a new campaign aimed at Millennial men. Industry sources estimate the brand does about $25 million in sales, but with increased efforts in digital and social media marketing, it could triple that number by 2020.
The setting — Florence's Museo Bardini, filled with time-worn artifacts and medieval and renaissance sculptures from the collection of 19th-century art dealer Stefano Bardini — could not have been better. Barefoot, toting battered sneakers hanging from ties, Federico Curradi's bohemian protagonists blended with the site's decor, their layered, flowing ensembles doused in the colors of the museum and the city beyond. (Think rust, green, stormy grays and blues echoing the tint of the museum's walls.)
Takeaway items included superthin trenchcoats in silky shirting fabrics, pajama shirts, boxer shorts-inspired Bermuda pants and washed knits in painterly inky blots evoking a stormy Florentine sky.
A timeless, artistic mood pervaded, with white ties streaming from looks to give a youthful edge, and silhouettes coming artfully undone.
Cut from washed cottons, even the Tuscan designer's suiting — simple and slightly boxy — was super unstructured and relaxed. But it was the artisanal details like the fraying at the necklines, patchwork trims and kimono ties that made the pieces feel one-of-a-kind.
At Library, Virtual Reality Tours Wednesday
Those curious about virtual reality (VR) and have not yet visited the Westport Library's MakerSpace this summer still have a chance to learn about and experience a VR headset.
The library will hold sessions to learn about VR on Wednesday from 2 to 3:30 p.m. and Wednesday, Aug. 23, the same time.
Library officials are touting the new HTV Vive headset as a “striking virtual reality experience.”
“While Oculus Rift users are encouraged to sit down when using that hardware, the Vive promises to be more of an interactive experience that is reminiscent of Nintendo's Wii video gaming platform,” an announcement said.
The HTC Vive allows one to move around “and physically interact with your virtual environment,” according to library officials.
The demonstration to be held in the MakerSpace balcony is open to all ages.
For further information, visit http://www.westportlibrary.org.
BRUSSELS (AP) - The European Union's foreign policy chief says the EU is reluctant to change the landmark nuclear agreement with Iran even as U.S. President Donald Trump threatens to walk away from the pact.
Federica Mogherini said Monday after chairing talks among the foreign ministers of EU countries that Europeans "attach strategic importance to the full implementation of the agreement by all parties."
Mogherini said: "It is for us a matter of security, for Europe and for the rest of the world."
The EU's representative for foreign affairs and security policy says the pact, "if disrupted, would create an additional security threat and concern in the region."
Mogherini says the EU hopes to dissuade Iran from developing missiles or undermining regional security, but that work must happen "outside the scope of the nuclear agreement."
ISTANBUL (AP) — The head of the Turkish soccer federation says the country will bid to host the 2024 European Championship.
Federation president Yildirim Demiroren says Turkey will formally submit its bid on March 2, its fourth effort to host the European Championship.
Turkey had bid to host the final games of Euro 2020 but later withdrew its application saying it would concentrate efforts on 2024.
Demiroren says “Turkey is the only country in Europe and in the world to have invested in 32 stadiums in the past few years … We believe that this time, as the (federation) and the people, we deserve to win this.”
"It happens," Sale said, adding, "terrible time for it to happen."
Kluber, favoured by many to win a second AL Cy Young Award, was rocked for six runs and seven hits by the Yankees on Friday. The Cleveland righty was chased in the third inning.
"Kluber finally looking like he's human," Indians star Francisco Lindor said after a 9-8 win in 13 innings.
Severino had the roughest start of them all. Picked to pitch the AL wild-card game for the Yankees, the 23-year-old gave up two quick home runs to Minnesota and was pulled after getting only one out.
And then there's Kershaw, who became the first Dodger to give up four homers in a post-season game ever — although they still got the win in Los Angeles' 9-5 victory over Arizona in Game 1.
Aces in the hole, for sure.
And unexpected in a post-season featuring 11 Cy Young Award winners.
"I can't really put, obviously, a theory to why pitchers are getting out or it's just not going the way for starting pitchers," Hill said.
Twins starter Ervin Santana also got bounced fast in the wild-card loss to the Yankees.
"Common threads? I think that hitters have been aggressive and just kind of mislocation," Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. "Guys are taking good at-bats, they're spoiling pitches. Pitch counts are getting way up there."
"That's the great thing about this game though, it's just so unpredictable," they said.
To Arizona manager Torey Lovullo, a lot of credit goes to Paul Goldschmidt, Jose Altuve and other top hitters. Especially when they're facing pitchers who might be a bit tired.
"October baseball is the best thing in the world, as far as I'm concerned. I think these players feel it for so long that maybe they walk out on the mound, give what they can, and their tank is emptied a little sooner than later," Lovullo said.
"And you have so many things you're walking into today. With today's players, they're able to equip themselves with all sorts of information, video, advance scouting. They can direct their own swings and prepare their own swings to attack starting pitching. I think there are a lot of things that go into that," they said.
By Ben Walker, The Associated Press
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Akayed Ullah, the 27-year-old suspect in Monday's terror attack in Manhattan, appears to fit the profile of what many experts see as law enforcement's biggest worry — the obscure loner who becomes self-radicalized and lashes out in a home-brewed attack.
A former licensed livery driver, Ullah apparently was under the radar of law enforcement until a homemade bomb authorities said they strapped to their torso detonated in the passageway near the Times Square subway station and Port Authority Bus Terminal.
As NYPD emergency service cops took Ullah to a hospital, police investigators and FBI counterterrorism agents swooped down on the house at East 48th Street in Brooklyn where they lived in a search for evidence and to make sure there were no other devices.
Port Authority explosion witness describes scene
At news conference later Monday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Department of Homeland Security confirmed that Ullah was admitted to the United States after presenting a passport displaying a F43 family immigrant visa in 2011. That classification means Ullah was the child of someone who is the sibling of a U.S. citizen.
A government source said that while Ullah drove limousines in the city, they had a clean record with no citations and only two traffic tickets.
Mitch Silber, former director of intelligence for the NYPD, said Ullah's case looks like that of someone radicalized in the United States.
Ullah said they acted alone, although not at its directions, but had sympathy for ISIS, police sources said.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
A spokesperson for the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission said Ullah held a TLC For-Hire Vehicle Driver's License from March 2012 through March 2015, when it lapsed and was not renewed. As a for-hire vehicle driver, Ullah was an independent contractor.
By most accounts, Ullah, identified by police as an immigrant from Bangladesh, had little interaction with their Brooklyn neighbors, according to those who lived near him. What interaction they did have seemed unfriendly.
“He doesn't talk to anybody, they don't say ‘hi' or anything,” said Kisslyn Joseph, 19, who has been living next door for the past month while visiting relatives. “I would say “good morning” or something and they just ignored me.”
Joseph, a resident of Grenada, said Ullah's family members kept to themselves.
Alan Butrico, 55, is the owner of a local hardware store in the neighborhood and also owns the house next to Ullah's home, which they rent to tenants. Butrico said the suspect lived at the house with their mother, father and siblings.
“He would walk by my store all the time, block my driveway a few times. We had to tell them to move the car. That was really it,” they said of Ullah's black sedan. “He doesn't speak to anybody.”
Another resident of the neighborhood, Shawnda Brown, said they were stunned to learn a terror suspect lived nearby.
“The proximity is startling,” Brown, 39, said. “Jesus, literally, they had a bomb.”
With Mark Morales and Emily Ngo
Karan Johar and Saif Ali Khan are all set to host IIFA this year. Varun Dhawan is all set to make a debut at IIFA Awards with a dance performance and will also be seen co-hosting a segment of the star-studded awards night.
IIF Awards is the highly anticipated award celebration that honors the very best of Indian Cinema with the highest level of achievement seen through the glamorous statuette.
The 18th Edition of IIFA Awards 2017, to be held at New York's iconic MetLife Stadium on July 15, will witness power-packed performances by Bollywood superstars- Salman Khan, Alia Bhatt, Katrina Kaif, Shahid Kapoor, Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon, to name a few.
Karan Johar said, “IIFA is the most awaited international award function of the Indian film fraternity. I am excited and look forward to hosting the 18th Edition of the IIFA Weekend And Awards. New York will be spellbound with the magic of IIFA!”
Saif Ali Khan added, “I am happy to be back to the IIFA stage this year as I join my close friend Karan Johar to host the IIFA Awards in New York. The excitement for IIFA has been steadily growing worldwide. This year it's going to be super fun and glamorous in every way as Karan and I are going to have lots of surprises in store for our fans internationally!”
Trending:
Varun Dhawan shared, “I am absolutely excited to be a part of IIFA Awards in New York this year. I'm looking forward to joining everyone and see fans at the amazing MetLife Stadium. This year is truly going to be a grand celebration and I can't wait to be there!”
A day before the main awards gala, IIFA Rocks will regale the audience with a celebration of 25 years of Oscar winning talent A.R. Rahman. It will also feature a medley of musicians including Rahman, Diljit Dosanjh, Benny Dayal, Javed Ali, Neeti Mohan, Jonita Gandhi and Haricharan Seshadri.
Riteish Deshmukh and Manish Paul will host IIFA Rocks.
Organised by Wizcraft International Entertainment, the excitement for the Bollywood event is already palpable in New York.
This is the second time that the IIFA extravaganza is taking place in the US. It was earlier held in Tampa Bay in 2014.
We can't wait to see them!
Galleries
Collection
For their fall couture lineup, Zuhair Murad looked to Imperial Russia, mining the period's textures and patterns, and a sprinkling of references to military suits. A dark palette served as a backdrop to elaborate embroideries; floral and arabesque motifs applied in bronze, gold and silver. The designer threw in a bright blue, which they used to make long dresses with flowing capes. Red served as a rich accent — woven into a floral pattern on a cape dress in black crepe in one case, and incorporated on a jacket paired with sarouel pants in another.
There was solid red, too, with an asymmetric dress covered in beads, the embroidery a Fabergé motif. For the rest of the color scheme, they turned to pale hues of green, gray and pale blue; ivory serving as a luxurious backdrop for gold beadwork.
But it wasn't all about the balls, tsarinas and Fabergé eggs. Murad widened their scope, adding weight through masculine elements borrowed from military uniforms.
“There is the something military but still sexy…this gives confidence and strength,” Murad said backstage.
Handsome, as well. A black velvet tailcoat carried bronze and red accents, the jacket cut extra short in front to reveal the midriff. There was also a short red romper outfit with silver and gold beadwork — both felt contemporary.
Playing with textures, Murad added lace as a contrast, including a long-sleeved dress with a plunging neckline and stripes of satin, velvet and lace skewed to the side.
5:04
Historic Marine Corps video footage to be preserved at The University of South Carolina
DUBAI, April 9 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy.
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Oil rises on Syria attack, dollar shrugs off weak jobs report
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Dubai Insurance rises on Q1 expectations, Gulf stocks mixed
* Oil rises after U.S. missile strike in Syria, weekly gain 3 pct
* PRECIOUS-Gold rises to five-month high, gains capped by strong dollar
* Middle East Crude-Steady ahead of more OSPs
* Air strike kills 18 in Syria's Idlib province-Observatory
* Russia warns of serious consequences from U.S. strike in Syria
* FULL TEXT-Trump statement on U.S. military strikes in Syria
* Iran's Rouhani wants chemical attack in Syria investigated
* BREAKINGVIEWS-Trump's Syria strikes don't justify crude worries
* UK's Johnson cancels Moscow visit after Syria gas attack
* Baghdad says U.S. pledges continued support for Iraq's war against IS
* State Dept memo shows unconstitutionality of Trump travel ban -ACLU
* Despite tough talk, Turkey caught between U.S. and Russia in Syria
* EXCLUSIVE-Situation in Syria constitutes international armed conflict - Red Cross
* Turkey's Erdoğan courts nationalists, Kurds alike with hard line on PKK
* RPT-India's oil imports from Iran top 500,000 bpd in 2016/17- trade
* MEDIA-Rosneft said to prepay about $1 billion for Kurdistan oil- Bloomberg
* "Fight to the death": snipers slow down Iraqi forces in Mosul's Old City
* National Oil Corp working for all Libyans - chairperson
* Air travel demand up in Feb, despite US travel restrictions
* INTERVIEW-Iraq minister calls for war against graft in commodities
* Somali pirates suspected of hijacking Tuvalu-flagged ship - security source
* Head of Islamic finance body IFSB to retire
EGYPT
* Egypt calls on US and Russia to contain the conflict in Syria
* Average yields on Egyptian six-month T-bills rise, one-year T-bill yields fall
* Yields on Egypt's seven-year bonds rise, while three-year bonds fall
* Egypt oil ministry delegation to visit Iraq soon to sign import deal -ambassador
* Egypt's MM Group IPO covered more than 19 times
* Egypt Oil Minister says talks to import Iraqi crude oil still ongoing
SAUDI ARABIA
* Saudi Arabia says fully supports U.S. military strikes in Syria
* BRIEF-Saudi's Dar Al Arkan closes fourth tranche of USD denominated Islamic Sukuk Program
* BRIEF-S&P affirms Saudi Arabia's ratings at 'A-/A-2' with a stable outlook
* BRIEF-India talking to Saudi's Aramco for big Indian refinery -minister
* Sovereign fund to invest in new Saudi entertainment city
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Dubai's P&O Ports wins $336 mln port concession in Somalia's Puntland
* Dubai exchange may launch gold contract for retail investors
* Dubai's DSI to talk with banks about existing debt, new facilities -CEO
* Greece asks investors to improve bids for Thessaloniki port sale
* Italy proposes layoff assistance for 1,300 Alitalia staff - union
QATAR
* Deutsche Bank's $8.5 bln cash call marks end of era for cuts
* TABLE-Qatar GDP growth slows in Q4 as oil and gas sector shrinks
* Qatar Airways CEO says laptop ban will send militants elsewhere
* Yield curve flattens in 1.25 bln riyal Qatar T-bill sale
* FIFA appeal panel lifts ban on Qatari official Al-Mohannadi
* QIA sells stake in Santander Brasil worth $737 mln
* TABLE-Qatar M2 money supply grows y/y for first time in 13 months
KUWAIT
* BUZZ-Kuwait says Shuaiba refinery closure will not lead to higher crude output
* Britain arrests wanted former head of Kuwait's social security fund
* BRIEF-Zain Kuwait appoints Emre Gurkan as CEO for Touch Lebanon
BAHRAIN
* Motor racing-Bahrain rights groups call for F1 race to be cancelled
* BRIEF-Aluminium Bahrain resumes operations after temporary power outage on April 5 (Reporting By Dubai Newsroom)
The public are being asked to do a good deed on St Andrew's Day to celebrate Scotland's history, culture and the nation's shared values.
The #BeLikeStAndrew campaign marks the start of Scotland's Winter Festivals – which opens with St Andrew's Day, followed by Hogmanay, and then Burns Night.
Charity partners Princes Trust Scotland, Chest, Heart & Stroke Scotland, Crisis Scotland, have joined the Scottish Rugby Union and Stoats to back the campaign.
Scotland's Winter Festivals will see dozens of events and activities taking place across the country highlighting the best of music, arts and entertainment.
Minister for International Development and Europe Alasdair Allan said: “Our patron saint, St Andrew, was known for being strong, sociable and fair, encouraging people to share what they had with those in need.
“Celebrating St Andrew's Day presents a powerful opportunity for people across Scotland to keep the spirit of St Andrew alive, by coming together and helping others within their community.”
Jane-Claire Judson, chief executive of Chest, Heart & Stroke Scotland, said: “Chest Heart & Stroke Scotland could not exist without the kindness and goodwill of the people in Scotland who donate their time, pre-loved possessions, and hard earned money to the charity.“
“It can mean the difference between a life saved yet stalled and a life lived to the fullest, helping people to shape their future and live the lives they want to lead.”
Helen Keenan, head of volunteers and secondments at Princes Trust Scotland, added: “As part of the campaign we are encouraging people to become e-mentors with The Princes Trust. It is a great way to show kindness and to help make Scotland a more inclusive society just like St Andrew might do if they were around today.”
ATLANTA (AP) — The search for two Georgia inmates sought in the killing of their guards during an escape from a prison bus went into its third day Thursday and the scope of the manhunt is expanding.
Authorities do not know whether Donnie Rowe and Ricky Dubose are still in Georgia or still traveling together, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills told reporters Wednesday.
“They've certainly had time to get out of the state,” Sills said.
Sills said the two inmates overpowered and killed Sgt. Christopher Monica and Sgt. Curtis Billue early Tuesday on a bus that should have been secured as it carried inmates between prisons. The pair then carjacked a driver who pulled up behind the bus, and fled in their Honda Civic down state Highway 16 in Putnam County, southeast of Atlanta.
Advertisement
Signs of the fugitives turned up hours later and 25 miles north, in Madison, where they ransacked a house, ditched their prison uniforms, and took food and likely clothes as well. Then they stole a pickup truck from a nearby industrial site sometime between 6 p.m. Tuesday and 6 a.m. Wednesday, Sills said.
That's where the trail goes cold.
The Honda was found Wednesday, intentionally concealed in a wooded area near the burglarized house, Sills said. Authorities are asking the public to keep an eye out for the stolen 2008 white Ford F250 pickup truck with the Georgia tag BCX-5372.
The FBI promised a “comprehensive update” on the investigation at a Thursday news conference with state and local law enforcement officials in Madison.
Meanwhile, Sills appealed for the public to help locate the truck and the fugitives, and to call 911 immediately if they spot them. They called them violent repeat offenders and extremely dangerous, having taken the guards' 9 mm pistols.
“They just murdered two corrections officers in a brutal fashion,” Sills said. “They're not concerned with anything regarding human life.”
Sills agreed with reporters that Dubose will have trouble hiding their prominent tattoos, which include crowns above their eyebrows, a star below their right ear and graffiti-style letters all across their neck. Sills said Dubose also has “ghost” tattooed on their right forefinger and “face” on their right pinky finger — signs of membership in the Ghost Face Gangsters.
Rowe, 43, has been serving life without parole since 2002, and Dubose, 24, began a 20-year sentence in 2015. Both were convicted of armed robbery and other violent crimes. They have been cellmates more than once in Georgia's prisons, had known each other for “quite a while” and may have planned the escape together, Department of Corrections Assistant Commissioner Ricky Myrick said.
The other 31 inmates have been questioned, and a camera on the bus recorded the guards being shot, but corrections officials have not explained to the public how the pair managed to get through the normally locked door of the inmate compartment to attack the guards.
“They were inside the caged area of the bus,” Sills said. “How they got through the locks and things up to that area I do not know.”
The sheriff said he's watched the bus video on a cellphone, and couldn't immediately tell which inmate fired the fatal shots.
Monica, 42, and Billue, 58, were both transfer sergeants at Baldwin State Prison. Monica had been with the Georgia Department of Corrections since October 2009 and Billue since July 2007.
“Officer Billue's family asks for prayers for all of those who are now placing their own lives at risk to bring these men to justice and asks anyone who has information that may assist in apprehending these perpetrators to please contact law enforcement,” Jim Green, an attorney who's speaking for the Billue family, said in an email Tuesday.
The reward for information leading to their arrest grew Wednesday to $115,000, contributed by multiple agencies, Sills said.
BERLIN (AP) — Instead of bombs there were beats. Guitars took over for guns. And there were cheers, not screams. But Aleppo was never far from the minds of the band Musiqana and the crowd at its record release concert in Berlin.
“I didn't know if I should cry or be happy,” said Samaa Hijazi, a 20-year-old medical student has been in Germany about five years but grew up in Syria. “I was thinking about the times my father sang these songs. I sang them together with my brother. And they are all still in Syria.”
Lead singer Abdallah Rahhal, 28, is an Aleppo native, and the band's music is the city's version of Arab Tarab, a traditional Arab music often referred to as “musical euphoria,” with emotional and poetic lyrics.
They've been working on the five-track, self-produced recording called “The Beautiful One” since forming as a band in January, but almost called off the release party, saying it didn't feel right to celebrate and dance while the humanitarian disaster in and around Aleppo continued.
Advertisement
But in the end, they decided it was better to go ahead with the performance on Dec. 18, bringing their Tarab songs, known to most in the Arab world, to a European audience.
“Every day there is tragedy, and every day we play music,” said guitar player Adel Sabawi, who is from Damascus. “We came here not to make the people happy but we have a message: it is true that we are displaced, but we have music, and we have traditional music, and we try to bring it here.”
The five band members are all recent arrivals, part of a wave of hundreds of thousands who have made their way to Germany over the past two years. They met at an event called “refugees in concert,” and have since played more than two dozen concerts as a band, the largest one with the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra in front of 1,500 people.
The record release concert drew a mix of Germans and Syrians to a 1920s venue that used to be a silent film cinema before becoming a vegetable warehouse in what was once East Berlin.
Many Germans had come to learn more about the Syrian culture of the migrants that are living next to them.
“I was simply curious,” said Heike Winter after the concert. “I wanted to get to know these people and their music. And I'm really happy that they brought their culture here.”
Rahhal said the last 12 months has provided the band the opportunity to “tell the German people about our culture. About our music. About how we make parties.”
They say they also hope interacting with their German hosts will help them see them and their bandmates as something other than refugees.
“Refugee, that's not my name. And it is not my work. I'm a singer. I'm a Syrian man,” they said. “But the problem is that my situation is that I'm a refugee. It is only the situation.”
The Report for Global Sentinel Node Biopsy Market by Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain a deeper insight of the market and industry performance.
A sentinel lymph node biopsy is a medical procedure, which involves identification, removal, and examination of the lymph node to verify the presence of cancer cells. Lymph nodes are a part of the lymphatic system which is found throughout the body and is connected to the lymph vessels. Breast cancer, melanoma, colon cancer, esophageal cancer, head and neck cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, stomach cancer, thyroid cancer are various indications for biopsy. The procedure helps the healthcare provider to determine the stage of cancer, its metastasis in order to plan a line of treatment for the patient.
Rising prevalence of various types of cancer such as breast cancer, melanoma, colon cancer and growing emphasis on women healthcare are the major drivers for the growth of the market. Additionally, increasing number of health problems women further fuel the market growth. Demand for diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer and the technologically advanced medical device is found to be increasing across the globe. Furthermore, increasing healthcare expenditure and overall growth of healthcare industry also influence the market growth. Extensive research in the field of reproductive health and diseases also boost the market. Increasing demand for new products and accessories with advent of technology in the healthcare industry also fuels the growth of the market across the globe. However, various factors restrained the market growth such as complications associated with the biopsy and unawareness among women. The global sentinel node biopsy market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.1% during the forecast period.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5582
Top Players in Sentinel Node Biopsy Market:
Some key the players in the market are Devicor Medical Products, Inc., part of Leica Biosystems. (Germany), C. R. Bard, Inc. (U.S.), INTRAMEDICAL IMAGING LLC (U.S.), Hilfe Engineering Corporation (India), Surgic Eye (Germany), KUB Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), Navidea Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.(U.S.) and others.
Market Segmentation of Sentinel Node Biopsy Market:
The global sentinel node biopsy market is segmented on the basis of product, indication, and end user. On the basis of the product, the market is segmented into breast localization wire, tissue marker, gamma probe, drainage catheter, and others. On the basis of the indication, the market is segmented into breast cancer, melanoma, colon cancer, esophageal cancer, and others. On the basis of the end user, the market is segmented into hospitals & clinics, diagnostic centers, and others.
Regional Analysis of Sentinel Node Biopsy Market:
The Americas dominate the global sentinel node biopsy market owing to the rising number of patients with cancer, raising awareness about biopsy as a cancer diagnostic tool, and increasing government support for research & development. According to a report published by the breast cancer information and awareness, in 2017, around 252,710 new cases of invasive breast cancer are expected to be diagnosed in women, along with 63,410 new cases of non-invasive breast cancer.
Europe acquires the second largest share of the global sentinel node biopsy market as result of increasing focus of various government agencies on the treatment of various chronic and fatal diseases. Moreover, the growing public awareness is also expected to boost the European market. Germany is the largest market, which is driven by an increasing focus on research.
In the Asia Pacific, the market growth is driven by rising healthcare expenditure in major economies, growing the government initiatives for research & development are projected to drive the market in China and India and high prevalence of chronic diseases. Key player focuses on the Asia Pacific as a region of great opportunities in the market.
The United Arab Emirates (UAE), Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait are a major market in the Middle East due to the exponential growth of healthcare diagnostic industry and the demand for specialty care services. Whereas, the African region is expected to witness a moderate growth due to limited exposure to advanced healthcare technology devices and unawareness about sentinel node biopsy.
Browse Complete Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/sentinel-node-biopsy…
Some of Major Table of Content for Sentinel Node Biopsy Market:
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
TOC Continued….!
Get Discount @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5582
About US:
Market Research Future (MRFR), enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Our February issue Cinematic Underground, “Amazing Stories,” previews the best indie and foreign-language films playing in Tokyo this month
The Belgian-French horror film Raw became notorious based on its extreme trailer. It focuses on a shy young woman who enters a large veterinary school. A long-time vegetarian, they are forced to eat meat in a hazing ritual, which sets them off and on a spiral, as they pursue fresher and fresher meat through brutal means. The horror is both existential and gory, and not for the faint of heart. Starts February 2 at Toho Cinemas Roppongi Hills.
The Polish film The Lure, which made something of a splash on the international arthouse circuit, cannot be put into a single genre. It is a coming-of-age tale, a musical and a romantic comedy, as well as a horror movie about man-eating mermaids. It is also a colorful, beautifully-filmed fantasy. From February 10 at Cinema Qualite.
Chilean director Sebastián Lelio, who presented an intimate portrait of a middle-aged woman with Gloria, turns out their latest character study, A Fantastic Woman. It tells the story of a transgender woman who loses their much older lover, but finds institutional prejudice makes it impossible to mourn and withdraws into a world of fantasy. Starts late February at Cine Switch in Ginza.
The Oscar-nominated animated French-Swiss production My Life as a Zucchini is unique not only in its style, but also in its mature approach to the lives of children. The clay figures in the stop-motion animation display varied emotions from despair to fleeting moments of joy. The story is about a boy nicknamed Courgette (“zucchini” in French) by their alcoholic mother. When they are no longer able to care for him, they are sent to an orphanage where they meet kids with even sadder tales to tell. Playing from February 10 at Yebisu Garden Cinema.
St Mary's College: 29
St Andrew's College: 18
Sean Farrell reports from Donnybrook
ST MARY'S BOOKED their place in the Leinster Schools Senior Cup second round draw with an impressive display of attacking talent that forced five tries against St Andrew's.
Andrew's more than held up their end of their bargain in a thrilling contest that had them well within touching distance until the death thanks in no small part to superb goal-kicking from out-half Aaron O'Neill.
During a frenzied opening where both teams beared their teeth, the Rathmines school were first to trust their pack to turn the screw with the maul. The power looked set to yield results, but the foot rose off the pedal too soon and Andrew's defence was able to force a turnover penalty from the back-line move.
From that base, Andrew's opened the scoring, scrum-half Daniel James ghosted around to blindside of a midfield ruck and chipped ahead down the touchline. Prop Jack O'Brien, already sporting a claret-tinged bandage from an early bloody nose, powered over in the right corner to make the pressure count.
Within three minutes though, Mary's were humming again. Scrum-half Adam McEvoy broke down the right flank and managed to pop the ball back for Hugo Conway to run in the levelling try.
Fullback Ruairi Shields converted to give their side the lead and they were soon lining up a second conversion after lovely hands from hooker Gavin O'Brien set wing Eoin Carey away to finish a fantastic 23rd minute move.
O'Neill, ably assisted by kicking tee delivery boy Jordan Larmour, kept the Booterstown men in touch with a superb angled 35 metre penalties. But the deficit grew again before the interval as Mary's ran a clever trick play that allowed Shields jink, change direction in an instant and superbly and power to the try-line. The only flaw, the converting kick which they cracked off the post.
With the score reading 17 – 8 entering the second half, Sean Bourke initially settled in to a confident rhythm, managing Mary's game with smart passes and timely kicks in behind. Unfortunately for him, one pass went badly astray and laid the platform for Andrew's to push their way back in the game. Thanks to terrific work from the excellent Stephen Keane and Maqhawe Siqcau, James was able to dummy and sneak in for their side's second try.
That was Keane's final involvement at full capacity though. The big eight attempted to carry a lame ankle through the aftermath of the score, but departed with their team under the posts after Ian Wickham stormed in for a fourth Mary's try to make the gap seven points again.
Yet still Andrew's showed no sign of waning resolve, O'Neill smashed over a terrific penalty to make it a four-point game and, with 15 minutes to play, fullback Reece Jordan brought the ground to its feet with a dazzling run from their own half and out of contact that Larmour, from their vantage point on the sideline, would have been proud of.
The solid blue line of Mary's – often easily confused with the chequered blue and white jersey of Andrew's – held firm in that defensive set, and as bodies cramped up approaching the end up an absorbing high-tempo contest, it was the D6 school who had the territory and pack to close it out with one last score from Gavin O'Brien.
Scorers
St Mary's College:
Tries: H Conway, E Carey, R Shields, I Wickham, G O'Brien
Conversions: S Shields (2/5)
Penalties: R Shields (0/1)
St Andrew's College:
Tries: J O'Brien, D James
Conversions: A O'Neill (1/2)
Penalties: A O'Neill (2/2)
St Mary's College: Ruairi Shields, Hugo Conway, Ben McDonnell, Timothy MacMahon, Eoin Carey, Sean Bourke, Adam McEvoy (Eoin Franklin '52): Sean O'Reilly, Gavin O'Brien, Conor McElearney; Sean Heeran, Ian Wickham, Joe Nolan (Oscar Byrne '52), Harry McSweeney (Capt.) Niall Hurley (Jack Grant '60).
Replacement not used: Craig Walsh, Elliot Massey, Eoin Byrne, Peter Masterson, MIchael McEvoy.
St Andrew's College: Reece Jordan, Nathan Murphy, Zane McClatchie-Ombina, Patrick Perrem, Luke Hoade (Alexander Wallace '69), Aaron O'Neill, Daniel James: James Boag, Maqhawe Siqcau, Jack O'Brien (John Hewson '55) , Ben Crowley, Andrew Sullivan (Capt.); Sam Gleeson, Rory Simington, Stephen Keane (Charlie Turner '48).
Replacements not used: Matthew Jordan, Joshua Kuh Hogan, Robert Halpenny, Harry Kirk, Nicholas Owens
Referee: Cillian Hogan
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Malawi Communications Regulatory Authority (MACRA) paid for Chief Secretary to Government Lloyd Muhara's K64.1 million office refurbishment and furniture, Nyasa Times can reveal. Documents seen by Nyasa Times indicate EQWIP Interior Works, owned by Edwin…
The post Macra paid K64m for Muhara's office furniture as CSOs demand Malawi govt Chief Secretary to resign appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
HIGHLIGHTS Partnership must have the majority of donations by July 1
Iconic Main Street theater was destroyed in a December blaze
A nonprofit is seeking to raise $7 million to purchase the Sag Harbor Cinema and restore the iconic theater that was destroyed in a December fire.
The Sag Harbor Partnership signed a contract on April 6 to buy the property from longtime owner Gerald Mallow, said April Gornik, the partnership's vice president. But for the deal to go through, the contract's terms stipulate the nonprofit must have the majority of the $8 million asking price in pledged donations by July 1. One donor has already pledged $1 million.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“It couldn't be more significant,” Gornik, a Sag Harbor resident and artist, said Sunday of the theater. “The Sag Harbor sign on the cinema was a beacon and an anchor and a kind of hearth fire for the heart of the village.”
A fire on Dec. 16 ripped through part of Main Street, damaging the cinema and four other buildings. The front of the theater was torn down, leaving a hole in the middle of the village's busiest blocks. Only one of the damaged businesses — clothing shop Henry Lehr — has reopened. The rest are still charred and boarded up.
Gornik said the nonprofit will need to raise an additional $4 or $5 million to restore and renovate the Art Deco-style theater. Construction would not begin until next year.
CAMDEN, Ark. – Family members say thousands of people watched as Keiana Herndon took their last breath.
Richard Herndon says their 25-year-old daughter was live streaming to Facebook from a friend's home in Arkansas on Wednesday.
According to KARK, the video began with Keiana singing and putting their two youngest children in the spotlight.
A few minutes later, they fell and the phone dropped out of their hand.
Keiana's uncle, Jeffrey Herndon, watched the video after their death.
“It was really hard,” they told KARK.
They say they could hear Keiana struggle to breathe and their son screaming in the background.
A friend showed up at the home nearly 30 minutes after they collapsed.
“It's amazing for someone to sit there and see somebody or hear them take their last breath and nobody did anything,” Richard Herndon said. “So, I want to take my hat off to everybody that actually did something.”
Family members say they recently learned an issue with their thyroid could be life-threatening, but the medical examiner will determine their exact cause of death.
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1. Duke (11-1) did not play. Next: vs. Evansville, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
2. Kansas (7-2) lost to No. 16 Arizona State 95-85. Next: at Nebraska, Saturday.
3. Michigan State (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Oakland, Saturday.
4. Villanova (10-0) beat La Salle 77-68. Next: at Temple, Wednesday.
5. Florida (6-3) did not play. Next: vs. Clemson, Saturday.
6. Wichita State (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Oklahoma, Saturday.
7. Texas A&M (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Savannah State, Wednesday.
8. Kentucky (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Virginia Tech, Saturday.
9. Notre Dame (8-2) did not play. Next: vs. Indiana, Saturday.
10. Miami (8-0) did not play. Next: at George Washington, Saturday.
11. North Carolina (9-1) did not play. Next: at No. 24 Tennessee, Sunday.
12. Gonzaga (8-2) beat Washington 97-70. Next: vs. North Dakota, Saturday.
13. Xavier (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. ETSU, Saturday.
14. Minnesota (8-3) did not play. Next: vs. Drake, Monday.
15. Virginia (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Davidson, Saturday.
16. Arizona State (9-0) beat No. 2 Kansas 95-85. Next: vs. Vanderbilt, Sunday.
17. Cincinnati (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Mississippi State, Tuesday.
18. West Virginia (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Coppin State, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
19. Seton Hall (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. Saint Peter's, Tuesday.
20. TCU (10-0) did not play. Next: vs. Texas Southern, Monday, Dec. 18.
21. Purdue (10-2) beat IUPUI 86-61. Next: vs. Butler, Saturday.
22. Nevada (8-2) did not play. Next: vs. Radford, Sunday.
23. Baylor (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Texas Southern, Thursday.
24. Tennessee (7-1) did not play. Next: vs. No. 11 North Carolina, Sunday.
25. Southern Cal (4-3) did not play. Next: vs. Santa Clara, Thursday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it's that time to celebrate with friends and family. Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city.
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa. Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where they are holding court, you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area.
A A
Clark County — Reserving a picnic shelter in a Clark County park is about to get more expensive.
Starting March 1, the fee to reserve a sheltered picnic area will increase by $25 at most picnic shelters at five regional parks: Capt. William Clark, Frenchman's Bar, Lewisville, Salmon Creek/Klineline Pond and Vancouver Lake.
Under the new fee structure, reserving a shelter will range from $50 to $150 depending on the size of the shelter, according to a county news release.
Beginning March 1, Clark County will also begin accepting reservations for eight picnic shelters at six community parks: Fairgrounds, Felida, Hazel Dell, Hockinson Meadows, Orchards and Pacific.
Picnic shelters can be reserved up to 365 days in advance for events taking place May 1 through Sept. 30. Reservations must be made at least seven days in advance. Picnic shelters not reserved will remain available for free on a first-come, first-served basis. All shelters are available on a first-come, first-served basis at no charge from Oct. 1 through April 30.
The fee increase was part of the county's 2017-2018 budget and is meant to cover the costs of maintaining the parks.
For more information or to book a reservation visit, www.clark.wa.gov/public-works/picnic-shelters
North Hempstead Town is moving forward with plans to redevelop a vacant property that once housed a blighted New Cassel school, which was demolished four years ago.
The town board voted unanimously 7-0 at an April 17 meeting to more than halve building permit fees to pave the way for the town Housing Authority's proposed plans to build affordable housing units for seniors age 55 and older.
This is a key step in the Housing Authority's redevelopment process, which hinges on a land swap with North Hempstead Town. In exchange for the former Grand Street School property, the Housing Authority will grant an easement to the town on a nearby property, which will become parking for the town's community center in New Cassel.
The town board will likely vote on the land swap at its May 8 meeting, said town spokesperson Rebecca Cheng.
Town officials said that plans for the affordable housing development were not yet available. The Grand Street School, which was built in 1926, once served as an elementary school, and then as a day care and community center before sitting vacant for decades and then being torn down in 2014. The demolition cost about $700,000, according to a town news release.
Town Supervisor Judi Bosworth previously said that while the demolition was bittersweet, the school had become an “unsightly and dangerous structure in the community.”
The vacant school had previously been categorized as a brownfield site, which is a property that may contain hazardous substances, pollutants or contaminants. In 2013, the Environmental Protection Agency granted the town $200,000 to remediate the contaminated school.
The town first acquired the title to the school in 1978, before eventually transferring it to a nonprofit foundation. The town then reacquired the property in 2012.
How SA compares in security preparedness?
In a study by Forrester Consulting on behalf of Fortinet in 2017, over 400 global decision-makers across a wide variety of industries, responsible for the security of their organisation's critical infrastructure, were asked about the security risks they are facing and how prepared they are to mitigate these risks.
The survey was aimed at discovering how these companies' decision-makers view their progress in their security transformation in concurrence with digital transformation. Questions were also aimed at respondents' governance and procedures around security, and qualifications and skills to manage threats.
According to Paul Williams, Fortinet SA country manager, the results showed that South Africa's marketplace and maturity value, in terms of cybersecurity and other security threats as well as preparedness, is on par with the rest of the world.
The survey results, however, also showed that South Africa is lagging in its response time to security breaches.
According to Williams, the lagging response rate to security breaches is the result of a skills shortage in the country.
Despite being on par with new technology to monitor, detect, and mitigate these risks, there is a limited number of people in South Africa with the specific and necessary skill set.
Some of the most concerning threats for South African businesses include malware attacks, ransomware attacks, botnet attacks, as well as cybersecurity hacks across the board, whether it is for identification documentation, other personal information, corporate espionage, or politically orientated.
According to Williams, intelligent ransomware and malware attacks have also been surfacing as new technology now allows them to do so.
“In 2018, another global occurrence we've seen is an increase in attacks on the Sandbox. Attackers block and attack the solution-set where they are trying to manipulate the Sandbox,” says Williams.
The business impact of a security breach can either be minor, or it can be crippling – all depends on the type of breach and how it occurred, they add, making training and upskilling critical.
Perth biotech Holista Colltech has clarified a claim that suggested it had produced the world's first low-GI sugar.
The publicly listed company, which has offices locally and in Kuala Lumpur, has acknowledged that “there are other low-GI sugars already available for consumption on the market, such as CSR's LoGiCane”.
Holista's shares took off last year when it announced plans to file a patent for its sugar.
The clarification came after a complaint from The Product Makers, which manufacturers what it says is the world's first low-GI sugar, through CSR.
Holista apologised to its producers for any misinterpretation of its promotional statements.
“Holista intended only to convey that, in addition to its low-GI sugar being able to substitute for a number of different sugars found in nature and be melted, baked and caramelised for use in all cooking applications, Holista's low-GI sugar seeks to provide a low-GI substitute for processed white cane sugar with all natural ingredients, and should mimic processed white cane sugar in look, taste and mouth feel,” Holista said in a statement.
Shares in Holista, which peaked at 13¢, were trading at 8.3¢ this morning.
Muttahida Qaumi Movement-London (MQM-L) leader Amjadullah Khan on Monday approached the administrative judge of anti-terrorism courts seeking B-class facilities in jail.
Amjadullah, who is behind the bars in cases pertaining to inciting people for anti-state activities and taking extortion, requested the judge to order the prison authorities to provide them B-class facilities in jail. While issuing notice to the prosecutor general, the judge put off the matter till Tuesday (today).
Amjadullah along with Dr Hasan Zafar Arif was re-arrested shortly after their detention under Maintenance of Public Order (MPO). Azizabad police had booked MQM founder Altaf Hussain, Farooq Sattar, Professor Hasan, Amjadullah and others for allegedly asking their workers to act against the state and demand extortion from business people. According to FIR, the party leaders provoked their workers against ex DG Rangers Sindh and other officers of the law enforcement agencies who were leading Karachi operation.
Qamar Mansoor, Ameen-ul-Huq, Izhar Ahmed Khan, Sathi Ishaq, Mehfooz Yar Khan, Shahid Pasha and other leaders were also nominated as absconders in the FIR.
Witnesses tell KFBB a 7-year-old girl was hit and killed by a car Wednesday August 9th. The young girl has been identified as Isabella Stone.
Events leading to the accident are still unclear, but neighbors near the incident say it happened around 6:00 P.M. Isabella was hit at the corner of Avenue C NW and Valley View Drive, on the Northwest side of Great Falls.
Isabella died of their injuries in the emergency room.
The incident is still under investigation but as of right now, police do not believe the incident stems from any criminal action or activity.
The Great Falls police department would like to extend their gratitude to the community for the outpouring of support and prayer for the family of the child and emergency responders.
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Trump says of VA nominee Ronny Jackson it's 'totally their decision' whether to drop out.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Artemi Panarin didn't need to score a goal to have a big impact in their first game for the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Acquired in an off-season trade with the Chicago Blackhawks and touted as the elite scorer Columbus needs, Panarin had three assists and passed sharply in the Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
"We're really excited with what they bring in the full package," Columbus coach John Tortorella said. "There's a hell of a lot more to them than just the skill."
Rookies Sonny Milano and Pierre-Luc Dubois had their first NHL goals, Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves for their 20th career shutout.
With all of the offensive opportunities, it could have been worse for New York.
Milano scored on Columbus' first shot of the season — 1:07 in. Oliver Bjorkstrand shovelled the puck out from the back wall to the 21-year-old Milano, who snapped a 10-footer past goalie Thomas Greiss.
"I think it was like a 10-second shift," Milano said. "I just got out there and the puck landed on my stick and I put it in, so it was pretty cool."
Midway through the first period, Panarin circled in and teed up a pass that grazed Greiss' stick and went into the net off Atkinson's skat e. The whole sequence came about after Atkinson picked off a pass in the neutral zone and fed Panarin for the rush.
Murray scored from the left circle 6:57 into the second period after getting a pass from Panarin, who carried the puck around the back of the net. Later in the period on a power play, Werenski jumped on a sharp rebound and slammed it past Greiss from about 60 feet.
The 19-year-old Dubois — the third overall pick in 2016 — got their first NHL goal , a wrister from the slot 1:25 later to make it 5-0.
The most significant human rights issues included alleged unlawful killings of suspected gang members and others by security forces; forced disappearances by military personnel, which the government prosecuted; torture by security forces; harsh and life-threatening prison conditions; arbitrary arrest and detention; lack of government respect for judicial impartiality and independence; widespread government corruption; gang-member violence against women and girls as well as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex individuals; and children engaged in the worst forms of child labor.
Impunity persisted despite government steps to dismiss and prosecute some officials in the security forces, the executive branch, and the justice system who committed abuses.
The US State Department released its annual human rights reports for the countries of the world this week. The 2017 report for El Salvador can be found here The Executive Summary of the report summarizes once again the significant challenges the country faces with respect to human rights:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If your idea of the perfect romantic Valentine's Day is snuggling up in front of a real fire with the love of your life as it snows outside then 2018 could be time to plan some hygge according to forecasters.
The weather is predicted to be turning decidedly chilly this week, bringing a possibility of a spattering of the white stuff from Scandinavia just in time for the big day.
Snow is a possibility on the evening of both February 13 and February 14 and although you are unlikely to get snowed in, it could add some movie-style romantic frosting to the usual hearts and flowers.
So whether you want to dig out the cosy candles and snugly throws to recreate scenes from romcoms such as The Holiday or Bridget Jones diary or go out for a posh meal, there could be plenty of excuses to cuddle up on February 14.
But you might have to use your imagination a little because the snow is not expected at the same levels we experienced at the start of December and between Christmas and New Year when Gloucestershire was turned into a winter wonderland.
Playful snowball fights and long walks in the white stuff are probably more dreams than reality, but some Scandinavian hygge might be the order of the day.
According to the Weather Channel: “Some forecast models are indicating an extreme spell of colder weather by the end of the week.
And forecaster Dr Claire Kennedy-Edwards, of The Weather Channel, said: “It will turn much colder as the UK becomes influenced by higher pressure from Scandinavia.”
Forecasters are saying we could have a romantic covering of snow on a few days next week and the week after.
Anybody hopes for a snow day to relieve those New Year blues might be pushing their luck because most of the snow over the next fortnight is going to be snow showers, mixed with rain.
But as temperatures plunge, there are a number of days when snow is forecast by the Weather Channel as we approach the middle of the month.
Forecasts change, especially when they are looking days ahead, but here are the days we can expect to see snow later this month.
This weekend:
Saturday, February 3: Possibility of snow to mix in with rain.
Sunday, February 4 should be mostly cloudy.
The coming week, Monday, February 5 to Sunday, February 11 is mainly going to be cloudy with sunny spells, but it will feel cold.
Overnight temperatures could fall to -4C during the early hours midweek.
And there could be snow showers on Thursday, February 8 .
It is the following week, around Valentine's Day, that there could be more regular flurries of snow.
Monday, February 12 : A mix of rain and snow showers during the night
Tuesday, February 13 : A mix of rain and snow showers during the night
Wednesday, February 14: Snow showers overnight
Thursday, February 15: Rain and snow showers in morning, snow showers in the night
Friday, February 16: A mix of rain and snow showers
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United's resurgence under Joe Dunne has come too late to influence outcome of the current campaign - but bodes well as thoughts begin to turn to next season.
The arrival of spring sunshine has been matched by the return of optimism and entertainment to the Abbey Stadium, with wins over Stevenage and Cheltenham giving fans plenty to be happy about.
United have largely underperformed at Stevenage over the years, but all that changed when Barry Corr came off the bench in true 'Roy of the Rovers ' style to strike twice in front of the travelling Amber Army, with the U's completing a rare double over the Hertfordshire side.
Saturday's return to the Abbey for the visit of Cheltenham saw the attendance dip below 4,000 for the first time in a while, with some fans expecting the most meaningless of dead rubbers - how wrong they were!
Ahead of the game, there was many a heated conversation about Uche Ikpeazu's contentious move north of the border and a general consensus that the big man, loved though they clearly have been, will not wear a United shirt again.
When United found themselves a goal behind after just three minutes, it seemed as if their minds, if not their bodies, were already on the beach, but when they went 2-1 down with less than a quarter of an hour played, it looked as if a goal-fest might be on the cards.
Both sides, it seemed, had only attack in mind and the game turned into a real ding-dong battle that neither the worst penalty kick seen at the Abbey for many a year, nor an abject refereeing performance, could dampen.
The U's attacked with purpose and aggression after the interval, with George Maris continuing to stake a claim for player of the season with their fourth goal in five games and Jevani Brown proving a handful for the visitors' defence.
Even when United were pegged back at 3-3, it felt as if there would be a further twist. There was - and nobody would have been surprised that Corr was the man to produce it, with the seventh goal of a breathtaking, action-packed afternoon.
It was all a far cry from the wretched wars of attrition endured under Shaun Derry's flight attendantship. Quite apart from the eight goalless draws, the first two thirds of the season gave United fans precious little to enjoy or remember.
The final third has been a different story altogether. Yes, United do need to tighten up at the back and it is sometimes frustrating to see the diamond preferred to a wider formation, but this team is progressing.
Next stop on the journey is a Tuesday night visit to Morecambe after the controversial Easter Monday washout, with a Saturday trip to Newport to follow.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Kansas City Chiefs will be without centre Mitch Morse and right guard Laurent Duvernay-Tardif when they face J.J. Watt and the Houston Texans' defensive front Sunday night.
Morse remains sidelined after spraining their foot last month against Philadelphia, while Duvernay-Tardif was ruled out Friday after spraining their left knee last Monday night against Washington.
Zach Fulton is expected to start again at centre, but coach Andy Reid did not indicate who would start at guard. Jordan Devey got the spot duty when Duvernay-Tardif went down last week, but Cam Erving and Parker Ehinger could factor into the mix against the Texans.
Erving, former first-round pick, hasn't played since arriving in a preseason trade with Cleveland, while Ehinger hasn't played since tearing a knee ligament with the Chiefs last season.
While a state income tax deduction for charitable giving has long been a good idea for New Jersey, last year's changes in federal tax laws make it all the more urgent. The timing is also right, given trends within New Jersey. Whereas our state has a long and rich history of philanthropic giving, new data shows New Jersey falling to last place among wealthy states for giving.
It is, therefore, heartening to see Sen. Tom Kean re-introduce legislation this month creating a state charitable deduction, as many states already have. Legislators from both parties should consider this proposal, which would provide a needed boost to New Jersey's charitable sector, the nonprofit organizations that make our state a better place, and the countless New Jerseyans who rely on their services.
We otherwise face serious headwinds. Federal tax reform nearly doubles the standard deduction for single filers and married couples, meaning that far fewer taxpayers will itemize their deductions going forward. If they are not itemizing, they are less incentivized — from a tax-planning purpose — to give to charity.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
DALLAS — If you thought the flu epidemic was gonna go away anytime soon, think again!
It seems like all it takes is one little cough or sneeze to put you on red alert and people will do whatever it takes not to catch the darn virus!
Sorry folks, there doesn't seem to be an end in sight. In fact, this flu season has seen the highest number of hospitalizations in 8 years and is one of the worst America has ever seen.
The CDC released the new numbers: 16 more children have died from the flu, which brings the total number up to 53. In Dallas County alone, there have been 52 flu-related deaths from people of all ages.
But, there is good news! The total number of states with widespread flu activity dropped from 49 to 48, thanks to Oregon who's no longer on the list!
Health professionals want to see that number keep going down and urge people that it's never too late to get the flu shot and be diligent about prevention.
“We need to take personal responsibility. Wash our hands with soap and water, avoid touching eyes, nose, and mouth, get that flu vaccine so that we can protect ourselves and others,” Dr. C.J. Perkins, from Dallas County Health and Human Services said.
Listen to the pros people! It's about time we all nip this bad boy flu in the bud.
A business owner in Corsica has been accused of shooting a woman with a pellet gun as they chased a group of nudists off a beach.
The woman, an Italian in their thirties, was with a group of friends, all of whom were nude during their visit to the beach in southern Corsica.
According to local media reports, the owner of a local beach bar had told the group to "get dressed or leave".
They then got their rifle and allegedly fired several shots at the group, hitting the woman and leaving them slightly injured on their left buttock.
The incident took place at around 2pm on Wednesday, August 9th and was first reported by France 3 Corsica the following day.
The remote beach of Carataggio is not officially a nudist beach, but according to local media reports and comments left on travel review site TripAdvisor, it is located close to a naturist beach and nudity is common. According to French beach website Plages, the majority of visitors to the beach are naturists.
Ten complaints were filed over the incident and local prosecutors opened an investigation, Corse Matin reported. However there was not enough evidence to keep the man in police custody.
READ ALSO: Nudity on French beaches: The dos and don'ts
Paphos' mission as European Capital of Culture is to send out the message that the values of humanism and culture must prevail in Europe and the Middle East, mayor Phedonas Phedonos said on Monday.
On Monday, Paphos, along with the Danish town of Aarhus, became the European Capitals of Culture for 2017.
Pafos 2017's mission “is to send the message to all European countries and in the Middle East, which in recent years is suffering from wars, conflicts and a serious humanitarian crisis, that the values of humanism and culture should prevail,” Phedonos said.
The cultural programme will officially begin on January 21 in Aarhus, while the opening ceremony for Pafos 2017 will take place on January 28 and will be attended by EU Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Management Christos Stylianides, and President Nicos Anastasiades.
“The title of European Capital of Culture is a unique opportunity to bring communities together through culture and to foster strong local, European and international partnerships for the future. I wish Aarhus and Paphos every success for the coming year,” said the EU commissioner for education and culture, Tibor Navracsics.
They added that both cities have come up with programmes “which showcase centuries of culture while using different art forms to address the socio-economic problems facing Europe today”.
‘Linking Continents, Bridging Cultures' is the common thread running through hundreds of events organised by Pafos 2017, a European Commission announcement said. “The first Cypriot city to host a European Capital of Culture embraces its experiences of multiculturalism and its geographical proximity to the Middle East and North Africa to strengthen relations between countries and cultures.”
The opening ceremony for Pafos 2017, which is inspired by one of the themes for the year's cultural programme ‘Myth and Religion', was designed by a team of Cypriot artists in cooperation with the group Walk the Plank. It aims to illustrate the history, multiculturalism and contemporary culture of Paphos as an integral part of the broader European civilisation.
The event is inspired by the legend of Paphos which centred on the myth of Pygmalion and Galatea. Pygmalion was a mythical king of Cyprus and a sculptor. They carved an exquisite statue, Galatea, with whom they fell in love and when they kissed them they came to life. According to the legend, they had a child after their union was blessed by Aphrodite. They named the child Paphos, and the city where the mythical couple is said to have lived is named after the couple's offspring.
Hundreds of professionals from around the island, organised groups, volunteers, students and young children will take part. As part of the programme, Greek Cypriot and Turkish musicians and singers will join in as well as a jazz orchestra from Aarhus.
The opening ceremony will also include a spectacle of lights and sound, while Greek singer Alkistis Protopsalti and other artists will have a central role in the ceremony.
“New life will be given to the myth of Pygmalion and Galatea and other narratives from the history of Pafos in a unique spectacle of music and dance,” the commission said. During the opening weekend on January28-29, the city will be converted into an Open Air Factory with numerous shows and artistic performances.
It added that Paphos is set to become an immense open stage “where a tradition of thousands of years of cultural life in open spaces meets contemporary ways of creating, thinking and living”.
Aarhus 2017 will launch its cultural programme with children at the heart of the celebrations. Hundreds of children from the central Denmark region will gather in Aarhus to imagine the future in a series of events entitled ‘Land of Wishes'. “As night falls during the opening ceremony on January 21, a spectacular show filled with pageantry, Viking spirits and gods in the sky will mark the start of the city's year as European Capital of Culture,” the commission said.
Steve Anderson from the National Weather Service wondered if it was a top-secret satellite launch. "That's our best guess," they told SFGate. A nearby base at Vanderberg could have been the likely source, Anderson noted. But officials from the Vanderberg Air Force base rejected the notion. "We really don't do anything top secret,” Sgt. Shane Phipps of the Air Force said. "If we didn't tell people, everyone would be like, 'What's going on?'"
— NWS Bay Area (@NWSBayArea) February 14, 2017
​The curiosities have been laid to rest.
"This morning, there were two missiles launched," the Navy said. "Navy Strategic Systems Programs conducted scheduled Trident II missile test flights at sea from an Ohio Class SSBN" off the coast of California, the service noted.
One of the D5 missiles that was launched by a submarine near San Francisco has a range of 4,000 miles, according to local media outlets.
— David Torre (@davidtorrenews) February 14, 2017
​The missiles never flew over land, spokesperson John Daniels said. "All missiles are tracked from multiple sources from launch until final impact in the ocean," Daniels continued, adding, "the missiles were not armed."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A murderer, a rapist, a people trafficker and a pole dancer involved in a sick suicide pact are among the criminals jailed in our courts in January.
Today the News takes you through some of the most horrendous cases brought before the courts in an effort to carry out the role of the media that 'justice is seen to be done'.
Rapist Jacob Heranwa
This monster raped a young girl they should have been looking after three times.
Heranwa showed no remorse for their crimes and has now been jailed for 17 years.
The 49-year-old, of Bernard Close, Huntingdon abused their position of trust by raping the youngster and was found guilty following a four-day trial at Peterborough Crown Court.
They were sentenced on January 18 to 17 years on each count, to run concurrently, and was told they would serve an eight-year extended license on release.
Heranwa received an indefinite restraining order preventing contact with the victim and their family and was also made the subject of an indefinite sexual harm prevention order.
People traffickers Stephen Gardner and Saleh Khaled Farhan
Gardner, from Beccles in Suffolk, used their international horse transportation business as a guise for their illegal smuggling and a group of migrants is shoved into a cramped and squalid horsebox to be smuggled into the UK.
The 31-year-old was paid €4,000 to stow three people in the horsebox, which was also carrying four horses at the time, between France and the UK in May 2016.
The people smuggling had been organised by Saleh Khaled Farhan, 44, from Blackburn.
Farhan organised for Gardner to collect the men in Calais and then take them to the Elstree in Hertfordshire before they were collected and moved to a 'safe house' in Wembley, North London.
The smuggling ring was discovered by the National Crime Agency who found Farhan had been in contact with Gardener and one of the migrants during the trip.
Gardner's phone was seized and showed texts to their girlfriend where they admitted being paid around €4,000 to smuggle three migrants on May 21, 2016.
Both men pleaded guilty to conspiracy to facilitate illegal immigration and were jailed on January 19 at Birmingham Crown Court.
Farhan was sentenced to three years and seven months while Gardner will serve a three year jail term.
Former pole dancer Natasha Gordon
A former pole dancer who entered into a suicide pact with a mail carrier and left them to die was jailed for four years.
Natasha Gordon of Paston Ridings, Peterborough, backed out of the agreement with 31-year-old Matthew Birkinshaw on December 17, 2015, by getting out of their car before they killed himself.
The ex-model was described during their trial as an "enthusiastic advocate" of suicide.
Royal Mail employee Mr Birkinshaw, of Walsall, West Midlands, was pronounced dead at 7.24pm, just after they were found in their Fiat Punto at Rutland Water in Oakham, Rutland.
Gordon, denied having any impact on Mr Birkinshaw's decision to take their own life, but was convicted by a jury at Leicester Crown Court in December.
Michael Brown
A nurse was jailed for four years after admitting watching a child being raped in an online chatroom.
Michael Brown, 49, of St Neots, pleaded guilty to three charges of intentionally encouraging or assisting the showing of indecent images of children.
Brown, who was working at Hinchingbrooke Hospital at the time of their arrest, logged in to view a rape being streamed from Pennsylvania in the US in July 2015.
Officers from the National Crime Agency (NCA) identified Brown as the man behind usernames perv and pervnpoppers during an investigation into the broadcast.
(Image: National Crime Agency)
Brown was sentenced to four years at Cambridge Crown Court on January 19.
They will also be subject to an indefinite sexual harm prevention order and has been placed on the sex offenders register.
Christopher Mervin Tucker
This paedophile who raped a teenage girl will spend more time behind bars after judges ruled their sentence was "unduly lenient".
Tucker, 71, of Bascraft Way, Godmanchester, previously admitted twice raping their victim, who was under 13 at the time of the first attack.
The horrific abuse took place between 2003 and 2016 and only came to light in October 2016 when the girl approached police.
Tucker - who is illiterate and has a mental age of an 11-year-old - was sentenced to 11 years in jail in November 2017.
In a review of the case at the Court of Appeal in London on January 16, Judge Sir Brian Leveson extended their "unduly lenient" term to 16 years.
The judge said that was the very least that Tucker deserved for their attacks on the girl.
Abdul Korim Ali
This killer showed “not an ounce of remorse” for murdering their childhood friend.
On January 12 Abdul K Ali was jailed for life.
Already a convicted drug dealer, they were found guilty of the murder of James Cromwell, who they stabbed in the heart in Stretten Avenue in the Arbury area of the city on June 30, 2017.
The life-long pals grew up together, attending the same schools and mixing with the same friends, but became caught up in gangs and drugs.
Cambridge Crown Court heard how K Ali stabbed Mr Cromwell in an argument over drugs.
Sentencing them to life in prison - and a minimum of 23 years behind bars - Judge David Farrell branded K Ali a "hypocrite" for leaving flowers at the scene where they had stabbed the young dad.
K Ali was also handed an eight month sentence, to serve concurrently, for using a mobile phone while in prison.
Their 24-year-old brother Abdul Salam Ali was not involved in the killing, but was sentenced to three years in prison for intimidating a witness.
Tommy Wall
Wall has been jailed for failing to get treatment for their dog's fractured leg.
The 57-year-old, of Pine Lane, Smithy Fen, Cottenham appeared at Huntingdon Magistrates' Court and was found guilty of causing unnecessary suffering to their dog, Patch.
The court heard they had failed to ensure the dog received appropriate veterinary care for a fractured leg between the period of May 2 and 10 last year.
They were given an 18-week custodial sentence, disqualified from keeping all animals for five years and ordered to pay £500 costs.
Patch's leg was amputated. In their defence Wall said the reason they had not taken their dog back for treatment was because they believed it would mean Patch being put to sleep, and they did not want that.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
The Ithaca College women's lacrosse team defeated Nazareth College 18–8 April 15. The Bombers are now 11–2 on the season with a 6–0 record in conference play.
Sophomore attacker Allie Panara had a game-high of eight points, scoring three goals and adding five assists. Graduate student attacker Ally Runyon had seven points, scoring three goals and had four assists.
Within the first opening minutes, the Golden Flyers got on top scoring two goals. After that, the Bombers scored five straight goals to take the lead and kept that lead for the remainder of the game.
The Golden Flyers wouldn't give up that easily as they caught up to the Bombers, scoring three goals before the end of the half. However, the Blue and Gold came back, scoring three more goals to cap their lead to 9–5 by the end of the first half.
In the second half, the South Hill squad outscored the Golden Flyers 9–3. The Bombers went on a five-point run to take the lead over the Golden Flyers 14–6. The Blue and Gold capitalized on four more points later in the half to defeat Nazareth 18–8.
The Bombers next game will be at 5 p.m. April 19 at Higgins Stadium when they take on Hamilton College.
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources.
The South Korean firm said in October it was examining all aspects of the phone, suggesting there may be a combination of factors that contributed to one of the costliest product safety failures in tech history.
The world's top smartphone maker warned of a $5.1 billion hit to its operating profit over three-quarters following its decision to permanently halt Galaxy Note 7 sales in October.
Investors and analysts have said it is critical for Samsung to identify the root cause of the fires in order to rebuild consumer trust and avoid repeating the same mistakes.
As college football fans dive into the joys of spring practice, it's time to look at another way-too-early top 25 poll.
This post-signing day ranking comes courtesy of Bill Bender at Sporting News.
So, how many programs from Texas made the cut?
According to Bender, the answer is three: TCU, Texas and Texas A&M. Although, not a single one cracked the top 15.
The Horned Frogs slide in at No .18. The Longhorns sit at No. 23 while the Aggies squeak in at No. 25.
TCU's status is not all that surprising considering the amount of stability the program has shown under Gary Patterson's 17-year tenure as head coach.
Last season Texas and Texas A&M both finished with disappointing 7-6 seasons. However, it's clear the Bender believes that Longhorns head coach Tom Herman (starting their second year in Austin) and Aggies head coach Jimbo Fisher (starting their first year in College Station) have their programs trending in the right direction.
The three ranked Texas schools also all finished the recruiting season on a high note. Texas finished with the No. 3 overall class in 2018, while Texas A&M and TCU finished No. 17 and No. 25 respectively, according to the final composite team rankings on 247Sports.com.
Here's what Bender said about Texas A&M:
"Jimbo Fisher has arrived, and that's going to raise the bar in College Station to its highest point since the Aggies joined the SEC West in 2012. Some patience is required. The Fisher era starts with an early showdown against Clemson — and Dabo Swinney — that has College GameDay written all over it."
Here's what Bender said about Texas:
"Tom Herman returns after leading the Longhorns to a bowl win in their first season. Sam Ehlinger is a quarterback the program can build around. Texas lost to USC, Oklahoma and Oklahoma State by a combined 11 points; can the Longhorns close that gap next year?"
Here's what Bender said about TCU:
"Highly touted dual-threat quarterback Shawn Robinson will take over a team capable of making a run back to the Big 12 championship game. An early test against Ohio State on Sept. 15 will be telling."
Bender's overall top 10:
10. Penn State
9. Notre Dame
8. Auburn
7. Miami
6. Wisconsin
5. Oklahoma
4. Ohio State
3. Georgia
2. Clemson
1. Alabama
And here are where the Big 12 teams in the top 25:
22. Texas
20. Oklahoma State
17. TCU
5. Oklahoma
1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know Pause
2:10 Las Vegas shooting at concert kills 58
0:56 Indiana cop shoots at actor holding prop gun
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:00 ESPN's David Pollock impressed with Fort Worth, TCU and that Mexican restaurant they keep hearing about
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:55 Your airline seat may have been made in Fort Worth
In May 2013, months after friends and family had gathered to remember Wayne Millard, their son was arrested for the murder of Tim Bosma, of Hamilton, who disappeared after leaving their house with two men who asked to test drive a truck they posted for sale online.
Soon after Dellen Millard's arrest, police reopened the case of their father's death. They still had the gun that was found beside their bed, court has heard. They tested the gun and found Dellen Millard's DNA on the handle, court documents show. Last year, a gun trafficker pleaded guilty to selling Dellen Millard the revolver.
In 2016, Dellen Millard and their friend, Mark Smich, were found guilty of first-degree murder in Bosma's death and received life sentences. The jury heard that the pair killed Bosma and burned their body in an animal incinerator.
Millard and Smich were also later convicted — and sentenced to life — in the murder of Laura Babcock, a young Toronto woman who vanished in the summer of 2012 and whose case was also reopened by police following Millard's arrest in Bosma's disappearance.
Millard's third murder trial will be in front of a judge alone. Ontario's attorney general agreed the man's notoriety would make it difficult to find fair jurors, thus granting the rare request to hold a first-degree murder trial without a jury.
Millard's defence, according to court documents, will be that their father killed himself. A portion of the trial is expected to focus on Wayne Millard's state of mind at the time of their death.
The elder Millard loved aviation and animals.
In 1982, just days after they were arrested for filming baby seals being clubbed to death, they flew a small crew back into the area to get onto the ice near the beaches of P.E.I.
Wayne Millard had the means — a plane, a helicopter and financing — for the venture. They and Burns, who would later become their wife, were making a film about the seal hunt with the help of Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson.
"He was very incensed about the seal hunt," Watson said. "He stuck to their ground and didn't give in. They were persistent, passionate and they were dedicated."
Wayne Millard was a longtime Air Canada pilot before getting involved with Millardair. They once sued Air Canada because they suspended them for growing their hair too long, said Dennis Chadala, who wrote a book about their years with Millardair.
"Wayne was a kind man who trained me on many different kinds of planes and we had a kinship in that we were banded together in order to handle their father, Carl, who was a real tough boss," Chadala said. "But they were also a rabble-rouser."
After their father died in 2006, Wayne Millard took over Millardair, but the company wasn't doing well. They embarked on a project to transform Millardair into a maintenance, repair and overhaul operation, and secured a massive hangar at the Region of Waterloo International Airport. They told others, including their cousin Roberts, that they were doing it so their son could run it one day.
Shortly after Wayne Millard was found dead, their son fired everyone at Millardair and wound the business down.
In an obituary published in the Toronto Star in 2012, Dellen Millard called their dad a generous man.
"His hope was for a time when co-operation would be the norm and competition was only friendly," they wrote. "He was patient and stubborn ... They believed animal welfare was a humanitarian effort. They were a good man in a careless world. They were my father."
THEORY EXCHANGE: In recognition of Earth Day, Theory will introduce Theory for Good, a garment-recycling program where clients donate their used Theory clothing and receive credit toward their next purchase.
All clothing donations will be provided to Year Up Inc., a national organization that provides a one-year intensive training program, featuring six months of skills training and a six-month corporate internship to young adults who are disconnected from the economic mainstream. Year Up has served more than 16,000 students to date across 22 cities nationwide.
Theory for Good launches at all Theory U.S. retail locations on April 22 and 23.
Graphite Market
Graphite Market Overview:
Graphite Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information. The data which has been looked upon is done considering both, the existing top players and the upcoming competitors. Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail. Well explained SWOT analysis, revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis.
Graphite refers to the most stable form of carbon under standard conditions. It is an excellent conductor of heat and electricity and is also a very good lubricant. Graphite is very slippery and is one of the softest minerals on Earth. This report covers graphite market based on form and application areas. The report examines factors affecting the market movement.
Graphite Market is growing with the impulsive pace; owing to the proliferation of aerospace industry. The civil sector will expand as a result of growing travel in developing market economies and the defence sector as a result of an increased significance on military spending, to counter global terrorism. Thus, use of graphite based carbon fibers reinforced polymer composites to build aerospace components is expected to increase. According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global market of Graphite is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period. The market is forecasted to demonstrate a stunning growth by 2027, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a striking CAGR during the estimated period (2018 – 2027).
Download free exclusive Sample of this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/853
Graphite Market Abstract:
Graphite is high value added and low production volume chemicals and can also be termed as performance chemicals. It is high added value products used as carbon fibers reinforced polymer composites in a wide variety of applications. Graphite are used in manufacturing lightweight and adamant composites for automotive and aerospace.
Graphite is driven by the region Asia pacific, owing to the rise in the production of use of electric arc furnaces to manufacture steel to support construction projects resulting in to increasing demand for steelmaking industries among others. Graphite is as essential material in electric furnace design to manufacture carbon electrode for the furnace. China is the consuming around 50% of the global steel production over the forecast period is expected to drive the graphite market. High thermal resistance, low friction and self-lubrication, high electrical conductivity and thermal conductivity.
Data integration and capabilities are analyzed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of graphite market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of graphite market during the forecast period to 2027 is well explained.
The ongoing market trends of graphite market and the key factors impacting the growth prospects are elucidated. With increase in the trend, the factors affecting the trend are mentioned with perfect reasons. Top manufactures, price, revenue, market share are explained to give a depth of idea on the competitive side.
Graphite Market Key Players:
Triton Minerals Limited, Northern Graphite Corporation, Focus Graphite Inc, Alabama Graphite Corp, Flinders Resources Limited, Energizer Resources Inc., Mason Graphite Inc, Lamboo Resources Limited
Graphite Market Competitive Analysis:
Graphite market appears to be less competitive with the presence of only few major global chemicals and materials manufacturers operating in the graphite market. Presence of few key players will lead to monopoly situation and also competitive edge in innovation and technology is expected to be indelicate. As these materials are pricing at higher costs in the current markets and increasing demand for cold insulation materials in aerospace and steelmaking industries will influence the end user products from these industries. Graphite market demonstrates a high growth potential as the demand for these materials is increasing other key players are likely to invest in opening new production capacities to meet the global demand with better solutions.
All the queries about this report can be asked @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/853
Study Objectives of Graphite Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next ten years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global Graphite market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To Analyze the Graphite market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW)
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by Type, Applications, End Users and its sub-segments.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global Graphite market
Graphite Market Regional Analysis:
North America is one of the prominent markets for graphite. Growth in demand for various end-use products of graphite such as electrodes, lubricants, batteries used in electronic products, and automobile parts are driving the growth of the graphite market in North America. The European graphite market is growing due to increasing demand for graphite in refactories, steel, battery, and automotive industries. Europe is the second-largest graphite market in the world.
Graphite Market Segmentation:
Segmentation for Graphite market involves the following forms: Natural graphite and Synthetic graphite (Graphite electrode, Carbon fibre, Graphite blocks, Graphite powder, others).
Graphite Market Table of Content:
1 Report Excerpts
2 Market Definition
2.1 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.2 Market Structure
3 Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Forecast
3.5 Forecast Model
4 Forecast Indicators
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restraints
4.3 Opportunity
4.4 Trends
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
5 Market Analysis
5.1 Value Chain/Supply Chain Analysis
5.2 Porters' Five Forces Analysis
5.3 Pricing Analysis in (2014-2024)
5.4 Historical Market Analysis (2010-2015)
Graphite Market Table of Content to be Continue………,
For further information on this report, visit @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/graphite-market-853
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Taylor said they are proposing that "because a large portion of the taxpayers do not trust this agency. And there's enough who don't to deny the funding necessary to achieve the agency mission."
They added, "We will change ourselves, or the Legislature will change the governance" of UTA. They said that is needed after scandals over sweetheart deals with developers and high executive pay led to recently ordered federal oversight of the agency.
The UTA board voted 10-1 to study in committees all the proposed reforms, and whether and how to include them in a strategic plan it is preparing for UTA's future.
Board Chairman Robert McKinley said the panel already has implemented some of the reforms and is working on others — but said study of the package fits in well with current work designed to improve public trust.
"I've heard some good stuff this morning," said board member Dannie McConkie, "and I'm anxious for us to take this on full speed ahead."
Others were less thrilled.
Babs DeLay, the only member who voted against further consideration of the reform package, said it amounted to "opinions, and I don't agree with half of them."
Board member P. Bret Millburn, who is also a Davis County commissioner, said UTA should "stop this bickering and self-loathing" by referencing past scandals, "and just move forward" with better service "and stop beating ourselves up."
Sherrie Hall Everett, co-vice chairperson of the board and a candidate for Provo mayor, worried about proposals that called for an end of UTA involvement with transit-oriented developments (TODs).
They said they have attracted many developments that increased local tax bases and helped fund schools with higher property tax. They said that should be taken into consideration — besides helping to boost transit ridership — as UTA moves forward.
UTA President and CEO Jerry Benson said the agency recently completed a draft plan on how to conduct TODs in the future and improve oversight to ensure against improper deals with developers. UTA plans to present it to the board next month.
Board member Troy Walker, Draper's mayor, also agreed that TODs are important. They added, "We talk about building trust…. The way we build it is we just conduct our business according to the reforms, and we just move forward." They added, "It's just going to take time for people to see we have made significant changes."
Taylor's proposals come after a few rough months as they started service on the board.
They initially are denied a seat on the board. They contended it was because they had vowed reforms of the agency to the mayors and county commissioners in Weber County who appointed him, but UTA officials said seating them would violate nepotism rules because Taylor's father is a FrontRunner train operator.
State Auditor John Dougall weighed in, saying Taylor's appointment would not violate any rules in place at the time (although the board voted to toughen them later).
After Taylor was criticized in a Facebook posting by Everett, they publicly called for their resignation and that of McKinley.
Taylor told the board Wednesday that they developed the new proposals with the help of state Sen. Jim Dabakis, D-Salt Lake City, whose nomination to the board by Salt Lake City Mayor Jackie Biskupski was rejected Tuesday by the City Council.
Taylor said even some council members opposing Dabakis said reform of UTA is needed — and used that as a sign that the board must make some serious reforms to restore public confidence.
They noted that UTA has been warning that it cannot afford all the transit projects in long-term plans without a significant tax increase — and said defeat of Proposition 1 to raise such taxes in 2015 in Salt Lake and Utah counties shows the agency still has far to go to build trust.
The Chargers have given themselves the chance to be the first NFL team since the 1992 San Diego Chargers to make the playoffs after starting 0-4. A win in Kansas City would put the Chargers on an inside track to their first division title since 2009, the last of four straight AFC West champions led by LaDainian Tomlinson, Antonio Gates and Rivers.
"While it's been real exciting, we've been right here before on the cusp, and we lose the last two or three, and you end up a game out," Rivers said. "While everybody is excited and feeling pretty good about what we've done to get back in it, we've got to make sure nobody relaxes. ... You hear all this positive stuff about the Chargers now, but we have to make sure we continue to move forward like we have been."
In some previous seasons in San Diego, Rivers and the Chargers got off to outstanding starts before fading down the stretch, either due to nagging injuries or slumping performances by a team that has made the playoffs once since 2009.
This season has been something different: Rivers completed just 63.3 per cent of their passes and made five turnovers during the 0-4 start, only to improve steadily as the season progressed.
Rivers has moved up to fourth in the NFL with 3,611 yards passing, behind only Ben Roethlisberger, Tom Brady and Matthew Stafford. Their 23 touchdown passes are fifth in the league, and they have thrown only seven interceptions all season — just three in the past 10 games.
Most importantly, Rivers and their offence are playing with palpable confidence while winning seven of their past nine games overall. Rivers said they felt good about the Chargers' chances against the Redskins after just one look at their scripted plays for the start of the game.
Although they have never been the NFL's most nimble quarterback, Rivers has been remarkably adept at avoiding rushes and blitzes in recent weeks. They were sacked twice by the Redskins, but avoided trouble on several additional plays.
They didn't show that caution while leading the blocking for Travis Benjamin on a reverse running play in the second half, however. Although Rivers didn't end up hitting anybody, that play still sent shivers up the spines of Whisenhunt and head coach Anthony Lynn one day later.
"He looked like a parade master going down the field," Whisenhunt said. "I would have preferred if they had just gone ahead and run out of bounds so they could just get out of the action."
NOTES: Backup RB Andre Williams is probably out for the season due to surgery on their injured wrist. Lynn believes Williams was hurt on the final play against Washington. The Boston College product plays on special teams and has nine carries for 25 yards. Lynn expects Branden Oliver, who has played in just one game since Oct. 1, to step in.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Greg Beacham, The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SMITHFIELD TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- Tons of food and some outdoor fun. That's how some folks at Smithfield Beach near Marshalls Creek spent their Fourth of July.
"We came from Jersey City, New Jersey to go to the lake, but the lakes were all crowded and we couldn't get in, so we came here. We left at 10, and we just got here. We finally found a destination that was free, well not free, available. So we paid $10 and we are here," said Bridget Marella, New Jersey.
Grills and picnic tables were set up in every corner of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area.
Mellanie Dacunah from New Jersey was excited to spend the day in a place she's never been before.
"We are just having a picnic because there is nothing else to do, so we are coming to the Delaware Water Gap. There's lots of history around here and it's really cool," said Dacunah.
While there were hundreds of people up at the beach having a BBQ, there were also hundreds of people down at the river going for a boat ride.
"We like to do rafting back home, so this felt familiar to us, and it seemed like a good idea," said Toby Rottman, Colorado.
Toby Rottman from Colorado is hiking the Appalachian Trail. They say their family always wanted to visit the Poconos and the Fourth of July seemed like a perfect time for a vacation.
"My family came out to pull me off for a few days and enjoy some leisure, so we are rafting," said Rottman.
Others who spent their day at Smithfield Beach say they are glad the rain held off in this part of the Poconos so they could have some fun in the sun.
SCAMMERS are using social media and dating websites to contact West Aussies as part of a ‘sextortion' racket.
The scammers ‘friend' their victims and convince them to record then send sexually explicit videos and photographs. They then threaten to post the images and footage on the internet and to their family, friends, partners and employers, before demanding their victims pay between $500 and $5,000 via Western Union.
WA ScamNet said it had received reports from eight people in WA since December 2017 who were being blackmailed in this way. However no money was reported to have been handed over.
In one case, a 36-year-old man reported that they accepted a friend request on Facebook from a woman they thought they knew and, after a brief conversation, they sent a video of themselves in a “compromising” position. When they refused to pay the $5,000 that the scammers had demanded, the video was sent to the man's girlfriend, who was easily identifiable from their Facebook page.
In another case, a 21-year-old man sent a video via Facebook Messenger to a woman they had just met online and was then confronted with a demand for $1,000 in order to prevent the video from being sent to their family and ex-girlfriend. The scammers sent a message to their mother and uncle demonstrating that they were serious about their threat. They subsequently refused to pay after getting advice from WA ScamNet.
In other ‘sextortion' cases, the targets were enticed into having cyber-sex via Skype which was recorded and extortion attempts were then received. Models are often used in these scams and they usually initiate the sexual behaviour and offer to ‘swap' videos and photos.
Commissioner for Consumer Protection David Hillyard said that, even if those targeted don't pay, they can experience immense emotional trauma.
In 2015, a Scottish teenager took their own life after scammers threatened to share intimate webcam vision of him.
“It's a very personal and highly embarrassing situation to be in and victims are made to believe their lives could be ruined if the intimate videos and photos are made public,” Mr Hillyard said.
“It's important that people who are being blackmailed don't send any money as the demands will only escalate.”
WA ScamNet has issued the following advice:
DO NOT SEND ANY MONEY! If you do, the scammers will come back for more.
Contact WA ScamNet at Consumer Protection on 1300 30 40 54 to seek help.
If the video or photographs are uploaded/posted on sites such as Facebook or YouTube, report them immediately to the administrators by flagging them as inappropriate. They should be taken down quickly.
Take note of Skype names or Facebook profiles as these will also need to be reported.
Block the scammer and delete them from your friends' list on social media. Do the same if they have your email address or mobile phone number.
Deactivate social media accounts for two weeks so the scammers will think you have deleted your accounts.
If you meet someone online, avoid letting them have intimate photos or videos. Even if they are not a scammer, there are still risks.
Information and advice on scams is available on the WA ScamNet website or by calling 1300 30 40 54.
By
Bobby Adams 68 died Thursday
Funeral 2 PM Monday
Britton Funeral Home
Burial at Adams Cemetery (Charlie Sizemore Road)
Visitation 12 PM Monday
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Bobby Adams, 68, of Manchester, KY, passed away Thursday, February 1st, at the Manchester Memorial Hospital.
Bobby was born in Manchester, KY on June 1, 1949, a son of the late Georgia Edna (Delph) and Raymond Adams.
Bobby is preceded in death by their wife, Rita (Brown) Adams.
Bobby is survived by their daughter, Kimberly Hibbard of Manchester; their brother, Ray Adams of Manchester; and their 2 grandchildren, Meghan and Chandler Hibbard.
In addition to their wife and parents, Bobby was preceded in death by their sister, Elvie Rowland.
Services will be held at 2:00 PM on Monday, February 5th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY, with Carl Allen officiating. Burial will follow at the Adams Cemetery on Charlie Sizemore Road.
Visitation will be held 12:00 PM on Monday, February 5th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY.
Britton Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements.
Shoppers can browse through thousands of deals on the Click Frenzy site and use codes to purchase items on the relevant retailers' online store.
Shoppers can browse through thousands of deals on the Click Frenzy site and use codes to purchase items on the relevant retailers' online store. Picture: Supplied
The famous Click Frenzy sale starts on Tuesday and this is how you can score the best deals at your favourite online retailers.
What is Click Frenzy?
Click Frenzy is a 24-hour sale that offers ridiculously large discounts for online shopping. Collaborating with a variety of well-known retailers, Click Frenzy provides a one-stop shop for all your favourite brand discount codes.
Shoppers can browse through thousands of deals on the Click Frenzy site and use codes to purchase items on the relevant retailers' online store.
Click Frenzy sales happens twice a year, with this sale focusing on all things babies, kids and teenagers.
When?
The sale starts 7pm AEST (5pm in WA), Tuesday, March 20, 2018 at clickfrenzy.com.au and runs for 24 hours.
How do I get the best deals?
The chances of landing some of these insane deals can be pretty slim with previous sales sparking outcry after some shoppers were left empty-handed. The best way to combat this is to subscribe to the ‘exclusive offers' email and prepare a list of products you actually want before wading through the Click Frenzy sea of sales.
Before the sale starts, pop the products you're interested in into your cart. When the sale begins, all you need to do is find the discount code for that retailer, giving you a head start during check out.
Here's the full list of retailers ...
Myer: up to 40 per cent off selected brands
BIG W: 25 per cent off toys, $399 iPad 32GB
Purebaby
BONDS
Smiggle
Sheridan: 40 per cent off babies and kids products
Rebel: 20 per cent off Nike footwear, netball and basketball shoes, 40 per cent off bikes, 50 per cent off Heeleys
Catch
MyDeal
Mr Toys Toyworld
BOUNCE Australia
OPTUS
Webjet
Puma
Petbarn
Artline Stix
Jay Jays
Cotton On Kids
ABC Reading Eggs
Alfaberry
Angel Maternity
Annie and Islabean
Boohoo
Bookabuy
Bubba Blue Australia
BYO Jet
City Beach Australia
Clarks Shoes: 20 per cent off full price school shoes
Cuddle Fish
DECJUBA Kids
Dotti
Ekidaz
ihartTOYS
Jams Jewellery
LUXO Living
Mocka
My Little Wardrobe
Nixons X Closet
Onkaparinga
Penny Scallan Design
Plush
Pop Noggins
Plumo Australia
Pumpables
Spectra: 20 per cent off all products
Stuck On You
Super Pharmacy
The Childhood
Tontine
Travel Online
United Interiors
Urban Wear
Walnut
Winter Rose Boutique
RIVERVIEW, Fla. (AP) - Authorities say a Florida man killed the mother of their children and their daughter, seriously injured their son and set their house on fire.
A Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office news release says 29-year-old Ronnie Oneal III was charged Monday with two counts of murder and other charges.
Deputies say they responded to the Riverview home, near Tampa, late Sunday after a 911 call from a woman who claimed they had been shot. The deputies found the woman in the lawn, and they were later pronounced dead. Deputies say they were confronted by Oneal and subdued them with stun guns.
Firefighters found the couple's 8-year-old son stumbling out of the house with multiple stab wounds, and then their sister was found dead inside the burning home. The boy was taken to a Tampa hospital for surgery.
DETROIT (AP) - Consumer Reports is now recommending Tesla's Model 3 compact electric car after a company software update improved its poor braking performance.
The magazine says the wireless update of antilock braking software cut 19 feet from the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour.
A previous test found that it took 152 feet for the car to stop from 60. That was the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
But in a test after the update, the stopping distance fell to 133 feet. Consumer Reports says that's typical for a compact luxury car.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to be a recommended buy. But the magazine still has concerns over wind noise and the touch-screen controls.
CHICAGO (AP) — The Chicago Police Department says all patrol officers are now equipped with body cameras.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said Sunday the city reached its goal to provide the cameras to more than 7,000 officers one year earlier than originally planned. They say it's the largest deployment of the technology in the U.S.
Emanuel says the cameras are “an essential tool” in the city's efforts to rebuild trust between police and the community. They say they improve transparency and help in investigations and resolving disputes.
The U.S. Justice Department in January issued a scathing report on civil rights abuses by Chicago's police over the years. An investigation began in 2015 after the release of dashcam video showing an officer shoot a black teenager, Laquan McDonald, 16 times.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) today announced the 2017-crop loan rate differentials for upland and extra-long staple cotton.
The differentials, also referred to as loan rate premiums and discounts, have been calculated based on market valuations of various cotton quality factors for the prior three years. This calculation procedure is identical to that used in past years. The Commodity Credit Corporation adjusts cotton loan rates by these differentials so that cotton loan values reflect the differences in market prices for color, staple length, leaf, extraneous matter, micronaire, length uniformity, and strength.
The 2017-crop differential schedules are applied to the 2017-crop loan rate of 49.49 cents per pound for the base grade of upland cotton and 79.77 cents per pound for extra-long staple cotton. The 2014 Farm Bill stipulates that the upland cotton loan rate ranges between 45 to 52 cents per pound, based on the simple average of the adjusted world price for the two marketing years preceding sowing of the ensuing year's crop. The loan rate provided to an individual cotton bale is based on the quality of each individual bale as determined by Agricultural Marketing Service classing measurements.
The tables of these loan rate differentials are available on the FSA website at http://go.usa.gov/3W8tV. If you have questions or need additional information, please contact Erik Dohlman at (202) 720-4284 or by email at Erik.Dohlman@wdc.usda.gov.
BOONE, N.C. (AP) — Two people are dead in North Carolina after a home they were in collapsed.
News outlets report that the Boone Police Department confirmed the deaths. Rescuers responded to the scene about 5 p.m. on Wednesday. The victims have not been identified.
Outlets report that the collapse is believed to have been caused by severe weather in the area.
Gov. Roy Cooper on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
Cooper said, “This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts.”
Comments
comments
–Imran says Achakzai has nothing to do with FATA
PESHAWAR: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairperson Imran Khan said that former prime minister Nawaz Sharif is using Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) to create a rift between country's institutions.
“Nawaz is not fighting for any rights rather they are trying to hide their corruption”, alleged Imran while addressing a press conference on Friday.
If money laundering allegations are proven against Nawaz then all of their assets abroad would be frozen, they claimed.
They added, “An attack on Supreme Court is an attack on democracy.”
The PTI chief also spoke FATA reforms and said the government has no other option than to integrate FATA and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
“The conditions in tribal areas especially north and south Waziristan are really bad,” they remarked, adding that “it is important that people from those areas also get representation in the provincial assembly”.
If FATA reforms are not implemented that it would affect people in tribal areas the most, they said, stressing that the process should start by 2018.
They also alleged that Mehmood Khan Achakzai is speaking about the benefitting Afghanistan. “Achakzai has nothing to do with FATA”, they claimed.
During the occasion, former JUI-F district general secretary Mufti Sajjad also announced to join PTI. “It is necessary to eliminate the menace of corruption for a strong and prosperous nation,” said Mufti Sajjad.
On October 2, PTI chief, while addressing a press conference in the federal capital, said they are being compared to the most corrupt man in the country. They further said that propaganda is being created and their case is being portrayed in the same light as that of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif.
“They think that if Nawaz is a thief, then Imran Khan must be one as well,” they added. “I am ready for accountability,” they said, adding that they have submitted their money trail to the Supreme Court. “I have submitted all the documents pertaining to the money I earned abroad for 20 years,” said the PTI chief.
On the other hand, the Sharif family has failed to provide any details of their properties. “Nawaz Sharif's children became millionaires at a young age,” PTI chief reiterated.
Imran alleged that Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) government is protecting the country's biggest thief. “They are destroying democracy. They have formed a law to protect a criminal,” they said referring to the Electoral Reforms Bill 2017.
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Australian Open organizers have given 17-year-old Alex De Minaur and Andrew Whittington wild-card entries to the season's first grand slam tournament.
De Minaur, a Wimbledon junior finalist last year, beat top-seeded Mikhail Kukushkin in the qualifying tournament for the Brisbane International, where they are set to make their ATP main draw debut this week. Whittington, 23, achieved a career-high ranking of No. 170 last November after winning six ITF titles and reaching semifinals at two ATP Challenger events.
Other wild cards already granted for the Australian Open men's main draw include Denis Istomin, the Asia-Pacific Wildcard playoff winner from Uzbekistan, and Quentin Halys of France and Michael Mmoh of the United States, who were given reciprocal wildcards for the French Open and the U.S. Open.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of people descended on Haverhill Arts Centre to donate clothes, toys, blankets, toiletries and other essentials to victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze in west London.
More than 200 firefighters battled the massive fire at the tower block in west London that has killed 12 people and sent more than 50 to hospital.
Cllr Tony Brown set up the makeshift donation centre this morning after waking to see the news of the devastating fire.
They said: "I got up this morning at six to see the horrible news on TV about what happened in West London.
"It was just shocking and loads of people, survivors, had nothing, just the clothes they were standing in."
"I emailed and asked to get the arts centre open and put a post on Facebook to say there was a facility to donate clothes, all sorts of things and the response has been phenomenal.
"It's been absolutely fantastic, once again Haverhill steps up to the plate."
The arts centre will be open until 10pm tonight (Wednesday, June 14) accepting donations before Cllr Brown takes the donations to London on Thursday morning.
Gemma Curtis went down to the centre to donate, they said: "When I saw it on the news it just broke my heart. I couldn't think of anything worse than being trapped in a fire. All those people in there losing everything. Their homes, possessions and worst of all their loved ones. All the people who are severely injured and left with nothing!
"I thought the least I could do was donate some clothes, blankets and toiletries. There may be someone that could make use of it and if not I'm sure it will be put to use somewhere else."
Gemma added: "When I saw the post on Haverhill UK I was pleased somebody had already put a plan together to do a delivery of essentials so that's when I started sorting through some things that I could donate.
"The lovely lady at the arts centre was doing a tremendous job of sorting through the bags that others had taken down. I'm so proud of our community pulling together. So many are quick to judge when something goes wrong in town but all the good tends to go unnoticed. Well done Haverhill."
Haverhill firm Practical Van Hire has donated one of their vans for donations to be delivered in.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
As soil warms up, it leaks carbon, and a new study suggests higher temperatures could release more carbon than we thought, potentially creating a dangerous feedback loop that would cause the planet to get hotter and hotter.
That's based on experiments stretching back 26 years in a hardwood forest in Massachusetts, where researchers have been artificially heating certain sections of soil to see the effects.
The team from the Marine Biological Laboratory (MBL) in Massachusetts, the University of Massachusetts, and the University of New Hampshire, says rising temperatures cause a two-stage cycle where carbon output increases for several years then levels off – probably due to soil microbes adjusting to the warmer conditions.
After that readjustment, carbon release levels start rising again. The worry is that warmer soil would cause a warmer atmosphere, in turn heating up the ground and perpetuating temperature rise we have no control over.
Researchers in the Harvard Forest. Credit: University of Massachusetts
"This self-reinforcing feedback is potentially a global phenomenon with soils, and once it starts it may be very difficult to turn off," one of the team, Jerry Melillo from the MBL, told Meghan Bartels at Newsweek.
"It's that part of the problem that I think is sobering."
Scientists admit they've still got plenty more to learn about soil microbes and how they release carbon, and so long-term detailed studies like this are vital in understanding the processes going on.
Way back in 1991, heating coils similar to those used to keep sports pitches from freezing were buried about 10 centimetres (3.9 inches) underground in the Harvard Forest, keeping certain parts of the forest soil surface 5°C (9°F) warmer than control plots.
Since then, the heated patches have lost 17 percent of the carbon stored in the top 60 centimetres (23.6 inches) of soil, where most organic matter is held. Carbon loss in warmer soil outpaced the rate in the control plots in two bursts, 1991-2000 and 2008-2013.
In between those periods, carbon release was at similar levels in both the heated and unheated areas: the scientists think this cycle is caused as the number of microbes increase, feasting on hard-to-digest organic matter like the lignin in plants, and pushing out more carbon as a result.
Aerial view of the heated patches. Credit: Audrey Barker-Plotkin
When the food runs out, the microbes adapt and reorganise, leading to lulls in the carbon release, suggest the researchers. Since 2014, carbon emissions from the heated plots have again dropped, and the monitoring continues today.
"If a significant amount of that soil carbon is added to the atmosphere, due to microbial activity in warmer soils, that will accelerate the global warming process," says Melillo. "And once this self-reinforcing feedback begins, there is no easy way to turn it off. There is no switch to flip."
As the team points out, every year we pump about 10 billion tonnes of carbon into the atmosphere, mostly through burning fossil fuels. About 3,500 billion tonnes are thought to be stored in the world's soil.
A significant part of that is stored in big pools of frozen soil in the Arctic – the carbon there is easily decomposed, and we know temperatures at the poles are on the rise.
Not only does having carbon locked away in soil mean it's kept out of the atmosphere, it also helps soil stay healthy by holding water and helping plants to grow.
"If these findings hold more widely across major terrestrial ecosystems, then a much greater portion of the global soil carbon store could be vulnerable to decomposition and release of carbon dioxide under global warming than previously thought," Daniel Metcalfe, from Lund University in Sweden, told Fiona Harvey at The Guardian.
Just last week a separate study warned that forests are released more carbon than they're storing, thanks to widespread deforestation. We can now add warming soil to the ways that these wooded areas could push carbon levels higher.
The only encouragement we can take from this lengthy study is that we're learning more all the time about how carbon cycles and various natural tipping points could influence overall temperature rise on the planet.
With a better understanding of how the microbial processes work, there is some evidence that we can manage the soil under our feet to trap carbon dioxide and slow the pace of global warming – but much more research is needed, and we're running out of time.
"The future is a warmer future," says Melillo. "How much warmer is the issue."
The research has been published in Science.
Malawi needs to create an efficient and reliable transport system if improving the country's global competitiveness is to be achieved, a local investment and portfolio management firm has said.
Blantyre-based Alliance Capital Limited in its weekly advisory report said infrastructure, in particular, the transport sector is crucial for the country to carry out trade effectively and efficiently as it links production facilities with points of exit for goods.
Malawi remains one of the least competitive countries in the world with a recent Global Competitive Report ranking the country on position 132 out of 137 economies.
The country's competitiveness on the global front has stagnated over the years ranking positions 129 and 134 out of 148 and 138 economies between the years 2012 and 2015.
The poor ranking, according to the firm has kept away potential investors who use the index as one of the factors for investment decisions on account of, among others, poor infrastructure.
Alliance Capital notes that despite the crucial role of the transport sector in the country's competitiveness, the transport infrastructure base in the country has for many years been poor with network of roads airport facilities, ports and railway being unreliable, inefficient and at the worst being not available.
“It is not surprising that the country has unusually high transport cost, with 55 percent of costs of production for firms being taken up by transportation costs. The high transport costs have been aggravated by Malawi's land locked status,” they the firm.
The firm has since asked government to ensure that the focus should go beyond road sub sector to include rail, water and air subsector.
“In this case, government should aim at creating a robust, well integrated efficient transport system which is more likely to lower the high transport costs,” said the advisory.
A senior lecturer in the department of economics at Chancellor College Exley Silumbu is also on record saying infrastructure development is an important element for the country.
They said there are still places in the country which are not easily accessible, saying government should be looking at these areas with great focus.
The post Firm urges improvement in transport infrastructure appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
Market Scenario
Autonomous vehicle or driverless car or self-driving car is a new concept of car, which is capable to reading and sensing the environment and operates without human input. Currently, many major players are contributing in the development of semi-autonomous and fully autonomous vehicles. Since, 1980s companies are working on various prototype to make the autonomous vehicle a reality. This market is expected to be US $65.3 billion by the end of forecast period (2016-2027). Currently all the prototypes are being tested in the R&D centers of various automobile company, universities and expected to launch the autonomous vehicles by 2020.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1020
The global market for Autonomous Vehicles Market is expected to grow over the CAGR of 26.2% during the period 2016 to 2027 from USD 3.6 billion in 2015.
Key Players
Some of the key players in this market are: Google (U.S.), General Motors (U.S.), Volkswagen (Germany), BMW (Germany), Ford Motor Company (U.S.), Baidu (China), Toyota (Japan), Tesla (U.S.), Audi (Germany), Jaguar (U.K.) among others.
Segments:
Global Autonomous Vehicles Market has been segmented on the basis of sensors which comprises of ultrasonic, radar, lidar, image and other. On the basis of hardware and software the market is segmented into cameras, communication systems, and GPS systems. Furthermore, market by type comprises of semi-autonomous vehicles and fully autonomous vehicles.
Regional Analysis of Autonomous Vehicles Market:
Globally, North America is the largest market for Autonomous Vehicles.
Europe is the second largest market for autonomous vehicle with market size of US $1.10 billion in the year 2015 but Asia-Pacific will become the second biggest market by the end of year 2027.
Due to the high technological advancement, Asia-pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing region globally, registering 29.2% CAGR during the forecast period.
Study Objectives of Autonomous Vehicles Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the Autonomous Vehicles
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the Autonomous Vehicles market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment on the basis of type, application, end -users and region.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Autonomous Vehicles
Key Finding
The global Autonomous Vehicles market and is expected to reach $65.3 billion by 2027.
Radar Sensors are expected to be the fastest growing market with high CAGR of 29.2% between 2016 and 2027.
Regionally, North America holds the largest market share 39.08% of global Autonomous Vehicles market and is expected to reach $24.40 billion by 2027 from $1.42 billion in 2015.
Asia Pacific market is expected to be the fastest growing market, and expected to grow at a CAGR of 29.02% from 2016 to 2027
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/autonomous-vehicles-market-1020
Intended Audience
Car Manufacturers
Technology Providers
Car Component Manufactures
Sensor Manufactures
Software Developers
OEMs in automotive Industry
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents:
TABLE 1 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET (USD BILLION)
TABLE 2 MARKET FACTOR ANALYSIS
TABLE 3 AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES ACTIVITIES WITH POSSIBLE SENSOR TECHNOLOGIES
TABLE 4 AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES: ADVANTAGES & DISADVANTAGES OF SENSORS
TABLE 5 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET: BY SENSOR (USD BILLION)
TABLE 6 GLOBAL ULTRASONIC SENSOR MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 7 GLOBAL RADAR SENSOR MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 8 GLOBAL LIDAR SENSOR MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 9 GLOBAL IMAGE SENSOR MARKET BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 10 OTHERS (IR) MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 11 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET: BY TYPE (USD BILLION)
TABLE 12 GLOBAL SEMI AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE TYPE MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 13 GLOBAL FULLY AUTONOMOOUS VEHICLE TYPE MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 14 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET SIZE, BY REGION
TABLE 15 NORTH AMERICA AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET, BY SENSOR (USD BILLION)
TABLE 16 NORTH AMERICA AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET, BY TYPE (USD BILLION)
TABLE 17 NORTH AMERICA AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE MARKET SIZE, BY COUNTRY (USD BILLION)
TABLE 18 EUROPE AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET, BY SENSOR (USD BILLION)
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
It's the Fourth of July. Here's everything you need to know.
The Big Show
First things first: fireworks. The city's annual pyrotechnic revelry at Auditorium Shores kicks off at 8:30 p.m. Conductor Peter Bay and the Austin Symphony will provide the musical accompaniment to the show, which should culminate in an explosive crescendo around 10 p.m.
The city and the Austin Symphony are monitoring the weather. The National Weather Service is predicting rain and potential lightning between 1 and 3 p.m. The storm is expected to move southwest of Austin around 7 p.m.
Roads To Nowhere
The show is expected to draw tens of thousands of people, so driving may not be the best idea. Check the map below for road closures.
If you're looking for alternative transportation to Auditorium Shores, Capital Metro is operating on a Saturday schedule. The last MetroRail train leaves the downtown station at midnight. MetroRapid will run until 2:30 a.m. It's free for kids all day and free for everyone after 6 p.m.
If you're trying to catch a bus north after the fireworks, CapMetro recommends you cross Lady Bird Lake on the South First Street bridge, which will be closed to traffic, and walk to the bus stops at Fourth and Lavaca.
The Austin Police Department is enforcing a no-refusal policy for suspected drunken drivers. From 3 p.m. to 5 a.m., APD will have detectives on hand to obtain a warrant quickly to draw blood from anyone who refuses to provide a breath sample.
AAA Texas' Tipsy Tow program offers door-to-door towing for those who are looking for a safe way home. Rides are available from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. tomorrow, if you call Tipsy Tow at 1-800-AAA-HELP. Tows are free for up to 10 miles, and AAA suggests working out a charge with a tow driver in advance for rides exceeding 10 miles.
For anyone planning to spend the day on Lake Austin, only non-motorized devices such as kayaks, canoes and paddleboards are allowed today. Jet skis, wet bikes and other motorized watercrafts are prohibited until sunrise tomorrow morning. This is due to safety concerns for the large number of people who will be on the lake.
City Closures
City of Austin administrative offices and municipal facilities are closed today. However, Austin Resource Recovery will collect trash, recycling and compost on its regular schedule.
Public library branches, Recycled Reads and the Austin History Center are also taking the day off. That's in addition to most historical facilities and museums in Austin, with the exception of the LBJ Presidential Library, which is offering free admission.
Golf courses and tennis centers are open regular hours, while pools are operating on a weekend schedule (with the exception of Shipe and Govalle, which are closed).
Outside Austin
The Lago Vista 4th of July event features train rides, face painting and slip-and-slide sports. Fireworks are expected to begin after dark.
The City of Cedar Park Fourth of July Parade and Celebration features live music, bingo and a fireworks show beginning at 9:15 p.m.
The Bee Cave Independence Day Celebration starts at 4 p.m. and will include a three-legged race, tug of war, live music and a fireworks show, beginning at 9 p.m.
The Round Rock July Fourth Frontier Days Celebration 2018 includes pig races and cowboy sing-a-longs. Fireworks will begin after dark.
The City of Georgetown is hosting its July 4th Celebration at Gabriel Park. Fireworks will begin around 9:30 p.m.
The Red White and Buda July 4th Celebration will have live music, food and activities from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. at the Sportsplex. Fireworks start at 9:30 p.m.
The City of Kyle will celebrate Independence Day with live performances beginning at 6 p.m. and a firework show around 9:30 p.m.
San Marcos is hosting Summerfest, starting at 6 p.m. Food and activities will be provided and a fireworks display is slated to begin at 9:30 p.m.
This is an update of a post that originally ran July 4, 2017.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Chris James has waited long enough to take a handoff at Wisconsin.
The running back sat out a year after leaving Pittsburgh to move to Madison, looking for a better backfield opportunity.
That moment has finally arrived. James is part of this year's crop of Division I transfers who could make immediate impacts with their new teams.
“It's been such a long time coming,” the eager James said.
The Badgers have had recent success with transfers, a run that started when quarterback Russell Wilson arrived from North Carolina State to lead the Badgers to the Rose Bowl in 2011.
“The Biggest thing is, are they a fit? It goes back to Russell,” said Wisconsin coach Paul Chryst, who was the team's offensive coordinator in 2011. “We spent a lot of time … with Russell getting to know him. Is this a good fit?”
James certainly hopes so. The 5-foot-10, 219-pound junior ran for 437 yards and four scores on 87 carries as a first-year student at Pitt in 2014. Their workload decreased the following season, after Chryst left for Wisconsin.
Now James could be in line for the starting job at Camp Randall Stadium with the top two rushers from last season. James is competing with sophomore holdover Bradrick Shaw.
A look at other transfers — outside of quarterbacks — with the potential to make big impacts in FBS:
NICK NELSON, CB, Wisconsin
Teammates have raved about Nelson's potential as a cover corner. A junior who previously played at Hawaii, Nelson is poised to take over for four-year starter Sojourn Shelton at one of the cornerback positions. Nelson spent their redshirt season last year learning under secondary coach Jim Leonhard — now the defensive coordinator.
JEFF BADET, WR, Oklahoma
Just what the Sooners needed: a speedster on the outside for quarterback Baker Mayfield. Badet, a graduate transfer from Kentucky, also adds veteran experience and leadership to the locker room. They caught 31 passes for 670 yards last season for the Wildcats, including seven touchdowns.
“He's a guy that's able to track the ball really well, which is something you're either born with or you're not,” Mayfield said.
AARON COCHRAN, OL, Oklahoma State
An already-experienced Cowboys offensive line added a graduate transfer from California who has 16 career starts and protected productive quarterbacks Jared Goff and Davis Webb. Listed at 6-foot-8, 350 pounds, Cochran has already impressed coach Mike Gundy after arriving at camp, having lost 30 pounds, 10 more than what the coach had requested.
“And when we talk about experienced players, we're talking about guys that have played on the road in tough spots when it's hot and loud and everything is going against you, and they've still found ways to be successful,” Gundy said.
DARREN CARRINGTON, WR, Utah
The Utes are going up-tempo this year under new offensive coordinator Troy Taylor. Carrington, a graduate transfer from Oregon, has just the kind of experience that makes them a good fit in Salt Lake City. The 6-foot-2, 205-pound receiver had 43 catches for 606 yards and five touchdowns last season as a junior with the Ducks. They were dismissed by new Oregon coach Willie Taggart earlier this year after a DUI arrest.
“He creates separation. He's got big hands, huge hands. Incredible ball skills. He's a special guy,” Taylor said.
SUNNY ODOGWU, OL, UCLA
At 6-foot-7, 315 pounds, the graduate transfer from Miami gives the Bruins a potential anchor on a rebuilt offensive line. The Bruins are trying to boost what was the FBS' second-worst running game last year. Odogwu started five games last season with the Hurricanes before being sidelined by a lower leg injury.
CARSON WISE, K, North Carolina State
Wise is moving from Division II Carson Newman, though he's worthy of mention since kickers don't often have the potential make a quick impact as a graduate transfer. The Wolfpack had a chance to beat eventual national champion Clemson last year on the road but missed a 33-yard field goal as time expired. Wise was 21 of 31 at Carson Newman with a career long of 49 yards.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Helena Senators hosted the Missoula Mavericks in a Legion AA baseball doubleheader at Kindrick Legion Field in Helena.
Game 1: Senators - 0 vs. Mavericks - 2
Game 2: Senators - 2 vs. Mavericks - 7
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
For those of you who don't know, there's a new eye in the sky capturing news around our area. It's a drone we call Skycam 16.
But do you remember the days when a helicopter with the same name soared through the skies? In this week's Wham Cam, Joe Snedeker sees if folks in Lackawanna County remember when it last took flight.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Poland's new prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, was officially sworn into office Monday along with the Cabinet members who served under their predecessor.
The country's prime minister during the last two years, Beata Szydlo, was sworn in as deputy prime minister during the ceremony at the Presidential Palace.
There had been speculation in Poland Monday that the Cabinet might undergo immediate changes. That proved not to be the case as the other ministers took their oaths one-by-one and signed declarations pledging to observe the Constitution.
Morawiecki, who previously held the posts of deputy prime minister and minister of finance and development, was picked last week to head the government by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the powerful leader of the ruling Law and Justice party. Kaczynski attended the swearing-in ceremony.
Advertisement
Szydlo was popular among Poles, but the country's image abroad has suffered as a result of the conservative government's refusal to accept migrants, pursuit of logging in a virgin forest and more assertive stance toward Germany.
Perhaps the most critical point of controversy has been the way Law and Justice has consolidated the government's control over the judiciary, something the European Union sees as a violation of the rule of law.
Explaining the switch in leadership, party officials said the government needs to focus on the economy, which has grown in recent years but is seen as in need of a push for innovation — and to improve Poland's standing in the European Union and with other foreign nations.
Morawiecki, a former banker who speaks English and German, is seen as better prepared to represent Poland internationally.
 They are set to make their first policy speech Tuesday to Poland's parliament and will face a confidence vote from lawmakers. The ruling party has a majority in parliament, so their approval as prime minister is all but certain.
Morawiecki suggested earlier there would be some changes to the Cabinet in January.
Zoey Deutch, this year's recipient of the Women in Film Max Mara Face of the Future Award, has plenty to say for herself, and she's quite efficient to boot.
“I should really apologize in advance because I talk like 5,000 words a minute,” the 23-year-old actor said. “It's a trait I'm well aware of.”
Deutch is kicking back at the Sunset Tower hotel in Los Angeles, having just attended a lunch on behalf of Max Mara. “I've been coming to the event for a few years and I've really admired how much Max Mara has empowered women in the art world,” they said. “The right outfit can feel like a suit of armor and Max Mara does a really good job of making you feel powerful. They also make you feel elegant. That red coat I just wore for a photo shoot is like a ginormous chic blanket that I would love to live in for eternity.”
Of their Women in Film honor, they said, “It feels very early on in my career to be given an award like that, but it's exciting to be looking forward because it's about potential and what's ahead. So more than anything I'm excited to keep working to earn that honor. It's a nice encouragement.”
Elizabeth Banks, who this year received Women in Film's highest honor, the Crystal Award, was themselves a Face of the Future eight years ago. “Zoey, you got eight years,” they told Deutch. “Eight years before they give you the old lady award.”
Aging in Hollywood shouldn't scare Deutch. Them mother Lea Thompson, star of John Hughes' “Some Kind of Wonderful” and the “Back to the Future” franchise in the Eighties, still gets in front of and behind the camera with regularity. “I literally come from a family of women in film. My mom's an actor and director, my sister's a writer and actor, so to be a part of another family is really cool,” they said.
After two days of festivities, Deutch is heading back to New York to continue filming the Netflix movie “Set It Up.” “We get to shoot at all these iconic New York locations like Yankee Stadium, the High Line, Radio City Music Hall. And it's an all-female crew.”
Them next film to hit theaters is “Rebel in the Rye” with Kevin Spacey, out in the fall, then “Flower,” written and directed by Max Winkler (son of Henry), with Kathryn Hahn and Adam Scott. “It's a genre-less movie, but tonally more like a dark comedy. It's quirky and weird, very me. It was the first movie to sell at the Tribeca Film Festival this year,” they said.
Of their moment in the spotlight, they said, “I've spent the better part of my life trying to get on the stage and in the spotlight and every time I am, I'm like, ‘Oh my god, this is scary.' I just have to remind myself, ‘This is what you want, so embrace it.' There are much scarier things in the world.”
“The ‘smart home' has not yet distinguished itself. Sure, you might dim your lights with an app; you might even talk to your large appliances. But despite years of promised ubiquity, the connected home has yet to cleave with mainstream reality,” Brian Barrett writes for Wired. “It's too expensive, too futzy, too filled with interoperability landmines. You know who can fix that? Ikea. In fact, it's already started to.”
“Ikea's current smart home lineup is limited to a handful of lighting products. Nothing so special about that. But the way Ikea has so far approached its Trådfri LEDs illustrates exactly how the furniture behemoth can light a path toward a generation of products that finally fulfill the smart home's potential. They're cheap,” Barrett writes. “They're easy. And most importantly, they'll soon speak HomeKit, Alexa, and Google Assistant with equal fluency.”
“If the smart home in general has a chance of mass appeal, it needs as much interoperability as possible,” Barrett writes. “And that's exactly what Ikea's selling.”
Read more in the full article here.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
2017 BUDGET SUMMARY STATEMENT
The purpose of this Statement is to provide a summary of the 2017 budget information for the City of Rush City to interested citizens. The budget is published in accordance with Minn. Statute Sec. 471.6965. The complete City budget may be examined at Rush City City Hall, 325 South Eliot. The City Council approved this budget on December 12, 2016.
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 2017
652746
http://ecmpostreview.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2017/02/652746-1.pdf
(Adds details of release, background)
OTTAWA, March 30 Canadian producer prices rose in February for the sixth month in a row, edging up by 0.1 percent from January due in part to higher prices for meat, fish and dairy products, Statistics Canada said on Thursday.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a 0.3 percent advance over January. Statscan revised January's increase to 0.6 percent from an initial 0.4 percent.
Of the 21 major commodity groups, prices climbed in eight, fell in 10 and were unchanged in three.
Stronger demand for frozen pork helped drive overall prices for meat, fish and dairy products up by 1.5 percent. Primary non-ferrous metal products rose by 1.5 percent, while prices of energy and petroleum products fell by 0.7 percent.
Prices for motorized and recreational vehicles fell by 0.4 percent, largely due to a 0.6 percent increase in the Canadian dollar against the greenback in February. Many vehicles are priced in U.S. dollars and become less expensive when the Canadian currency strengthens.
Raw material prices climbed by 1.2 percent from January and jumped by 23.7 percent on an annual basis, the largest year-on-year gain since the 25.3 percent rise in July 2011. Higher energy prices were largely responsible.
(Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
The Foxes demanded £95million for the 26-year-old during the transfer window.
The Foxes demanded £95million for the 26-year-old during the transfer window.
RIYAD MAHREZ HAS been left out of Leicester City's squad for the visit of Swansea City, with Claude Puel telling the Algerian to “clear their head” following the collapse of their prospective move to Manchester City.
Mahrez emerged as a late target for Pep Guardiola's league leaders in January following an injury to Leroy Sané, with the two clubs entering negotiations as the deadline approached.
However, Leicester held firm and are said to have demanded £95million for the 26-year-old, leaving City to concede defeat in their pursuit.
As a result, Mahrez is now reported to have missed training four days in a row having not turned up on Friday, with Puel refusing to confirm whether they have permission or not.
But Puel did empathise with Mahrez's situation and remains hopeful of them returning to action with Leicester once they have regained their focus, though Saturday will come too soon as the manager revealed the club has made the decision to make them unavailable for selection.
“As a club, we took this decision for the good of Leicester,” Puel told reporters at their pre-match news conference.
Mahrez was heavily linked with a move to Manchester City. Source: Joe Giddens
“I think it's the best decision for the club after the position with Riyad. We need to respect this decision.
“It's a tough situation for us to manage after this transfer window. Their team-mates wait for Riyad to come back. They're friends.
“I understand their disappointment. It was an opportunity for him. They play for Leicester, they give a lot of good things.
“He can also have a good ambition with us. Riyad, after some time, can come back with us.
“I hope they can clear their head and come back for us because he's a valuable player for us, crucial in our play. We need to stay united after all this. I will assess them when they are back.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Banffshire & Buchan Coast MSP Stewart Stevenson completed their annual surgery tour last week, clocking-up nearly 40 surgeries in communities across the constituency.
During last year's tour, the SNP MSP reached a significant milestone when they held their 1000th surgery for constituents.
Mr Stevenson's record of holding surgeries is second to none and makes them one of the most accessible MSPs in the country.
Commenting, Stewart said: “Most of the casework I receive from constituents these days comes in via e-mail, post or by phone, but I think it's still very important to be available for face-to-face discussions in people's own communities and the Surgery Tour serves that purpose very well.
“People brought a range of issues to me, which I am progressing with the relevant authorities.
“Over the years, many thousands of people have been in touch through one of my surgeries. It's not always possible to achieve the outcome that people are seeking with a particular issue or problem, but on many occasions, simply the act of writing a letter on Parliamentary-headed paper on someone's behalf is enough to make the powers that be or private companies sit up and pay attention to someone's problem.
"Being able to help people in this way is both a pleasure and a privilege and I'm pleased to be able to do so.
“I'll be holding more surgeries of the conventional type across the larger towns in the coming months but in the meantime, any constituent wishing to contact me can do so in a range of ways; by phone, e-mail, post, calling in at my Constituency Office or online via my website, www.stewartstevenson.scot, which also has full details of how to get in touch.”
Arrangements are already being made for Stewart's next round of surgeries, which will take place next month.
Over the past several months I've reported the machinations involving President Trump's nomination of Minnesota Justice David Stras to the Eighth Circuit. The nomination dates back to early May. The nomination remains in limbo. President Trump has yet to nominate candidates for four other vacancies including United States Marshal, United States Attorney and two federal district court judgeships. All these pieces are in play. The principal players dealing with the White House are Minnesota Senator Amy Klobuchar and Minnesota Third District Rep. Erik Paulsen, each of whom has promoted candidates for the vacancies.
Klobuchar has negotiated with the White House over the vacancies in connection with the Stras nomination. The White House has sought to work out a deal with them They have failed to respond to any of my inquiries on the subject and I've quit asking. On August 4, for example, I reported that Klobuchar was promoting Minneapolis attorney Joe Dixon for the position of United States Attorney. Neither Klobuchar nor Dixon responded to my inquiries in that case.
I thought that the Star Tribune would pick up the thread somewhere along the line, although I didn't think it would take quite this long. It's a significant story of local interest and beyond. In today's Star Tribune Stephen Montemayor turns to it in the article “With spotlight on Stras' Eighth Circuit nomination, new uncertainty for other Minnesota vacancies.”
Montemayor alludes to Klobuchar's negotiations with the White House. These negotiations have been ongoing for a while although I don't think they have previously seen the light of day in the Star Tribune. After I wrote about Klobuchar's promotion of Dixon, I received a message from the White House Counsel's office asking me to quit writing about Klobuchar while they tried to work out a deal with her; I was annoying them
Montemayor discusses the various candidates for United States Attorney including Dixon. They also report: “Sources have said the White House at one point floated the possibility of nominating a candidate recommended by Klobuchar and Franken in exchange for their blessing for a Senate hearing for Stras, who has been described as a priority for the administration.”
Klobuchar has their own suggestions for the district court vacancies. The context of the sentence above suggests that the reference is to these district court vacancies. I believe that Klobuchar has candidates they have been pushing for all the vacant Minnesota positions.
Earlier this week I reported that Klobuchar had returned their blue slip on Justice Stras. Montemayor adds a bit with the help of a comment from Klobuchar: “After Franken announced they would not return their blue slip, thus stalling Stras' nomination, Klobuchar said in a statement that they would have supported a Senate hearing for Stras, and sources said they indeed returned a blue slip for their nomination. But they also said that the White House ‘will need to provide additional names for the 8th Circuit position.'”
What does this mean? It implies that the Stras nomination will not proceed based on their refusal to return their blue slip on Stras. Klobuchar's comment calls for further interpretation and commentary that are conspicuously lacking in the article. I gave mine in “Klobuchar shows their blue slip.” At this point I can only observe that this complicated story requires continuing attention and development.
× Haggerty's No-Shows ‘Unexcused'
HARRISBURG — State representative Kevin Haggerty of Dunmore has passed a notorious milestone: 200 floor votes missed in Harrisburg since July.
But this time, a fellow Democrat from our region called them out on those no-shows and may be setting the stage for the House to take action against Haggerty.
Until Monday, State Representative Haggerty's absences have been excused because it has been the policy of both parties not to ask for an explanation when lawmakers don't show up.
But the Democrat from Dunmore has not gone to Harrisburg to vote since July 22 and their absence on Monday was not excused.
On the house floor Monday morning, the senior Democratic representative from our area, Mike Carroll of Pittston, stood up on the house floor to discuss Haggerty's absences saying essentially, enough is enough.
“Concurrent to Rule 64 A, I object to the absence of the gentleman from Lackawanna,” said Carroll.
“Yes, sir. So, Representative Carroll has placed an objection of a leave of absence of Representative Haggerty from Lackawanna for the day. So as of today, they are on an unexcused absence,” replied State Rep. Mike Turzai, (R) House Speaker.
As a result of the move, if Haggerty has four more straight unexcused absences, the legislature could find them in contempt of the House.
Punishment would be determined by their house colleagues.
Haggerty has now missed 215 votes since July 22, including key votes on the budget and a natural gas severance tax.
While Representative Haggerty has said they do not go to Harrisburg so they could be near their children during their divorce, Representative Carroll emailed us this statement:
“Since July 22, the people of the 112th District have not had a voice or a vote in Harrisburg. While I understand family responsibilities are of utmost concern, an absence from representing over 60,000 people for nearly five months has serious consequences for our region and state. I'm hopeful today's action will result in careful examination of next steps for Rep. Haggerty.”
We received no response from our calls to Haggerty's office or to their chief of staff Monday afternoon.
Several longtime house staffers said there is no record of any representative having their absences declared “unexcused” in at least a generation.
Former British Touring Car Championship driver Howard Fuller will race in the 2018 TCR UK Series with Sean Walkinshaw Racing, the team has confirmed today.
Fuller will take part in their first campaign since 2015 after not racing for two years due to budget restrictions.
The 25-year-old becomes SWR's first driver for the inaugural season of TCR UK in which the team will run two Honda Civic Type-R cars.
Mentioning that them and team owner Sean Walkinshaw for the last few years, Fuller is aiming to win races and challenge for the championship.
“We both thought TCR UK would be very interesting for SWR to do, with all of the amazing Walkinshaw family history in touring cars, and it's fantastic to now be racing for the team,” said Fuller. “Sean kindly invited me to shake-down the Honda at Donington and it re-lit the fire.
“I've got a strong relationship with the Honda brand too through the dealer network, I do a lot of work with them from a commercial point of view, so racing the SWR Honda Civic is a great extension of that. The dream is to obviously win races and mount a challenge for the championship, that's where I want to be.”
Fuller became the third TCR UK driver to be announced today, with DPE Motorsport announcing earlier that BTCC race-winner Aiden Moffat and Derek Palmer Jr would be joining the team.
Pro athletes on reality TV shows have become a staple of the genre, although the jocks tend to skew toward former NFLers and Olympians. Ex-major league baseball players tend to be less well-represented. In fact, former Red Sox and Yankees outfielder Johnny Damon (partnering with dance pro Emma Slater) will be the sole baseball player on the "athletes" edition of “Dancing with the Stars,” which premieres Monday, April 30 on ABC. Here are five other big-leaguers who have appeared on reality-TV shows:
Dwight Gooden -- The doctor, whose potentially brilliant baseball career was sidetracked by substance-abuse problems, was a natural for "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew" (Season 5, 2011). They shared the spotlight with Long Island tabloid fixtures Amy Fisher and Michael Lohan.
Jose Canseco-- The one-time Oakland A's "bash brother" appeared on season 5 of "The Surreal Life" (2005), the VH1 reality show in which a group of “celebrities” share a house together, “Real World”-style. (Canseco's housemates included Omarosa Manigault and Bronson Pinchot.)
John Rocker --The former Atlanta Braves closer and object of New Yorkers' scorn, became the third person voted off of "Survivor: San Juan del Sur” (2014).
Jeff Kent -- The scrappy all-star second baseman (who became an all-star after they left the Mets) was on "Survivor:Philippines" (2012) . "I'm bitter and I'm ticked,” they told the Hollywood Reporter after being voted off the island.
David Ross -- The former Cubs catcher, who retired following the 2016 championship season, finished second with partner Lindsay Arnold on season 24 of “Dancing With the Stars” (spring 2017).
Users of the Facebook mobile app better prepare for a new annoyance: nonstop noise.
Facebook announced several new changes to its app this week, undoubtedly the most invasive of which is the fact that sound will automatically play with videos when users scroll past them.
Although the app has been autoplaying videos in the News Feed for a while, they were previously silenced unless the user tapped the video to turn the sound on. Now, the sound and video will play by default, unless the user has their device set to silent.
This means Facebook users need to be a little more careful about casually using the app in quiet places, or things might get awkward.
But the autoplay of both video and sound can be turned off in the Facebook app. We've got the simple instructions below.
For iPhone, iPad users:
TO TURN OFF AUTOMATIC SOUND:
In the Facebook app, go into preferences (click the bottom-right button that looks like three horizontal lines) Scroll down and tap SETTINGS, then ACCOUNT SETTINGS, then SOUNDS Tap the green switch that's labeled VIDEOS IN NEWS FEED START WITH SOUND to turn it off
TO TURN OFF AUTOMATIC VIDEOS:
In the Facebook app, go into preferences (click the bottom-right button that looks like three horizontal lines) Scroll down and tap SETTINGS, then ACCOUNT SETTINGS, then VIDEOS AND PHOTOS Tap AUTOPLAY, then select NEVER AUTOPLAY VIDEOS
For Android users:
TO TURN OFF AUTOMATIC SOUND:
In the Facebook app, go into preferences (click the button that looks like three horizontal lines) Scroll down and tap APP SETTINGS Tap the switch that's labeled VIDEOS IN NEWS FEED START WITH SOUND to turn it off
TO TURN OFF AUTOMATIC VIDEOS:
In the Facebook app, go into preferences (click the button that looks like three horizontal lines) Scroll down and tap APP SETTINGS Tap AUTOPLAY, then select NEVER AUTOPLAY VIDEOS
If you don't see the option to disable automatic sound or video, you may need to update your version of the Facebook app.
Clint Davis covers entertainment and trending news topics for the Scripps National Desk. Follow them on Twitter @MrClintDavis.
CINCINNATI (AP) - They're commiserating about "Black Sunday" in the chili parlors around town. And there's plenty of company in the city's latest sports misery.
They've seen this oh-so-many times.
No other city went into the NCAA Tournament with such pride and expectations. Xavier had the first No. 1 seed in its history. Cincinnati was a No. 2 with aspirations of a long-awaited run deep into March. They'd spent the last half of the season shoulder-to-shoulder in the AP Top 25 , finishing at No. 3 and No. 6.
Surely this would be a March to remember around town, right?
Instead, it added two more breathtaking meltdowns to the city's recent history of them.
Cincinnati matched the second-biggest collapse in NCAA Tournament history on Sunday, blowing a 22-point lead - 22 points! - in the last 11 minutes for a 75-73 loss to Nevada in Nashville. A few minutes later, Xavier took to the same court and blew a 12-point lead in the second half while losing to Florida State 75-70 .
All those folks who made the five-hour drive watched in horror as their dreams of a Sweet Cincinnati 16 turned sour in a few hours.
"You know, we don't lose too often around here," Cincinnati guard Jacob Evans III said. "So whenever we do lose, it's a shock."
It's not really shocking anymore. Cincinnati sports teams have excelled at pulling off the improbable postseason defeat for nearly a generation.
The Reds are the city's cherished team - baseball's first professional franchise, the one that produced Big Red Machine dominance in the 1970s. That was then. This is now: no National League pennant since a 1990 World Series title.
The Reds made the playoffs in 1995, beat the Dodgers and were swept by the Braves. That started a trend. The Reds haven't won a playoff series since. They were swept by the Phillies in 2010 - Roy Halladay no-hit them as an added indignity - and blew a 2-0 lead to the Giants while dropping their five-game series in 2012. They lost the NL wild-card game at Pittsburgh a year later, fired Dusty Baker and launched a rebuild that has produced three straight 90-loss seasons.
And then there are the Bengals. Don't get folks started on that one.
The Bengals blew a late lead in the 1988 season's Super Bowl as Joe Montana led San Francisco's now-legendary 92-yard drive and threw a touchdown pass with 34 seconds left. In 1990, they beat Houston in the first round - the Oilers, not the Texans - and lost to the Raiders in the next game.
They haven't won a playoff game since, the sixth-longest streak of futility in NFL history. They're 0-7 in the playoffs since 1990, all under Marvin Lewis. Carson Palmer got their left knee shredded on their first pass of a playoff loss to the Steelers in 2005. The Bengals lost five straight first-round playoff games from 2011-15.
The torment reached new depths during the 2015 season. Fans were dancing in the aisles at Paul Brown Stadium after the Bengals seemed to have a playoff victory over those rival Steelers in hand. Jeremy Hill fumbled while the Bengals were in field goal range to finish it off. Vontaze Burfict hit Antonio Brown in the head on an incomplete pass, moving the Steelers in range for a winning field goal with 14 seconds left.
They still talk about that one like it was yesterday.
Last season, the Bengals went to Nashville and lost 24-20 on Nov. 12. Burfict was ejected in that game for pushing an official's arm out of their way. The Bengals fell to 3-6, essentially scuttling yet another season.
Now, Cincinnati sports fans can add the NCAA Tournament double-whammy in Nashville to the list.
The Bearcats were determined to break their streak of five consecutive years failing to make it past the tournament's opening weekend. The Musketeers were hoping the first No. 1 seed in their history would be a springboard to the Final Four, a place they've never reached.
They're both back home, trying to get over that feeling the town knows so well.
"Obviously, tough loss for our group," Xavier coach Chris Mack said. "Pretty emotional ending, the finality of what I think is the greatest sporting event in our country."
___
AP Sports Writer Steve Megargee in Nashville, Tennessee, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Former North Texas head coach Darrell Dickey will be named Texas A&M's offensive coordinator, according to footballscoop.com.
Dickey has been the OC at Memphis since 2012. Jimbo Fisher was named the Aggies' head coach on Dec. 4. Fisher is currently piecing together their coaching staff.
They spent nine seasons as the head coach at North Texas (1998-2006), winning four consecutive Sun Belt Conference titles from 2001-04.
Sources: Texas A&M to hire Darrell Dickey as offensive coordinator https://t.co/dX2WotrWDG — FootballScoop Staff (@FootballScoop) December 11, 2017
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Dickey, 58, was born in Galveston, played quarterback at Kansas State and began their coaching career as a graduate assistant at Texas A&M in 1985. They were an assistant at Memphis from 1986-89 and had assistant stints at Mississippi State, LSU, UTEP and SMU before taking over the UNT program.
More Videos 2:29 In 90 Seconds: Most Unique Texas A&M Traditions Pause 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 1:32 Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 0:37 Suspects target multiple storage units in Blue Mound 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 1:23 Aledo defense smothers Richland 0:39 Police find two children and man dead inside North Richland Hills home Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
In 90 Seconds: Most Unique Texas A&M Traditions Aggies don't use pom-poms and they don't boo the opposing team, but they definitely have their own gameday rituals. Get to know Texas A&M's most unique traditions in just 90 seconds. In 90 Seconds: Most Unique Texas A&M Traditions Aggies don't use pom-poms and they don't boo the opposing team, but they definitely have their own gameday rituals. Get to know Texas A&M's most unique traditions in just 90 seconds. Lena Blietz lblietz@star-telegram.com
Two hours before Wednesday night's Suffolk Class A championship game, Ward Melville's players learned they had moved up to No. 1 in the nation, according to Inside Lacrosse. “Gave us a little extra juice,” Dylan Pallonetti said.
As if the Patriots needed more incentive. The defending state champions had lost only one game this season — to Half Hollow Hills East, their opponent Tuesday night. “We remembered that feeling when we lost to them and we came out with some fire,” Pallonetti said.
So a fired-up, juiced-up No. 1-seeded Ward Melville team shot the lights out, blitzing No. 3 Hills East, 14-5, to win their third straight county championship and 26th overall in 40 appearances in the title game.
Pallonetti scored five goals, Matt Grillo had three, faceoff whiz Mike Giaquinto won the first eight draws and 18 of 23 overall and Alex Mazzone led a defense that held the Thunderbirds to one second-half goal.
Ward Melville (18-1) will face Massapequa for the Long Island Class A championship on Saturday at 12:30 p.m. at Hofstra.
“Our game plan was to be unselfish on offense and move the ball. Look for one more pass,” coach Jay Negus said.
The Patriots were precise on all fronts. Giaquinto got the train moving with a clean faceoff win and goal to tie it at 1, sparking a 5-0 run. Pallonetti and Grillo also scored during that first-quarter burst.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
But the T-birds (15-4) showed some thunder, too. Mike Monitto scored twice, sandwiched around a goal by Brett Martin, as Hills East trailed only 5-4 after one quarter.
But Mazzone and Co. turned up the defense, forcing turnovers and limiting shots on goal. That, coupled with all those extra possessions courtesy of Giaquinto, was too much to overcome. Hills East's defenseman Mike Gomez scored an unassisted goal early in the third quarter to make it 7-5, but the Patriots answered with the last four goals of the third quarter and all three in the fourth.
“When we're clicking like that on offense, there's no better feeling,” said Grillo, who has scored 59 goals. “We're not dodging to get a shot but we're dodging to get open and look for someone else. We shot it very well tonight.”
Especially Pallonetti, a 49-goal scorer who hit from all angles — down the alley, left wing, right wing, high and low. “I'm usually picking a side to shoot at,” they said. “We were looking for each other and we hit our shots. It's fun playing in an offense like this.”
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and their cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In their December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
They described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
They said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
They said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
IT supplier to the golf industry Open Solutions has launched an offer for golf clubs in which they will receive a £1,000 discount if they upgrade to a fully integrated golf club management system.
“Save £1,000? Or improve your bottom line? With Open Solutions, you can do both,” said a spokesperson.
“Upgrade to our fully integrated golf club management system – from EPoS and tills to club members' app, and everything in between – and you'll get £1,000 off.”
Open Solutions has been investing heavily in its offering to golf clubs and, according to Adrian Dawson, club secretary at Woodcote Park Golf Club in Surrey, it is the best software solution available.
“To date, we've not seen anything that matches this capability, and that's got a lot to do with why we've kept Open Solutions for over 12 years,” they said. “The simple fact is that everything works, and does what we want it to.”
“We're helping more than 250 customers get what they want from our fully integrated business solutions for over 20 years,” added the spokesperson.
The offer ends September 30, 2018. To save your club £1,000, contact Open Solutions now on 01732 367 227 or info@opensolint.com
Visit www.opensolutionsinternational.com for more information.
Researchers at Lund University in Sweden have found that the presence of death receptors in the blood can be used to directly measure the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. "We see that people with known risk factors such as high blood sugar and high blood fats also have heightened death receptor levels", says Professor Jan Nilsson who led the study.
Death receptors are activated, for example, in the case of infections when white blood cells that have combatted a virus are to be removed. It was previously known that death receptors in the blood can be measured, but not whether an elevated level was linked to increased cell death in type 2 diabetes and arteriosclerosis.
The aim of the study was therefore to investigate whether "death receptors" could be used as a marker that could be linked to ongoing tissue damage and if this could be used to predict the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes.
The results show that increased cell death can be linked to increased levels in the blood of three different members of the same "death receptor family" (TNFR-1, TRAILR-2 and Fas).
Increased cell death is seen in type 2 diabetes as well as arteriosclerosis.
High blood sugar and blood fats (low levels of HDL, "the good cholesterol") subject the body's blood vessels and insulin-producing beta cells to stress. Long-term stress damages the cells and can cause the death receptors on the surface of the cell to trigger a cell suicide program within the cell.
"When the beta cells are damaged, the production of insulin decreases, which increases the risk of diabetes. The damage activates repair processes in the blood vessels. If these are not properly resolved, this usually leads to the development of plaque in the blood vessels (arteriosclerosis). The formation of cracks in this plaque is the primary cause of myocardial infarction and stroke", says Jan Nilsson.
The study also looked at the connections between different risk factors - age, BMI, blood fats, blood sugar and blood pressure - and the death receptors TNFR-1, TRAILR-2 and Fas in blood samples from 4 742 people who are part of the population study Malmö Diet Cancer.
Samples from the 1990s were compared with the risk of suffering from diabetes, heart attack and stroke in the coming 20 years.
The results show clear links between the level of death receptors in the blood and the different risk factors. High levels of death receptors were common in diabetics which indicates increased cell stress and risk of damage to different organs. Among non-diabetics, high levels of death receptors were linked with an increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. This indicates that the level of death receptors in the blood reflects the damage that the risk factors cause in different organs.
"On the other hand, we could not see that the level of death receptors is linked to the risk of developing cardiovascular disease among diabetics, which is a paradox. We don't yet really understand why, but it could be the case that the level of the biomarkers, i.e. death receptors, among diabetics is already very high", says Jan Nilsson.
The conclusion is that the presence of death receptors in the blood could be used as a measurement of ongoing tissue damage and to predict the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
"This indicates that we could at an early stage get an idea of whether treatment of risk factors reduces damage to beta cells and blood vessel walls by monitoring the death receptors in the blood", says Jan Nilsson.
"We hope that the markers can be used in future clinical studies or in the development of new drugs", says Ingrid Yao Mattisson, a doctoral student who has been very active in conducting the study.
###
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) — While the Seattle Seahawks started pulling starters late in the game to prepare for the playoffs next week, the focus for the San Francisco 49ers is already onto next season.
The Seahawks wrapped up a fifth-straight 10-win season by beating the 49ers 25-23 but missed a chance at a first-round bye when Atlanta won its game on Sunday.
With the Falcons leading big late, Seattle coach Pete Carroll pulled quarterback Russell Wilson and other key starters to make sure they are healthy and rested for the playoff opener next weekend against Detroit.
“I didn't know the situation with the Atlanta thing,” Wilson said. “I guess they took us all out once we figured out they won or were winning by a lot. I don't think it's a bad decision.
Advertisement
NFC West champion Seattle (10-5-1) will be the third seed and open the playoffs at home.
The 49ers (2-14) announced after the game that coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke had both been fired after the team matched the franchise record for losses in a season previously reached in 1978, '79 and 2004.
“When we lose like we did and have a season like we had, changes are made or can be made,” receiver Torrey Smith said. “That's from coaches to players. It's all of us. We were all a part of the problem. That's why our record is what it was.”
Here are some other takeaways from the game:
BOYKIN STEPS UP: With Wilson out, the Seahawks turned the game over to Trevone Boykin. The backup responded by converting a pair of third downs with Seattle protecting a two-point lead to help run out the clock.
“Trevone was able to get in there and do so well,” Wilson said. “That's an exciting thing for our football team. That was great.”
KAP'S FUTURE: Colin Kaepernick went 17 for 22 for 215 yards and a TD in a solid performance that could be their last with San Francisco. Kaepernick can opt out of their contract this offseason and become a free agent .
“There will be a lot of things that play into that and I'll have to really think about those things as this offseason approaches,” they said.
JUMP BALL: The Seahawks offense was struggling a bit before turning it around with two deep passes late in the second quarter. Doug Baldwin made a leaping grab of the first for a 41-yard gain that got the drive started. Jimmy Graham then boxed out safety Antoine Bethea at the goal line for a 42-yard grab that set up Thomas Rawls' 1-yard run that gave Seattle the lead for good at 19-14.
“We have a 7-foot-2 tight end that can jump out the roof so you want to give them a chance,” Wilson said. “Obviously it was a scramble. They went deep and made a great, great catch and boxed out the guy.”
QUICK CHANGE: The 49ers became the first team in nearly four decades to fire coaches in successive years after just one-year tenures. The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year. The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the following season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty that featured five Super Bowl titles.
“You want to build that camaraderie, know who you're going to work with every single day,” linebacker NaVorro Bowman said. “To be going with so many in such a short time is tough. You have to be a professional and understand that's part of this lifestyle.”
ROOKIE RUNNER: With starter Thomas Rawls trying to play through injuries, the Seahawks need some more help at running back. Rookie Alex Collins, who ran for just 70 yards the first 15 weeks, made a case for that role with seven carries for 55 yards.
“I come into the game with the mindset of whatever they want me to do, I'll do it,” they said. “Whether it be one, 10, 15 or 20 (carries), I'm just going to do it to the best of my ability.”
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the Fed's short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers. The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year but gave no hint of when that might occur.
The overarching message the Fed sent Wednesday was an upbeat one: It believes the U.S. economy is on firm footing as it enters its ninth year of recovery from the Great Recession, with little risk of a recession. Though the economy is growing only sluggishly and though inflation remains chronically below the Fed's 2 percent target, it foresees improvement in both measures over time.
And the most important pillar of the economy – the job market – remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent – even below the level the Fed associates with full employment.
The Fed's decision to raise rates, announced in a statement after its latest policy meeting, was approved 8-1, with Neel Kashkari, head of the Fed's Minneapolis regional bank, dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged.
The announcement that the Fed plans to begin paring its balance sheet later this year – “provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated” – involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds. The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion.
On Wednesday, the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced – an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process. This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates.
The Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $6 billion and $4 billion in mortgage bonds. Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $30 billion a month in Treasurys and $20 billion in mortgage bonds.
“With the Fed stating its intentions to start reducing the size of the balance sheet this year, it is offering a clear vote of confidence for the economy,” said Curt Long, chief economist of the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions.
The Fed also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it foresees one additional rate increase this year to follow Wednesday's increase and an earlier rate hike in March.
The rate forecast, based on individual projections from each member, envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019. By then, the Fed's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent. That's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate – neither stimulating growth nor restraining it.
But the Fed's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve. Some economists suggested that even though the Fed foresees one more rate hike this year, the persistently low inflation may lead it to leave rates alone until 2018. Some also note that political paralysis in Washington has raised doubts about whether Congress will increase the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget. That possibility, too, could lead the Fed to wait.
Another rate hike this year is “becoming less of a sure thing as every month of data comes out,” said Michael Dolega, senior economist at TD Economics. If inflation doesn't pick up, they said, the Fed will find that raising rates and reducing its balance sheet is “going to be a difficult maneuver.”
The Fed's revised forecasts reduced its estimate for unemployment by year's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent. Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent.
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent, up slightly from its March forecast, with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019. Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve through tax cuts, deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs.
The central bank updated its inflation projections to take account of a slowdown. It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year, down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent. The Fed still foresees prices, as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending, rising 2 percent in 2018 and 2019, achieving its target.
President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairperson's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “hawkish” stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, “doves” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Misstishin claims
3rd consecutive
Pigskin Picks title
Correspondent Jim Misstishin used a 6-0 final week to become the 2017 champion of the Republican-Herald's Pigskin Picks competition. It is Misstishin's third straight championship.
Misstishin and T-102 broadcaster Chaz Hepler entered the final week tied at 235-57, but Misstishin correctly picked Quaker Valley's 41-24 victory over Middletown in the PIAA Class 3A championship game for a 241-57 record, while Hepler took Middletown.
Hepler (240-58) finished second, followed by Republican-Herald Sports Editor Leroy Boyer (233-65), Republican-Herald sports writers Bob Lipsky (232-66), Charlie Roth (222-76) and Chuck Curley (221-77), Hazleton Standard-Speaker Sports Editor Dave Seamon (220-78) and Republican-Herald sports writer Mike Carnahan (209-89).
Blue Mountain's
Snesavage named to All-State squad
PINE GROVE — Blue Mountain senior setter Ashley Snesavage recently was named to the Pennsylvania Volleyball Coaches Association Class AAA All-State team for the second consecutive year.
Snesavage, who has amassed more than 2,500 career assists, led Blue Mountain to two straight Schuylkill League Division I championships and to the 2016 Schuylkill League crown.
Earlier this fall, Snesavage, a two-time first-team honoree on the Republican-Herald All-Area team, was selected to the District 11 Class AAA All-Star team. They also are named the Schuylkill League Division I Player of the Year.
Schuylkill League
to hold symposium
for winter athletes
The Schuylkill League will offer a leadership symposium to athletes involved in a winter sport Thursday, Dec. 14, from 9-11 a.m. at Penn State Schuylkill campus.
Featured speakers are Dr. Frank D'Angelo, professor of education at Bloomsburg University and District 11 officials representative; Dr. Megan Cannon, sports psychologist, Mind of the Athlete; and Joe Godri, director of athletics, Penn State Schuylkill.
The leadership symposium is a continuation of last year's event.
The Student Council or student government is a group of students who help make up some of the rules in our school. They have also helped with fundraising and giving suggestions to the school staff.
You have to run for a position on the student council. Candidates make up posters telling others about themselves. The posters can say some ideas they might have for the kids in the school to follow. There are five main positions: president, vice president, treasurer, social chairperson and historian.
On the day the students vote, the candidates give a speech. They will talk about their ideas on how to make our school a better place. They will also let the students know about fundraising plans they might have and, of course, why other kids should vote for them. We get the election results quickly, and then the term on the student government begins.
If you don't have this in your school, you should get a student government. You can bring your ideas to the faculty and staff and let them know the concerns you and other students may have. After all, it is your school — why not make it the best place it can be?
Last week, Cyclone Linda produced throaty, sizable tubes for the competitors in the final rounds of the Quik and Roxy Pros. If you tuned in to the event's last day, you saw Kirra firing on all cylinders, producing A+ conditions for the likes of Julian Wilson, Griffin Colapinto, Lakey Peterson, et al. But Linda worked their magic all over Australia's eastern shores, including the otherworldly sand bank featured in the video above. In the newest episode of “Happily Stoked,” Sebastian Zietz, Sheldon Simkus, Josh Kerr and Soli Bailey snuck away from the contest arena and found themselves weaving through azure vortices. Press play and watch Seabass and Co. scoring just about as hard as humanly possible, courtesy of Linda.
Seymour Glanzer, a lawyer whose five decades of practice ranged from the prosecution of the original Watergate break-in defendants to the defense of the American convicted in the Washington, D.C., car-bomb attack that killed former Chilean ambassador Orlando Letelier, died April 3 at a hospital in Washington. They were 91.
The cause was heart ailments, said a daughter, Judy Slate.
Glanzer was an assistant U.S. attorney and had more than a decade of federal legal experience dismantling business scams and frauds when they became one of three prosecutors of the initial Watergate defendants.
In their 11 months in that role, they helped win convictions or guilty pleas from all seven of the men charged in the 1972 break-in at Democratic National Committee headquarters. The men, linked to the Nixon White House, were attempting to plant eavesdropping devices at the DNC offices located at the Watergate building complex.
After the first Watergate trial, Glanzer participated in the investigation of the “cover-up conspiracy,” which led to the indictments of Nixon Attorney General John Mitchell, Chief of Staff H.R. Haldeman, White House counsel John Dean and presidential aide John D. Ehrlichman. The fallout from the prosecution ultimately led to the resignation of President Richard M. Nixon in August 1974.
As a Watergate prosecutor, The New York Times reported that Glanzer had a “reputation as a ‘buzz saw' when interrogating a witness.” One friend told the paper that they were so thorough in their prosecutorial preparation that they “never goes into a courtroom without the handcuffs ready.”
In 1974, Glanzer became a partner in the law firm of what is now Dickstein Shapiro and maintained their affiliation with the firm until their death. Their clients included Frank Fitzsimmons, who succeeded the imprisoned James R. Hoffa as leader of the Teamsters union; and Michael V. Townley, a U.S. citizen accused of conspiring with Chile's secret police to assassinate Letelier.
Letelier had served as a diplomat and foreign minister under Chile's Marxist leader Salvador Allende, who was ousted in a military coup in 1973, and was an outspoken opponent of the coup leader turned dictator Augusto Pinochet.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
On Sept. 21, 1976, Letelier and an American co-worker, Ronni Moffitt, who was riding with him, were killed when their car exploded — at the time, one of the first terrorists acts committed on U.S. soil.
Glanzer negotiated with prosecutors an agreement that, in exchange for a guilty plea and a promise of cooperation with the government, Townley would be immune from further prosecution and would serve a minimum prison sentence.
After serving 62 months in prison for the murder conspiracy, Townley was paroled in 1983 and placed in the federal witness protection program. They testified for the government in the prosecution of other conspirators involved in the Letelier bombing and was granted immunity from extradition to Argentina, where they were wanted in another car-bombing murder.
Glanzer said little on the record about their role in the Townley-Letelier case other than the observation that “a lawyer's job is to handle hot potatoes, and some potatoes are hotter than others.”
Seymour Glanzer was born in New York on May 22, 1926. During World War II, they served in the Army in the Philippines. In their youth, their passion was for clarinet and saxophone, but, after graduating in 1956 from Juilliard music school in Manhattan, they realized their musical ambition exceeded their talent. Four years later, they obtained a degree from New York Law School.
They became a lawyer for the Securities and Exchange Commission before joining the U.S. attorney's Washington office, rising to chief of the anti-fraud section. They specialized in white-collar crime, tax and antitrust cases, financial fraud, and home repair and improvement scams in which low-income homeowners were swindled.
They won guilty pleas and jail sentences of four men who were accused of defrauding the Navy of $4 million in a defense contracting scheme in which they tried to conceal the money in secret Swiss bank accounts. They won a case to compel manufacturers of dietetic ginger ale to get sugar out of their products, in an effort to protect diabetic customers.
In 1957 they married a Julliard contemporary, Rita Preisman, a pianist. In addition to their wife, of Washington, survivors include two children, Steve Glanzer of San Francisco and Judy Slate of Bozeman, Montana; and four grandchildren.
What impact will the Trump administration have on feds? Read the latest in our First 100 Days section.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Southeast Division W L Pct GB Washington 14 12 .538 — Miami 12 13 .480 1½ Orlando 11 17 .393 4 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ Central Division W L Pct GB Cleveland 19 8 .704 — Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ Chicago 5 20 .200 13 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ Northwest Division W L Pct GB Minnesota 16 11 .593 — Denver 14 12 .538 1½ Portland 13 12 .520 2 Utah 13 14 .481 3 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 3 Pacific Division W L Pct GB Golden State 21 6 .778 — L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TOKYO (AP) — Japan's ruling coalition pushed a contentious bill through parliament Thursday that makes it a crime to plan a crime.
The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the new law, which criminalizes the planning of 277 serious crimes, is needed to prevent terrorism, especially with the Olympics coming to Tokyo in 2020.
Opponents warned that authorities could use the legislation to limit free speech and public protests.
Abe told reporters after the vote that the government wants to use the law in a proper and effective way to protect people's lives and property.
Advertisement
A sizeable crowd protested outside parliament as upper house lawmakers hotly debated the bill Wednesday. Opposition parties used delaying tactics, with the jockeying continuing into the early morning hours.
In the end, the upper house approved the bill after the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its coalition partner Komeito took the unusual step of bypassing committee approval, which normally precedes a vote by the full house.
The more powerful lower house passed the bill last month. At the time, opposition lawmakers in a lower house committee tried to rip documents from the hands of the chairperson to prevent a committee vote.
The U.N. special rapporteur on the right to privacy, Joseph Cannataci, sent an open letter to Abe in May raising concerns over the bill. The letter expressed “serious concern” that the bill could affect the right to privacy and other freedoms if broadly applied.
Yoshihide Suga, the chief cabinet secretary of Abe's government, called the concerns “utterly incorrect.”
Qualcomm prematurely announced the new ZenFone AR on Monday - ahead of its official unveiling during Asus' event at CES.
Evleaks quickly followed Qualcomm's slip up with front and back press shots of the upcoming smartphone, which is being marketed as the second handset to support Google's Tango platform. The first phone, the Lenovo PHAB2 Pro, was announced in June. Tango-equipped devices can leverage augmented reality, 3D mapping, and more - as the software basically adds a virtual layer to the smartphone's camera.
According to Qualcomm's press release, which GSMArena spotted after it was presumably posted early, the ZenFone AR will not only come with Tango but also Daydream VR support, allowing it to take advantage of Google's new mobile VR platform. It will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 processor as well. Specs, pricing, and other availability details weren't revealed in any of these new leaks.
However, we should know more soon. Asus has an event scheduled for 4 January at the annual Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Pocket-lint will be there to bring you the latest as it happens.
Nearsightedness among children is going up around the world and a recent study has found the rate to be six per cent among Canadian children aged six to eight, and 28.9 per cent among those between 11 and 13.
Untreated myopia can lead to vision loss
“It is something that does raise concerns,” says Mike Yang, a researcher at the University of Waterloo and lead author of this study from its Centre for Ocular Research & Education.
“With nearsightedness, it's not only that there's blurry vision in the distance but also, in the long run, with high prescriptions…that increases the risk of retinal detachment and glaucoma and a number of retinal degenerations later on in life.” These can lead to significant vision loss later in life.
Why is not clear
This research found that among the children studied, those who spent one hour more per week outdoors than did others had a 14 per cent lower risk of being myopic. It's not clear why this is. It could have to do with the brighter light outside or the bigger field of vision. This finding leads researchers to recommend that children spend at least one hour a day outdoors.
Other studies have led to recommendations that screen time be limited to one hour per day for school aged children and, for those under age four, less than a half hour per day or no screen time at all.
Trade screen time for outdoor time, recommend researchers
This is difficult to manage in Canada as smart phones become ubiquitous and children are increasingly required to do homework on tablets or laptops.
Get eyes checked yearly, recommends researcher
The study also found that 30 per cent of children who were myopic did not report vision problems. This is important because nearsightedness must be treated early to limit long-term damage to the eyes. Yang concludes children under 19 years old should have yearly eye examinations starting at the age of six months.
The study was published in the journal Eye.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A crash involving multiple vehicles is blocking lanes on Miramar Road in the University City area.
The crash was reported shortly after 8 p.m. on Miramar Road near Interstate 805, according to San Diego police.
No other information was immediately available.
Check back for updates on this developing story.
Every time a diplomat opens their or their mouth to speak on our internal affairs, as British High Commissioner, Holly Tett and Germany Ambassador Jürgen Borsch are doing in the lead story of this edition, it leaves a bitter after-taste in us.
It is the patriot in us that tells us that Malawi is an independent nation that at 54 years of age, they should be able to conduct their business free from the interference of other nations as we guard our sovereignty.
The only flaw in this argument is that Malawi and its leaders have not acted as an independent state driven to do anything in the best interest of its all 17 million Malawians.
On the contrary the leaders in question have promoted narrow partisan interests meant only to perpetuate their hold on power and electoral reform bills that Parliament rejected in December last year is a classic example.
It is difficult to argue with Tett when they say: “UK recognises and values the independence of Parliament as an institution that makes laws. We regret however that, following our investment in the process, a full debate on the bills did not take place in the last parliamentary session we remain hopeful that the bills that were returned back to Ministry of Justice and Constitutional Affairs will be reviewed and brought back for debate in parliament.”
It is equally difficult to tear apart Borsch's words when they say the collapse of the bills was a missed opportunity because it was.
They add: “After the elections of 2014 the government requested development partners to financially support the reflection on lessons learnt and thereafter the elaboration of reform proposals for the next elections…Electoral reforms are always controversial and need a thorough discussion, I think it is a missed opportunity that this discussion did not take place in Parliament as expected and the bills were sent back without discussion.”
The reason why we are unable to argue against the two diplomats is that while they are diplomatic not to say it, the message is they do not understand how a nation can hold shambolic elections in 2014, ask them to help in reforms to correct it and then a ruling party connives with some opposition MPs to reject the same.
But we are not surprised. We have leaders who think about themselves and based on short term myopic vision.
Simply put, the DPP administration conspired against the people of Malawi to reject sensible electoral bills because it thought, they would demolish its perceived advantage based on warped tribal and regional thinking.
This has been the disease in Malawi and it is solely responsible for all our lack of progress in anything.
Any nation needs progress in any human endeavor. For Malawi it is not happening because those entrusted with power do not look at national interests but their own.
The electoral reform bills were a chance to clean up a bad electoral system for the progress of the nation but the chance went begging.
Source link
The broadcast networks have nearly 20 shows debuting this fall, including ABC's Ten Days with Kyra Sedgwick, NBC's look at Brave heroes and CBS' chronicles of a Young Sheldon. To help you prep for it all, TVLine is offering First Impressions of the not-for-review pilots.
Next up on our list….
THE SHOW | The Gifted (Mondays at 9/8c, premiering Oct. 2)
THE COMPETITION | ABC's Dancing With the Stars, NBC's The Voice, CBS' Kevin Can Wait/Me, Myself & I/Superior Donuts and The CW's Valor
RELATED Read Our First Impressions of ABC's Ten Days in the Valley, CBS' S.W.A.T., The CW's Dynasty, NBC's The Brave and More
THE CAST | Stephen Moyer (True Blood), Amy Acker (Person of Interest), Natalie Alyn Lind (The Goldbergs), Percy Hynes White (Between), Sean Teale (Reign), Jamie Chung (Once Upon a Time), Emma Dumont (Bunheads), Blair Redford (Satisfaction) and Coby Bell (Burn Notice)
THE SET-UP | When young Andy Strucker and their sister Lauren (played by White and Lind) are outed as mutants, they and their parents must go on the run from Agent Jace Turner (Bell) and their Sentinel Services team. To that end, they must entrust an underground mutant network whose members include Thunderbird, Polaris, Eclipse and Blink.
RELATED Fall TV Poll: Which New Shows Are YOU Most Looking Forward To?
THE FIRST IMPRESSION | The fall's most-anticipated new drama (per a TVLine poll), The Gifted grabs you from go, marrying an instantly engaging premise with some rather slick visual effects. (The “invisible” barriers that Lauren thrusts into people's paths, as well as Blink's handmade teleportation “portals,” are rendered in especially cool ways.) The dynamics and powers within the mutant underground are quickly and clearly established, as are the relationships among the Struckers. Yes, Marvel's X-Men are referenced… as having gone off the grid, thus leaving these non-marquis mutants to fend for themselves against formidable, perhaps-reprehensible government foes.
The pilot alone packs at least two significant plot twists, including one that closes the hour before the screen abruptly (and frustratingly!) cuts to black.
The cast is across-the-board solid, no easy feat with an ensemble this size and with uniformly telegenic resistance members that could have easily come off as interchangeable, yet emerge as distinct and relatable.
RELATED Fall TV Schedule: What's on When? And Versus What?
THE TVLINE BOTTOM LINE | It'd be great to see Fox have an unqualified first-year student hit here, but those Dancing “stars” and Voice singers famously suck up a lot of the night's oxygen. Even so, leading out of an increasingly buzzy Lucifer, Fox should see an improvement over Monday's previous Gotham/Lucifer combo.
Watch the trailer for The Gifted, then vote in our poll below.
The British have form in appropriating the dishes – as well as the resources – of their colonies: think curry and chow mein. But it is a beguiling melange of smoky, salty fish, spiced rice and hard-boiled eggs that is possibly the greatest gift from the Anglo-Indian entanglement to our breakfast tables today.
According to “Larousse Gastronomique”, what we call kedgeree originated from a concoction of spiced lentils, rice, fried onions and ginger known as khichiri dating back to the 14th century and eaten across India. The early colonists developed a taste for it, as it reminded them of nursery food. Both khichiri and fish became mainstays of the Raj breakfast table and, in time, their Indian cooks integrated the two. Eggs, believed to have been introduced to the Indian kitchen repertoire by conquering Mughals centuries earlier, were later added as a garnish. When the dish travelled back to Edwardian country homes, via letters and regiments, the lentils were usually left out and flaked smoked haddock added in (the Scots take credit for this). Florence Nightingale and Queen Victoria were especially partial to kedgeree.
The recipe is infinitely flexible; it can be heady and spicy, or mild and comforting, made with salmon, as Camellia Punjabi of Chutney Mary in London advocates, or with roasted pumpkin for vegetarians. The fish can be poached in water, in fish stock or in milk; the eggs hard-boiled or poached. But what makes a workaday kedgeree into a bravura breakfast is the spicing; get that right and you've cracked it.
Boil basmati rice and add it to an onion that's been sautéed in lashings of butter. Then it's spice time: while curry powder is commonly used, a proper garam masala – freshly tempered cumin, cardamom and fennel seeds, peppercorns, cloves, a pinch of turmeric, grated nutmeg and saffron, all ground in a pestle and mortar – lifts the kedgeree to another level. Mix the rice and fish together gently, adding a little more milk if necessary for a creamy and luxurious texture, then top with eggs and a sprinkling of chopped parsley. It's a dish fit for viceroys.
August 14, 2017 marked the third year since Cascade County Deputy Sheriff Joseph Dunn died of injuries they suffered after being hit by a car driven by Adam Sanchez Junior during a high speed chase.
During the high speed pursuit in 2014 Dunn was placing stop strips on the highway when they were hit by the vehicle.
The 33 year old left behind a wife and two children that day. Undersheriff Stevens said it never gets easier, and it will never be the same.
"There's not a day that goes by that we don't think about Joe and their family we have a plaque by the back door. Actually coming and going to work it's the first and last thing you see is Joe's face. so they will never be forgotten. It was one of the lowest... worst days of my career and they will never be forgotten," said Stevens.
The man who hit Dunn, Adam Sanchez Junior, was denied their appeal in the case and he'll continue to serve their life sentence with no chance of parole.
Stevens said with the recent loss of the Sheriff's Deputy in Broadwater County earlier this year, every officer is aware higher danger on the job.
"You didn't see the amount of violence 20 years ago that you do today you could go to a call now and every body there may have a gun that wasn't like that 20 years ago its a more violent world than it was 20 years ago," said Stevens.
But they said when they put on the badge it means they are willing to sacrifice everything for the community they are part of.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Chicago Cubs have drafted Chris Singleton, whose mother was among those killed two years ago during the shooting inside a South Carolina church.
Singleton was selected Wednesday by the defending World Series champions with the final pick of the 19th round, No. 585 overall.  They are a right-handed-hitting center fielder at Charleston Southern University.
The outfielder's mother, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, was one of nine people killed by Dylann Roof on June 17, 2015, during a Wednesday night Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in downtown Charleston, South Carolina, one of the South's first African-American churches.
Coleman-Singleton, who was 45, was a track coach at Goose Creek High School.
In a news release detailing the amateur draft, Major League Baseball says Chris Singleton was honored by the New York Yankees during the team's annual HOPE Week in 2015, “following their courageous response to the tragic shooting inside a Charleston, South Carolina church that claimed the life of their mother.”
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — South Carolina guard Sindarius Thornwell was reinstated to the team Monday after missing the past six games because of an unspecified violation of athletic department policy.
The 6-foot-5 senior will be available when the Gamecocks open Southeastern Conference play at Georgia on Wednesday night.
Coach Frank Martin and athletic director Ray Tanner reviewed Thornwell's situation and decided they could return.
Thornwell was the team's leading scorer and rebounder when they were suspended before South Carolina's game with Florida International on Dec. 4. At the time, the Gamecocks (10-3) were undefeated and ranked in the Top 25. They have gone 3-3 since, including a loss last Friday night at Memphis, and have fallen out of the rankings.
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in shooting in Las Vegas is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million. Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo. However, many are questioning exactly how the money will be put into the hands of those who need it most?
Commissioner Sisolak said the idea to start a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations. It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed.
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
READ MORE: Stories about the Las Vegas victims
At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage. GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world. That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000 dollars.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown. Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
If you'd rather not use GoFundMe, you can send a check to the “Las Vegas Victims' Fund” at the following address:
Steve Sisolak
Clark County
500 S. Grand Central Parkway
Las Vegas, NV 89155
Sheriff's Office
Las Vegas Victim's Fund
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department
400 S. Martin L. King Blvd.
Las Vegas, NV 89106
A soldier has described hearing the crack of gunfire and a round whizzing past their head moments before another soldier was shot dead during a training exercise.
Lance Corporal Matthew Linacre told a court martial that other soldiers nearby said "f*** that was close" before realising that Ranger Michael Maguire had been fatally shot in the head.
The soldiers, who were members of the 1st Battalion, Royal Irish Regiment, were taking part in an exercise at the Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire in May 2012.
Rgr Maguire, 21, from County Cork, Ireland, was shot in the forehead by a round fired from a GPMG machine gun.
Cpl Linacre said they and other soldiers, including Rgr Maguire, were in a rest area getting their kit together to leave when they heard a shot ring out.
"There was a distinctive crack and round going past my head," they told the court.
"They were commenting on how close it was. A few were like 'f*** that was close'."
They told the court another nearby soldier said: "F*** he's been shot in the head."
Cpl Linacre said they turned around and saw the soldier lying on the floor with a wound to their head, while others shouted: "Man down."
"More rounds came over. Sgt Pankhurst said to take cover behind the vehicles," Cpl Linacre said.
"Once I ran over to the lorry I turned around and saw two corporals treating Rgr Maguire."
Cpl Linacre said that at the time of the incident they and Rgr Maguire were not wearing their helmets or body armour.
Two officers and a sergeant are facing court martial in Bulford, Wiltshire, in connection with the soldier's death.
Captain Jonathan Price, 32, now of the 2nd Battalion, Royal Irish, is accused of the manslaughter by gross negligence of Rgr Maguire through their failure to set up and supervise a safe exercise.
The prosecution allege they failed to attend a recce of the range when preparing a Range Action Safety Plan (Rasp), that they placed targets too close together and they failed to "deconflict" the two exercises.
Lieutenant Colonel Richard Bell, 45, and Warrant Officer Stuart Pankhurst, 40, are both accused of negligently performing a duty.
Lt Col Bell, the senior planning officer, is accused of failing to review or counter-sign the Rasp produced by Capt Price and failing to supervise or support him.
Staff Sgt Pankhurst, who was supervising the exercise involving Rgr Maguire in area 10A, is accused of failing to "express any caution or concern" despite having attended the recce and having knowledge of the extent of the adjacent shooting in area 10B.
All three defendants deny the charges and the trial before a board of seven senior officers continues.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died at the age of 60 following a long illness, their family has said.
The star, best known for hosting children's game show Cheggers Play Pop, died at home after battling a progressive lung condition.
Who was Keith Chegwin?
The TV star was most famous for hosting children's game show Cheggers Plays Popo and Multi Coloured Swap Shop with their ex-wife Maggie Philbin and Noel Edmonds.
Affectionately known as Cheggers, they were never shy about coming forward. Donning nothing but a hat, the TV star hosted The Naked Jungle, a quiz show for naturists.
Chegwin also hosted a Channel Five re-launch of It's a Knockout between 1999 and 2001.
They also made a name for themselves in the Celebrity Big Brother House in 2015, where they opened up about their battle with alcoholism, when they came fourth on the show.
Chegwin also starred in Ricky Gervais's Extras where they played a parody version of himself.
Chegwin embraced reality TV and as well as their Big Brother appearance they appeared on Dancing on Ice and Celebrity Masterchef.
A statement from their family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by their side."
They added: "We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
"Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn their passing in private."
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Posted 7 hours ago
Parties are no specialists in conducting elections. Nominations are a tricky exercise to conduct but that gives political parties no excuse to abait
Dear Carrie Fisher,
You are strong, incredible woman.
I only came to know you and your work a couple of years ago, and how I wish I had known it sooner to have had longer to appreciate all of the incredible things you've done – from Star Wars, to screenplays, to your openness about your struggles with addiction and mental illness.
You were so much more than Princess Leia and General Organa. You showed women that they could be the ones to save themselves. You taught us that we could be strong, badass and that being surrounded by men doesn't make you any less strong or badass, less of a human, less of an actor – less of anything. In your passing, you have given us an opportunity to reflect on how you made the word ‘princess' less fragile and helpless, and how you made ‘general' even more of a powerful word.
You were the princess who saved herself, strong during adversity. The literal chains that bound you strangled the physical manifestation of the patriarchy, of the revolting Jabba who had tied you up and dressed you in an outfit that you hated, both as a character and as a person.
Not only are your acting roles iconic, but you spoke out so much about addiction and mental illness. Your one-woman show and your Wishful Drinking memoir told of your battle with prescription drugs and cocaine, and your experience living with bipolar disorder. You didn't shy away from talking about this – instead, you understood that those experiences shaped you and made you the person you were, and you persevered. Support was given from you to so many other causes, from animal rights to LGBT+, and you made several financial contributions to AIDS and HIV charities.
It would have been very easy for you to have talked about the issues that had affected you with self-pity and a “Why me?” attitude. Instead, you remained strong and persevered, even when you were discussing your self-loathing there was never a drop of pity to your tone. You approached the serious topics with humour, but never disrespect. You were a woman who was outspoken about their body issues and sense of self, and even though you were heralded as a sex icon in Hollywood during your youth, you were consistently outspoken about the struggles women in Hollywood face. You maintained a strong exterior and showed us that life is too short to let yourself be defined by your negative experiences.
You weren't afraid to stand up for those who needed it – the story about you personally delivering a cow's tongue in a Tiffany box to a predatory producer with a note saying “If you ever touch my darling Heather or any other woman again, the next delivery will be something of yours in a much smaller box,” is such a Fisher story, and women across the world are so thankful for your constant championing of our rights and for not letting abuse just happen under your nose, especially in an industry where it is all too common.
Also, I really enjoyed working out what your tweets were when I was on radio. It was a fun segment.
May the force be with you.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRIGHTON, Mich. -- A Michigan auto dealership posted a sign discouraging people from giving money to a panhandler after managers said they offered them a job – and they turned it down.
A sign displayed on a car at the Honda dealership was created as a public service announcement, according to WDIV.
It reads:
"Please do not give anything to this panhandler. We offered them a full-time job at $10 per hour. They said, 'I make more than any of you,' and they did not want the job. Please donate to a more worthy cause."
Workers at the Honda dealership declined to comment on camera, but there were plenty of comments on social media. The sign and its message went viral.
"It's a scam," Brighton resident Dan Golem told WDIV. "People like me, people like you, we're working trying to provide for our families, and they're just standing there."
Felicia Tubbs, who works at the Shell Gas Station across the street, said they took pizza to the car dealership employees.
"I don't like them standing there. No one else does, either. I think it's great that the dealership put some effort into trying to get rid of them," Tubbs told WDIV.
For over a year, they said a duo of panhandlers would stand at the road with signs saying, "Homeless, please help." Drivers knew them and described them as a father and son.
"At first, you feel bad for them," a driver said. "But then it's day after day, week after week."
Police got involved Tuesday, June 13th, and arrested the pair, according to WDIV.
Tubbs told the station they saw the same men asking for money shortly after the arrest. They said they snapped the picture of the men with a new sign that reads, "You can't afford a one-bedroom apartment on $10 per hour." The other one reads, "The median income in Livingston County is $70,000."
Michigan State Police troopers said two people were arrested for vagrancy and disorderly conduct. Their names weren't released because they haven't been charged.
The sign at the dealership has been taken down.
The younger brother of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooter was arrested Monday after they were allegedly seen trespassing on the school grounds.
Zachary Cruz was arrested and charged with trespassing on school grounds, according to the online Broward County Sheriff's database. They posted a $25 bond.
The 18-year-old was seen skateboarding through the school by security cameras at about 4:30 p.m. despite receiving warnings from school officials to stay off the campus, a police report said according to the Associated Press.
Cruz told authorities they were there to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in,” the wire reported.
They allegedly went past the campus' locked doors and gates, according to The Washington Post.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Their 19-year-old brother, Nikolas Cruz, is in custody and is being held without bond. They have not entered a plea after being charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder — one for each person they allegedly killed.
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel announced in February that Nikolas was a former student of the school who was expelled for disciplinary reasons.
They said 12 people were killed within the school building, two people were killed just outside the building, one person was killed on a nearby street corner and two people died in the hospital.
• For more compelling True Crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
According to the AP, jail records for Zachary did not list an attorney.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Moderate use of Facebook may help make adults with autism happier, a new study suggests.
Researchers found that happiness among adults with autism increased with Facebook use, but only up to a certain point.
The researchers also said their results can't be generalized to overall use of social media, because the use of Twitter did not boost happiness.
The study was led by Deborah Ward, from Fielding Graduate University in Santa Barbara, Calif., and was published recently in the journal Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking.
"Some studies report that up to 50 percent of adults with [autism] have co-occurring social anxiety disorder. Facebook may provide a safe starting point for training and refinement of conversational skills," said journal Editor-in-Chief Brenda Wiederhold. She's with the Interactive Media Institute in San Diego and the Virtual Reality Medical Institute in Brussels, Belgium.
"Increased self-confidence in one's abilities may lead to eventual translation of these new skill sets into improved face-to-face interactions," they said in a journal news release.
In the study, more than 100 adults with autism were asked about their use of social media, and then they filled out a questionnaire designed to measure happiness levels.
Those who preferred to use Facebook showed greater happiness than those who did not, while the same did not hold true for Twitter users.
The study didn't prove Facebook was the direct cause of happiness; it could only show an association.
Being able to use Facebook to interact with other people, instead of having to do so face-to-face, may help protect against mental health problems associated with autism, such as depression, according to the researchers.
More information
The Autism Society has more on autism.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCE: Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking, news release, March 12, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NORTHUMBERLAND COUNTY — Family members are safe after helping each other escape flames at their home in Delaware Township.
The home on Route 405 near Watsontown went up just before ten Monday night.
The chief tells Newswatch 16 everyone inside, along with their dog, got out safely. Investigators will be back later on Tuesday to look for what sparked the flames in Northumberland County.
The facade of the Bank of Spain building is pictured through a window of a car in downtown Malaga, southern Spain, April 1, 2016. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
MADRID The Bank of Spain said on Thursday it expected consumer price rises, which hit four-year highs at the beginning of the year, to ease through 2017 as the effect of high oil prices wears off.
"The evolution of oil prices through 2016, which affects the energy component of consumer prices, largely explains the rise in annual prices in the first few months of 2017, and so a slow down is expected for the rest of the year," the Bank said.
Inflation was expected to hold below 1.5 percent in 2018, the central bank said.
(Reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Sonya Dowsett)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Poundland is a treasure trove for bargain hunters and the go-to play for fancy dress and novelty gifts.
The budget store was founded in 1990 with almost all of its products costing £1.
The shop, which has branches across Gloucestershire, is known for it's variety selling everything from clothes to sex toys.
It's all a bit random in there so our friends at the Liverpool Echo took a look inside to find out the most surprising things you can pick up in-store.
Flamingo rubber rings
Make up
Poundland also sell a range of make up including lip stick, concealer and more.
Real Techniques makeup brushes - which usually retail at around £9.99 - are also being sold by the budget retailer for £2
Jeggings
Poundland rolled out their own fashion brand Pep&Co this year.
Prices for products start at £1, with 95% of the range at £10 or less.
Jeggings start at £7.
And other clothing such as joggers and pyjamas
There isn't just jeggings on offer - Pep&Co also stocks clothes mens clothes such as joggers and hoodies and pyjamas and slippers for children from £3.
Unicorn pinata
Sex toys and Viagra-style pills
Alongside the cut price paracetamol and cold and flu tablets customers will now be able to pick up Viagra-like tablets.
The budget variety store has a new sex toy and Viagra range for men and women.
Poundland's £1 bullet vibrator is a ‘best-seller' and they're now sell love rings, lubricants and ‘finger fun stimulators' too.
Fish bowl cocktail glass
You'd usually see them abroad or in a swanky cocktail bar - but Poundland is selling fish bowl cocktail glasses for £1.
Bacon
There are fridges which stock anything from bacon to cheese.
Compost
Fancy a bit of gardening? Poundland has you covered.
Gardening gear
If you need some pots and tools to go alongside your compost there is a whole gardening section with everything from gloves to potted flowers and hanging baskets.
DVDs and CDs
All your favourite blockbusters for £1.
Baby food
Bowls, spoons and a whole range of baby food is available alongside wipes, bibs and more.
Gin drinking game
It's like beer pong - but with gin.
Snorkeling set
Alongside the sand castle set and children's toys you can find a snorkeling set.
Hen Party accessories
From props to games - everything you'll need if you are planning a Hen Party.
Novelty chest
We're not sure about this one .... fancy dress maybe?
Sunglasses
These Ray Ban-style sunglasses can be found nestled in between aisles.
Toilet basket ball
Poundland have a Fathers Day range that includes mugs, a beer bucket and....a toilet basket ball.
Hair dye
Looking for a change? Maybe you fancy trying a new hair colour? Well, in Poundland you can try five new colours for £5 as hair dyes and tints are available for £1.
DIY products
Everything from paint brushes to cables and screwdrivers - it's the dream of any DIY fan.
MADRID (AP) — The Latest on Spain's political crisis amid Catalonia's push for independence (all times local):
2:45 p.m.
Spain's government has approved a decree that would make it easier for companies in Catalonia to move the location of their official registration out of the region.
The move will allow the relocation of Caixabank, Spain's third largest bank by assets, before next week, when separatist authorities in Catalonia want to declare independence. Caixabank's board is due to meet Friday to discuss the issue.
At least half a dozen companies, including the fifth-largest lender, Banco Sabadell, have already relocated or agreed to do so.
The moves have no immediate effect on jobs or company assets, but are seen as a blow to the Catalan government.
Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said: “This is the result of an irresponsible policy that is causing uneasiness in the business community.”
___
2:10 p.m.
Spain's main stock index is down slightly, with Catalan banks leading losses amid uncertainty over the region's independence bid.
The Ibex 35 index lost 0.9 percent to 10.126 points in Madrid by midday Friday.
The biggest fallers were Banco Sabadell, the country's fifth-largest bank by assets, and Caixabank, Spain's third-largest. Sabadell said Thursday it would move its base out of Catalonia, and executives at Caixabank are due to discuss Friday a similar move.
Two Catalan companies, textiles maker Dogi and reprographics company Service Point Solutions, saw their shares surge after they said they had plans to relocate. Cava-maker Freixenet, a household name, is also considering a move while telecommunications provider Eurona and biotech firm Oryzon already completed their relocations.
The moves are largely symbolic, with no immediate effect on jobs or company assets in Catalonia, but are seen as a blow to the Catalan government's secession hopes.
___
1:45 p.m.
The head of Catalonia's National Assembly has called for dialogue and a political solution to the crisis in Spain over a disputed independence referendum
Jordi Sanchez spoke after appearing at Spain's National Court in Madrid as part of a sedition investigation.
They said that the international community was highlighting the need for dialogue and the Catalan government has shown that it's open to this without renouncing the results of the Oct. 1 referendum in which Catalan officials say voters overwhelmingly chose independence. Spain says the referendum was illegal, invalid and unconstitutional.
Sanchez said that “I ask strongly that the Spanish government, the national parliament and the head of state (the king) understand that time and the hours are very important to find a debated way out and give way to a political solution.”
___
1:15 p.m.
Catalan president Carles Puigdemont has requested to address the regional parliament next Tuesday amid growing challenges for their government to deliver on a pledge to declare independence for the northeastern region following a disputed referendum last weekend.
The separatist ruling coalition suffered a setback Thursday when Spain's Constitutional Court suspended a Monday plenary session of lawmakers for assessing the vote's results.
Puigdemont has said the vote is valid despite a Constitutional Court ban to hold it and a turnout of some 40 percent of the region's 5.5 million eligible voters.
Spain's conservative government, which is under political and social pressure after police acted violently in trying to halt the banned vote on Oct. 1, has rejected any dialogue unless Catalans drop plans for secession.
Tuesday's address request was for Puigdemont to “report on the current political situation” according to a brief statement by their office.
The speakers' board of Catalonia's regional parliament has announced an urgent meeting Friday afternoon in which the address is likely to be discussed.
___
12:35 p.m.
Two senior Catalan police officers and two leaders of pro-independence civic groups have been unconditionally released after being questioned as part of an investigation for sedition linked to demonstrations in Barcelona in the run-up to last weekend's referendum on independence.
The four will have to reappear in court in Madrid in coming days after a prosecutor presents new evidence.
The four are Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero, Catalan police Lt. Teresa Laplana, who was questioned by video link from Barcelona due to health reasons, and Jordi Sanchez, the head of the Catalan National Assembly that has been the main civic group behind the independence movement, and Jordi Cuixart, president of separatist group Omnium Cultural.
__-
11:45 a.m.
Catalonia's police chief Josep Lluis Trapero has left Spain's National Court in Madrid after being questioned for about an hour as part of an investigation for sedition linked to Sept. 20-21 demonstrations in Barcelona in the run-up to last weekend's referendum on independence.
Trapero, who is one of four people being questioned in the case, left on foot to some applause by Basque and Catalan party representatives and some insults from bystanders.
The other three under investigation for sedition are Catalan police Lt. Teresa Laplana, who was to testify by video link from Barcelona, Jordi Sanchez, the head of the Catalan National Assembly that has been the main civic group behind the independence movement, and Jordi Cuixart, president of separatist group Omnium Cultural.
___
8:40 a.m.
Spain's National Court will question two senior officers of Catalonia's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups who have been placed under investigation for sedition.
The four will be questioned Friday morning about their roles in demonstrations Sept. 20-21 in Barcelona, when Spanish police arrested several Catalan government officials and raided offices in a crackdown on preparations for an Oct. 1 referendum on independence. Spanish authorities say the demonstrations hindered the police operation.
The four include regional police chief Josep Lluis Trapero and Jordi Sanchez, the head of the Catalan National Assembly that has been the main civic group behind the independence movement.
On Thursday, Spain's Constitutional Court ordered Catalonia's parliament to suspend a planned session next week during which separatist lawmakers plan to declare independence.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Police in Rumphi have arrested a 25-year-old Ethiopian national Salam Ashoro for entering Malawi illegally.
Ashoro was arrested at Chinyolo in Rumphi along Karonga-Mzuzu road after police received information that two vehicles coming from Karonga direction heading towards Mzuzu had carried illegal immigrants.
“The two Toyota Sienta vehicles registration numbers KA9081 and RU9322 suspected to have carried the illegal immigrants have since been impounded. However, drivers of the vehicles and other suspected illegal immigrants are still at large,” said Rumphi police spokesperson Victor Khamisi.
They further said investigations are underway to trace the drivers and the occupants of the vehicles.
In a related development, the court in Karonga has ordered the department of immigration to deport eight illegal immigrants arrested at Songwe border post last Tuesday.
According to spokesperson for Songwe border post Chrispin Mawindo the court has also ordered that a minibus the illegal immigrants were using be forfeited and given to Karonga police station to help the station in the fight against illegal migration.
The immigrants were arrested at around 12 midnight on January 30, this year, following a tip off.
“The minibus registration number KU 2050 arrived at the road block but the drive did not stop for officers to search the vehicle. Officers then started chasing the minibus and it hit a metal barrier that damaged the vehicle in the process. It did not move a long distance forcing the driver and other occupants to abandon the vehicle and escape,” explained Mawindo.
According to Mawindo, when the officers arrived at the scene they only found a minibus and eight illegal immigrants. They were later taken to court.
The post Police arrest illegal immigrants appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
HIGHLIGHTS Governor: CEO has ‘personal, family issues to deal with'
Pols laud ex-LIRR president as ‘direct, tough negotiator'
MTA Chairman Thomas Prendergast is stepping down after nearly 30 years at the agency where they built a reputation as a ‘‘tough negotiator'' who modernized the Long Island Rail Road and oversaw completion of the Second Avenue Subway.
Prendergast, 64, will retire in early 2017 after three years in the post, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo announced Monday. Prendergast's Metropolitan Transportation Authority career has included stints as president of the LIRR and NYC Transit, and MTA chairperson and CEO since June 2013.
“Tom Prendergast has overseen the re-imagining and modernization of the MTA and will be remembered for improving the commute, and the lives, of millions of New Yorkers,” Cuomo said. Now, ‘‘he has some personal issues and some family issues that they need to deal with.”
The governor did not say who would succeed Prendergast.
They said, however, they have a couple of weeks to find a replacement, and that the person has to be “an operator of the transit system who … is also a developer.” Cuomo's nominee will be subject to confirmation by the state Senate.
Mark J. Epstein, chairperson of the Long Island Rail Road Commuter Council, said Monday that Prendergast has always been open to discussing riders' concerns about the railroad's performance and building plans.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“It is our hope that whomever their replacement is brings with them the view that this is first and foremost a rider-based system, and the needs of the commuter must figure into every decision that is made,” Epstein said.
When they first discussed the position, Prendergast agreed to oversee the MTA for about three years, Cuomo said Monday in their midtown offices.
“The MTA is probably one of the toughest jobs in the state, it is every day, it is 99 percent bad news,'' Cuomo said. ‘‘It's not a lot of good news coming to you when you're the MTA chairperson, except the Second Avenue subway.”
Cuomo appointed Prendergast to the post on an interim basis as of Jan. 1, 2013, and they were confirmed by the state Senate on June 20, 2013. Their term would have expired June 30, 2021.
“Opening the Second Avenue Subway this weekend was a crowning achievement for the MTA and I'm proud to have been a part of such a historic moment,'' Prendergast said in the statement. ‘‘It has not only changed the daily commute for hundreds of thousands of customers, it has helped change the face of the MTA — showing the public we can meet the deadlines we set for ourselves.''
Prendergast, a resident of upstate Brewster, became president of the LIRR in 1994 and was credited during their six-year term with modernizing its aging diesel fleet, introducing more durable concrete rail ties and modernizing onboard air-conditioning systems.
Members of Long Island's state Senate delegation on Monday praised Prendergast's attention to the LIRR, both as MTA chairperson and previously as railroad president.
They cited their successful efforts to secure funding for building projects, such as East Side Access to bring the LIRR to Grand Central Terminal and the Double Track project between Farmingdale and Ronkonkoma.
To ensure “we don't lose any momentum with the third track, East Side Access tunnel and the new Penn Station projects,” Cuomo should nominate someone with commuter rail experience “in addition to the traditional urban bus and subway management experience,” said Kevin Law, president of the Long Island Association, the region's largest business group.
State Sen. Carl Marcellino (R-Syosset), co-chairperson of the Senate transportation committee, said Monday they hope Cuomo's nominee will understand the LIRR's needs differ from those of the New York City subways. “You need someone who is conscious of that and is willing to work with local governments and elected officials along the way; Prendergast did that.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Marcellino and outgoing state Sen. Jack Martins (R-Old Westbury) praised Prendergast's “blunt, direct and straightforward” style. “He's a tough guy, a tough negotiator … I appreciated their directness,” Marcellino said.
Martins, a member of the Senate transportation committee, opposed Prendergast's drive to add a third track on the LIRR from Floral Park to Hicksville, but lauded their flight attendantship of the MTA. The senator also said commuters would benefit from the building funds secured by Prendergast for years to come.
“Sometimes we looked at things a little differently, but I think overall they have been a positive for the MTA,” the senator said. “I'm sorry to see them go.”
— Emily Ngo
Posted 1 hour ago
Interior Cabinet Secretary Joseph Nkaissery, said they are ready to carry the mantle of Maasai spokesperson.
× North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother killed by poison in Malaysia, South Korea says
HONG KONG — The sudden death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother was murder, South Korean officials announced Wednesday.
Kim Jong Nam died Monday soon after becoming ill at Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) before an outbound flight to Macau.
Lee Cheol Woo, chairperson of South Korea's National Assembly Intelligence Committee, told a press briefing Wednesday that Kim had been poisoned, and the suspects were “presumed to be two Asian females.”
It's not clear how they obtained that information or how Kim was poisoned.
South Korea's Unification Ministry told CNN they were working with Malaysian authorities to get additional information.
Many questions still remain around Kim's killing.
Police have described the incident as a “sudden death,” pending the results of a postmortem investigation. South Korean media is reporting that Kim was in their 40s.
“So far there are no suspects, but we have started investigations and are looking at a few possibilities to get leads,” Selangor State Criminal Investigations Department Chief Fadzil Ahmat told Reuters.
“The deceased … felt like someone grabbed or held their face from behind,” Fadzil said. “He felt dizzy, so they asked for help at the … counter of KLIA.”
South Korea's acting President and Prime Minister held a National Security Council meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss the death, according to a statement released by the Blue House.
Fall from grace
Kim Jong Nam was the most public of all of Kim Jong Il's sons before Kim Jong-un took power, though most remember them for the scandalous headlines they made.
Reports surfaced that Kim Jong Nam fell from favor from the ruling family after they were caught trying to sneak a visit to Tokyo Disneyland using a forged document in 2001 — an assertion that one journalist who spoke to Kim countered in a 2012 book.
It is not clear when they left North Korea, but Kim Jong Nam spent time living in Macau and China and was absent from their father's funeral in 2011, fueling earlier rumors that they had been banished from the country.
Kim was an overweight and careless playboy, but also a smart and open-minded man who was willing to speak out against the family, according to Yoji Gomi, the author of the 2012 book “My Father, Kim Jong Il, and Me.”
“He spoke out against their father's ‘military first' policy,” Gomi told CNN in 2012. “He wants North Korea to embrace economic reform and open its doors.”
Kim Jong Nam believed their youngest brother, Kim Jong-un would fail as North Korea's leader, according to Gomi — though the two brothers never met because of the ancient practice of raising potential successors separately.
A third sibling, Kim Jong Chul, was rumored to have been ruled out as their father's successor for being too “effeminate,” Scott Snyder of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote in 2012.
Leadership purges
The eldest Kim brother's death comes as Kim Jong-un has purged senior leadership around him, including firing the minister of state security — one of their top lieutenants — earlier this month.
A report published by a South Korean think tank at the end of December claimed that Kim had ordered the execution of 340 people since coming to power.
The news of Kim Jong Nam's death broke two days after Pyongyang conducted its first ballistic missile test of 2017.
North Korean state media reported that Kim Jong-un oversaw the test of its new, nuclear capable Pukguksong-2 missile, which it described as successful.
Two US officials said the launch was the first land-based test of an intermediate-range missile. In the past, has been fired from a submarine.
United States President Donald Trump suffered once more from another spelling gaffe on Twitter, an error that may have some wondering if Trump ever proofreads their posts before hitting “tweet,” as this isn't the first time nor the second that Trump misspelled a word on the social media platform.
It all started when Trump criticized the people behind “Fake News” on their Twitter account last July 3, saying that they're always looking for faults from their end.
“After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake,” wrote Trump. “I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!”
President Donald Trump made a spelling mistake yet again on Twitter yesterday, July 3.Photo: Twitter/Kat4Obama
Their tweet seemed ironic, though. While blasting the people of “fake news” for finding faults in their tweets, who knew that they would actually make another spelling mistake in the middle of doing so?
Trump misspelled “pore” as “pour” in their tweet, a small four-letter word that they probably thought many might not notice as they immediately deleted the tweet.
But if there's one thing the internet can teach its users is that things never really get deleted from the annals of the world wide web. Despite immediately deleting their tweet, many were still able to see — and laugh — at Trump's mistake, famous Harry Potter author JK Rowling included.
In a self-explanatory post, Rowling retweeted today, July 4, Trump's original (and now deleted) tweet and took their time laughing at Trump's misspelling.
Follow-up tweets from the author just showed them laughing at Trump, with them making fun of their misspelling of “pore” to “pour.” They also threw shade at them for bragging about having written many books by mentioning they had a ghostwriter all along.
“‘Written' and their ghostwriter's talked to the press,” wrote Rowling.
on Twitter 'written' and their ghostwriter's talked to the press
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 3, 2018
Tony Schwartz, Trump's ghostwriter and the man who wrote Trump's book, “Trump: The Art of the Deal”, has since revealed this back in 2015.
“I wrote the Art of the Deal. Donald Trump read it,” said Schwartz back then.
Photo: Twitter/@TheeNurseNut
Rowling took their time making fun of Trump, too, as they made another tweet today and called Trump the “gratest” writer on earth.
on Twitter *wipes eyes, tries to control breathing*
Seriously, @realDonaldTrump is the Gratest Writer on earth. — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 3, 2018
Trump, however, has since backtracked on the mistake and posted the exact same tweet on their Twitter, but this time with the word “pore” correctly spelled.
on Twitter After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2018
But it seems Rowling isn't having any of it, as they found this hilarious as well, and laughed at Trump once more. “Someone told them how to spell ‘pore,'” tweeted Rowling in a fit of laughter.
on Twitter hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
someone told them how to spell 'pore'
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha pic.twitter.com/Gf2xxKyFlp — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 3, 2018
Well, laughing in the face of adversity does reverse the negative effects of stress.
The Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) has issued a boil water advisory for a portion of the City of Robinson located in Brown County. This will affect all customers located along Main street and to the west of Main Street.
Customers should observe the following precautions until further notice:
Boil water for one minute prior to drinking or food preparation or use bottled water.
Dispose of ice cubes and do not use ice from a household automatic icemaker.
Disinfect dishes and other food contact surfaces by immersion for at least one minute in clean tap water that contains one teaspoon of unscented household bleach per gallon of water.
Water used for bathing does not generally need to be boiled. Supervision of children is necessary while bathing so that water is not ingested. Persons with cuts or severe rashes may wish to consult their physicians.
If your tap water appears dirty, flush the water lines by letting the water run until it clears.
The advisory took effect on April 24, 2018 and will remain in effect until the conditions that placed the system at risk of bacterial contamination are resolved. KDHE officials issued the advisory because of a loss of pressure. Failure to maintain adequate pressure may result in a loss of chlorine residuals and bacterial contamination.
Regardless of whether the public water supplier or KDHE announced the boil water advisory, only KDHE can issue a cancellation of this advisory following testing at a certified laboratory.
Restaurants and other food establishments that have questions about the impact of the boil water advisory on their business can contact the Kansas Department of Agriculture's food safety & lodging program at kda.fsl@ks.gov or call 785-564-6767.
Need to catch up? Check out the previous The Handmaid's Tale recap here.
If I had to grade NuOfglen's big boom, based on what we learn in this week's episode of The Handmaid's Tale, I'd give it an A for effort, and a C for execution… of the execution.
Because while the highly disgruntled handmaid's decision to detonate a bomb at a gathering of Gilead higher-ups might've been intended to take out as many members of the patriarchy as possible, women like themselves made up more of the fatalities — as the starkly beautiful scenes at the cemetery at the top of the hour make clear.
But who knew that the incident would create a power vacuum that one of Gilead's most weaselly commanders would jump to fill? And that that would in turn cause Serena, June and Nick to form an unholy — yet very attractive — alliance? And that EMILY WOULD BE RESCUED FROM THE COLONIES?!
Ahem. Read on for the highlights of “After.”
A GRAVE MISTAKE | As Iris Dement's “My Life” plays on the soundtrack, a procession of handmaids files into a snowy cemetery, led by a drummer. All of the ‘maids faces are covered with a red cloth; they're wearing black capes and black bonnets as they file by Aunt Lydia, who stands in a circle of coffins and tearfully leads the women in a responsive prayer. There's some ritualistic kissing of the coffins after the grief-stricken ladies all remove their face coverings, and Lydia cries as they lament that they wish they could give their girls a “world without pain and violence.” Which is really touching and all… until you remember that Aunt Lydia is instrumental in making sure the handmaids' world is rife with pain and violence.
In the van afterward, the handmaids quietly debrief. There are 26 rumored dead among the commanders; 31 handmaids died in the blast. As they drive through the streets, one of the handmaids notes that it looks like the Eyes have been active in trying to root out anti-Gilead sentiment: There are corpses hung from nearly every home and tree.
MEET THE NEW BOSS | Commander Waterford survived the attack, but he's only partly lucid as they rest in a hospital bed with Serena and Nick looking on. Commander Cushing and Commander Putnam show up with news: Commander Pryce died in the blast, and Cushing is the new head of security. In the corner of the room, Nick tries to arrange their facial features into an expression that doesn't radiate “Oh crap.” Cushing promises Fred, who's barely able to stay awake, that they won't stop until they find everyone responsible for the attack.
Far away, in The Colonies, it seems like Cushing's plan is already playing out. Black SUVs roll up to where the workers are being marched out to the fields. A list is consulted, and then several women — including Janine and Emily — are manhandled into the vehicles without explanation.
MOIRA'S STORY | In Canada, Moira and Luke are among the throng of people waiting to hear whether their loved ones were hurt in the bombing. A sympathetic official says that information is spotty, but they have confirmation that some handmaids died. Moira wants to wait around until they know one way or the other whether June was one of the casualties. But Luke is much more chill about the whole thing; though they know June isn't OK, “I have faith she's alive,” they tell her, going home to procure dinner.
But Moira decides to stay, talking their way into a back room where there are binders full of unidentified dead people. And as they flip through them, we learn — via flashback — that they once served as a surrogate for a family wanting a child and that during the process, they met a doctor who'd later become their girlfriend and then fiancée. The woman's name was Odette, and when Luke returns to bring their roommate some dinner, they remind Moira that their lady wouldn't want them to torture themselves this way. “It's time,” they tell him. “I just want to know if they were alone when they died.”
Sadly, the answer seems to be yes. In one of the binders, Moira finds a photo of Odette, laid out on the ground and very dead. They shake and starts to cry. Later, as Moira lays a framed photo of them and Odette at the memorial outside the refugee center, they cry again. Luke holds their hand. (Side note: While I loved learning more about Moira's backstory, it felt a little crammed into this episode, right? Correct me if I'm wrong, but had Odette's name ever been mentioned before in the series?)
IN WHICH SERENA DOES A GOOD, IF SHADY, THING | Back in Gilead, Cushing comes to talk to June and refuses to believe that a) they didn't know much about their shopping partner, NuOfglen, and b) they have no idea who was helping them while they were in hiding. They remind them of the official Waterford party line — that they were kidnapped against their will — but it's clear they don't believe them They vaguely threaten them as they vow to find out whether their house has “been infected by terrorists.”
Their interrogation is interrupted by barking dogs and sirens outside. Guardians have two marthas at gunpoint in the street, and when one reaches for their pass, the armed man shoots them dead. It rattles June hard, and when they later runs into Nick outside Fred's hospital room, they have a quiet, tearful freakout. Nick hugs them and assures them it's OK, which helps them pull themselves together enough to tell them about Cushing's interrogation. Nick once more vows to keep them safe, and they wind up doing some hot-n-heavy kissing right there behind a see-through partition. Um, lovebirds? I NEED YOU TO REMEMBER THAT YOU WILL PROBABLY BOTH BE KILLED ANY DAY NOW SO PLEASE STOP TEMPTING FATE BECAUSE MY HEART CAN'T TAKE IT.
Later that night, at home, Serena grumbles that the martial-law-happy Cushing “will be the death of us all.” But they don't really seem to take it seriously until June mentions Cushing's visit and reminds their mistress that “They executed Cmdr Deeds and their whole household for what Ofglen did,” and that the same thing is likely to happen to any home even tangentially connected to the underground. “Fred would never allow that,” Mrs. Waterford maintains. “He isn't here, Serena,” June reminds them
PLEASED TO MEET YOU | And that's when Serena starts getting crafty. With Nick's help, they forge Fred's signatures on some warrants to the Consular of Divine Law. The result? Cushing is stripped of their command and charged with apostasy and treason, then hauled away by some eager guardians.
But that's not even the best thing that happens! In the market soon after, Janine runs over to June, who's very happy to see them but can't fathom how they came to be there. Apparently, because so many handmaids were lost in the bombing, Gilead yanked a few back from The Colonies. “God saved us. They have a plan. They have a plan for both of us,” they chirp, and before June can ask what Janine means, they see a very overcome Emily standing a few feet away.
“June. That's my name,” June says right away. “I never got the chance to tell you.” And then perhaps spurred by the earlier realization that no one knew NuOfglen's real name (it was Lillie), June quietly introduces themselves to another handmaid nearby. “I'm Brianna,” the woman says hesitantly. But the sureptitious introductions continue throughout the market, and it's beautiful… until you realize that Nick's wife, Eden, is clocking the whole situation with a great deal of interest.
At home that night, Serena beckons for June to join them in Fred's study. She's drafted new security orders in Fred's name; they want a de-escalation of the martial law Cushing instituted. “It's about time things started getting back to normal around here, don't you think?” they ask, then wonders if June — a former editor — would be willing to give the orders a once-over. June hesitates, because you'll remember that women aren't supposed to read anything in this horrifying new world order, but then looks up with great interest.
“I'll need a pen,” they say.
Now it's your turn. What did you think of the episode? Hit the comments!
Porsche Exclusive will fulfill any desire for its clients, but the customization comes at a cost – sometimes quite a high one. For example, the German sports carmaker's bespoke production division recently completed a 911 Turbo S in a unique color called Python Green Chromaflair. The options sheet also popped up online, and the chartreuse shade cost a mind-boggling 82,645.50 euros ($97,395 at current exchange rates). Adding the grassy color Aero Kit was an extra 928.20 euros ($1,094). The cumulative cost of the paint was more than a 911 Carrera's base price of $92,150 after destination in the United States.
The Python Green paint has a gorgeous finish. There's a vaguely opalescent effect, which is most evident in these photos around the headlights, on the mirrors, and along the tail. This causes the shade to vary between a deep shade of green and a hue that's closer to yellow.
The options sheet shows that there is extensive customization inside the coupe, too. The upholstery includes lots of Acid Green touches, and there's Graphite Blue covering certain areas, too. The cabin also features a Burmester surround sound system.
The 911 Turbo S starts at $162,850. With over 100,000 euros (117,890) in options, this highly customized example costs more than Porsche's own $257,500 911 Turbo S Exclusive. The only thing missing from this sage-colored coupe is the Exclusive's power bump that takes the 3.8-liter biturbo flat six to 607 horsepower (446 kilowatts) – 27 hp (20 kW) more than stock.
The Instagram account showcasing this green machine reports that Porsche Exclusive only builds five vehicles with the Chromaflair paint each year. The firm also offers the special finish in blue, gold, and violet.
Source: ptsrs via Instagram, 2 Via Motofilm.pl
WASHINGTON — An English teenager who was stuck in the back at a concert in Manchester found an ingenious, and thoroughly modern, way to improve their view.
Adam Boyd was grumping their way through the opening acts at the Albert Hall, in Manchester, Thursday night and realized that things probably wouldn't improve for them when the headliners, The Sherlocks, took the stage.
They told the British newspaper The Daily Mail that they got an idea.
They whipped out their phone and edited The Sherlocks' Wikipedia page to say that they were the cousin of lead singer Kiaran Crook, and was an influence on the band's first single, “Live for the Moment.” Then they headed for the VIP section.
“I don't know how the idea climbed to the top of all the other drunken ones I was probably having then,” Boyd told the Daily Mail. Drunk or not, they were clever enough not to show their hand too early, only “remembering” to show the Wikipedia page after the bouncer wouldn't buy their story.
It worked. Boyd was let into the roped-off VIP section above and behind the stage, posting a picture on Facebook to prove it.
As Mashable pointed out, the edit history of The Sherlocks' Wikipedia page shows that the page was indeed edited at about 8:30 p.m. British time to include Boyd as Crook's cousin.
The Mail reports that Boyd eventually went back downstairs, finding the VIP section too “hectic” with photographers and others running around. They did find a roped-off section, where they were still “close enough to see the time on their watches.”
The band was amused:
fair play mate, good effort https://t.co/jKuRY6EPOD — The Sherlocks (@TheSherlocks) February 14, 2017
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
× High Point Barbershop takes over CBS 6 Instagram
RICHMOND, Va. – It's time for the summer #CBS6Takeover on Instagram. This year the theme is “RVA Makers.”
What are makers, you ask? They are the artisans, fabricators, designers, tinkerers, and influencers whose work helps shape metro-Richmond.
Each week a new guest will take over the account to show you their world. It's a chance for you to engage and ask them questions, and perhaps discover something new and meaningful.
At the end of the summer, you come back to WTVR.com and vote for the #CBS6Takeover that you enjoyed the most and CBS 6 gives $200 to the winner's chosen nonprofit. Last year, Henrico firefighter Patrick Hannan won, with the Veil Brewing close behind.
On Tuesday, High Point Barbershop is taking over to show a day in their life. This crew is making a cultural mark on the city and they are having a lot of fun doing it.
They are also craftsmen using their hands to create and change things.
In 2014, five friends opened a shop on Meadow Street, in the Fan area of Richmond.
“Five years ago I was selling phones at the mall,” said co-owner David Foster .“My life is very different now.”
High Point has been booked since the day they were open, something they will talk about in their takeover – the resurgence of the barbershop and their modern twist on an old craft.
Just recently High Point opened another shop, in Scott's Addition, with eight new barbers and room to grow.
So make sure to follow Tuesday and find out exactly what a day in the life of High Point is all about.
Because in their words: “At High Point, we like to have a really good f**king time.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PALMERTON -- Skiers and snowboarders shredded the gnar in support of blood cancer research in Carbon County.
Carve 4 Cancer 5, the annual winter sports and music festival was held at Blue Mountain Ski Resort on Saturday.
The charity event raises money for blood cancer research and helps provide financial assistance for local cancer patients.
Carve 4 Cancer was started by Brent Evans in 2012. Evans passed away due to complications of a type of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in 2017.
Evans' dedicated team of volunteers are carrying on the event in their memory.
"It's bittersweet but it's humbling to be able to put so much dedication, time into this non-profit and just see a lot of people enjoy the event. Remember Brent and to give back to the cause and the local community," said Aisling Carroll, Brent's girlfriend.
Carve 4 Cancer provides a way to give back while having a lot of fun with their event in Carbon County.
The first signal that Adam Silver was more enlightened than the average commissioner came just months into their reign when they broke ranks with other sports leagues by calling for the legalization of sports betting.
Not only that, the NBA commissioner suggested later, but the league wouldn't mind joining in the profits that nationwide legalized betting might bring.
Bold stuff, considering the NBA had for decades been in lockstep with Major League Baseball and the NFL in the belief that sports betting could destroy their empires. While baseball is now coming in line with a new way of thinking, Roger Goodell notably continues to rant about the evils of sports betting.
That Silver is not afraid to tackle social issues is also reflected in the decision to move this weekend's All-Star Game out of Charlotte because of the North Carolina law limiting protections for lesbian, gay and transgender people. Agree with them or not, it's hard to imagine the NFL taking such a stand — especially when it might lose some money because of it.
Advertisement
Three years into their tenure, Silver is on a roll. The NBA Finals last year were the most watched in nearly 20 years, the league has a new national television deal that is ridiculously lucrative, and there is a new agreement with players that guarantees labor peace for at least six years.
Owners are happily counting their growing profits. Players are ecstatic over contracts that could pay them more than $40 million a year.
To top it off, Silver even managed — at least temporarily — to keep Knicks owner James Dolan from making even more of a fool of themselves than they have already in their dustup with former player Charles Oakley.
Good times indeed, as the best players in the league prepare to gather in New Orleans for the All-Star Game that was taken from Charlotte. There's a lot to celebrate for both players and owners in a league that is not only healthy but thriving.
Some of that came about because both players and owners realized only they can kill the golden goose that continues to provide well for both. The new labor agreement signed a few weeks ago ensures that players will continue to get about half of each team's basketball revenue in salaries, while the owners will see their franchises go up in value.
Assuming it runs for the full seven-year length, the NBA will go for at least 13 years without any real labor issues. Revenues keep going up, and both owners and players seem to be satisfied with their share of a pie that keeps getting bigger.
Meanwhile, the NBA is not haunted by concussions like the NFL. It's not tainted by steroids, like baseball. And the entertainment value on the court is at a level probably not seen since Magic Johnson and Larry Bird squared off against each other three decades ago.
Yes, there are still issues to address. Officiating is one of them, in a league where it's difficult to know just what a foul is despite efforts to be more transparent about calls late in games.
Too many teams have no shot year after year at making the playoffs, which themselves have become somewhat predictable. Ticket prices are scary high, and it remains to be seen whether the $2.6 billion a year television package is sustainable in an era of cord cutting.
It's also hard to give Silver a pat on the back for changing the name of the development league to the NBA Gatorade League and for allowing ads to creep onto uniform fronts. And while Silver wants to be out front on the sports betting issue, there is still no one outside of Nevada legally betting on NBA games and no indication that will happen anytime soon.
But the NBA seems to be in good hands in a commissioner who learned a lot working under their predecessor, David Stern. That was evident on Monday when Silver moved quickly to get Oakley and Dolan in their office and, with an assist from Hall of Famer Michael Jordan, thrashed out a detente of sorts between the former player and the Knicks owner.
As NBA problems go, the spat between Oakley and Dolan was more of a sideshow than anything. Both bear some blame for the altercation, though it was Dolan who escalated it by issuing a ban on Oakley attending Knicks games and suggesting that they had anger issues or alcohol problems.
It could have been another distraction at the All-Star Game that no one wanted. But Silver moved quickly to make sure it wasn't, just as they moved quickly to move the game from Charlotte when it became clear the law was not going to be changed.
This weekend, the focus will be on the best players in the world, as it should always be.
But forgive the commissioner if he's called to take a little bow, too.
___
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg@ap.org or http://twitter.com/timdahlberg
West Australian drivers are blowing their second chances by reoffending.
West Australian drivers are blowing their second chances by reoffending. Picture: The West Australian
More than one in four bad drivers is wasting their second chance to avoid suspension because they reoffend.
Drivers who exceed their demerit-point limit and face suspension can take a double-or-nothing option that allows them to stay on the road as long as they do not reoffend.
If they flout this 12-month, good-behaviour period they are suspended for double the original penalty.
Department of Transport figures released this week showed 6812 drivers chose the double-or-nothing option last year.
But 1839 of them reoffended and had their original suspension doubled.
The double-or-nothing scheme was introduced in 2008 and had been credited with playing a role in the big fall in suspended WA drivers seeking extraordinary licences.
Extraordinary licences are granted by a magistrate when a banned driver needs to drive for work or medical reasons.
The state government has released the top ten suburbs with the most school zone speeding infringements. The West Australian The state government has released the top ten suburbs with the most school zone speeding infringements.
Applications are made to the courts. The licences are usually issued with a curfew stipulating when the motorist can drive.
Department of Justice figures show the number of extraordinary licence applications has more than halved since 2010, falling from 3974 to 1967 last year.
About 70 per cent of all applications for extraordinary licences are granted.
A Department of Transport spokesperson said the department had been working with other government agencies for several years to implement initiatives and strengthen laws that made it tougher for drink and drug-drivers and repeat offenders.
They said the reduction in extraordinary licence applications was one indication that the initiatives — which include the double-or-nothing scheme — were delivering effective results.
Other initiatives include confiscating and impounding vehicles, increasing penalties and introducing the alcohol interlock scheme.
Extraordinary licences have been controversial.
In 2014, it was revealed an extraordinary licence was granted to serial drink-driver Mitchell Walsh.
Earlier this week, Kalgoorlie's Liberal MP Kyran O'Donnell described the extraordinary licence process as “a revolving door”, with some applicants receiving six or seven opportunities to get back behind the wheel.
“I am concerned that extraordinary licences are subject to overuse and abuse,” Mr O'Donnell said.
“We should only be entitled to one extraordinary licence in our lifetime.”
REVIEW PLOT Play ball! RATED E for Everyone DETAILS PlayStation 4; $59.99 BOTTOM LINE Hits it right out of the park.
MLB: The Show 17 opens with the dulcet tones of Vin Scully over a live-action video of classic baseball moments such as Lou Gehrig's famous “luckiest man on earth” speech and last year's Cubs' World Series win drawn by an artist in time-lapse on a chalk scoreboard, creating a mosaic of baseball history. The people who work on this game clearly love baseball.
Considering that the legendary Ken Griffey Jr. is the cover athlete, it's no surprise the most-ballyhooed addition to The Show 17 is a Retro Mode that evokes the slugger's own 16-bit baseball franchise. This mode tosses the complex simulation of the game aside in favor of a high-angle camera and simplified control setup — fielding, batting and pitching are all accomplished with combinations of the analog stick and the X button.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Road to the Show remains the best part of the game, and new this year is the Pave Your Path feature, which adds to the mode's narrative by portraying key moments in your player's career, such as being called up to the majors.
Across the board, every major mode got some love this year. Diamond Dynasty has returned and is as good as ever, bringing back last year's excellent Battle Royale draft and also, for some reason, dragging concentrated anti-fun mode Conquest along for the ride again. Collecting virtual baseball cards and building a team across multiple modes in an attempt to stack your lineup with stars from all eras is still deeply satisfying. Playing Moneyball on the in-game marketplace was a blast, especially after recouping a meager $10 investment several times over to build a substantially stronger squad.
It's hard to look at this year's MLB game and not come away impressed by the sheer amount of content and number of modes, as well as the polished gameplay and player experience improvements. MLB: The Show 17 is a love letter to baseball and its fans.
LAS VEGAS — Thank goodness it didn't stay in Vegas.
An Idaho man says their new 8-week-old puppy appears happy and healthy despite being flown across the country to the wrong airport — landing in Las Vegas and Salt Lake City before finally arriving in their arms Sunday.
Owner Josh Schlaich had vented their frustration with Delta Air Lines on Facebook when the white and brindle puppy failed to arrive on Saturday as scheduled and they were unable to get any answers by phone.
According to Delta, the dog left Richmond, Virginia, and was due to fly into Boise on Saturday evening, connecting in Detroit and Minneapolis. But Delta says there was a mixup somewhere between Richmond and Boise — and Schlaich actually received the wrong puppy when they arrived at the airport. Delta is investigating to determine where and how the mixup happened.
When Schlaich realized that their dog was missing, they started working with Delta officials to track down their puppy.
Schlaich's dog ended up spending Saturday night in a kennel in Detroit. Sunday morning, the puppy was flown to Minneapolis — but then Delta said it “misrouted” the puppy and it ended up in Las Vegas. The puppy was then put on a plane to Salt Lake City, finally making it to Boise on Sunday night.
Delta said the puppy was given food and water and let out of its crate periodically throughout the journey.
In their Facebook post, Schlaich said they received a call from someone at the Delta terminal in Detroit about their dog's whereabouts, but then they got the runaround.
“Was then given the number of the boarding facility — a disconnected line. Was not given a call back number by Detroit person, and the customer service would not give me their direct line. Tried calling Delta Cargo customer service, only to be yelled at by the rep and hung up on. No idea where my dog is, or what conditions he'll be placed under for the next 24 or more hours. Don't know when they will come into Boise tomorrow. No idea who to call. Absolutely ridiculous customer service.”
After Delta responded, Schlaich posted two updates to say the dog was delivered and safe.
“Local Delta reps (in Boise) did their best and were very helpful, but corporate and I will be having a thorough conversation tomorrow,” they wrote.
Schlaich later said Delta was “working hard to make this right.”
In a statement to CNN, Delta said it apologized for the mix-up and has fully refunded the dog's shipping costs and started a review of its procedures.
“We know pets are important members of the family,” the airline said.
It's at least the fourth airline error involving an animal in a week.
On March 12, a French bulldog died on a United Airlines flight from Houston to New York after a flight attendant told its owner to put the dog, in its carrier, in an overhead bin. By the time the flight was over, the dog had died.
A United spokesperson said the passenger told the flight attendant there was a dog in the carrier, but the attendant “did not hear or understand her, and did not knowingly place the dog in the overhead bin.”
Tuesday, United flew a 10-year-old German shepherd to Japan when it was supposed to land in Kansas. The dog was mistakenly switched with a Great Dane that landed in Kansas instead.
Two days later, United diverted a St. Louis-bound flight to Akron, Ohio, when it realized a pet was loaded onto the flight in error.
Advanced metrics are a whole other world for most baseball fans, but these days baseball teams don't operate without them.
Now, the new numbers aren't perfect, as many of formulas have been tweaked and tweaked against based on a new concept or improvements in technology.
Many times the metrics don't correlate with the stats found on baseball cards. For every set of probabilities, there's the flip side that says, well, just because it's probable it doesn't necessarily mean it will happen.
How do the math guys often account for that? Luck, good or bad.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
One particular metric that the Texas Rangers study is hard-hit rate. It sounds simple enough — the percentage of times a hitter or a team's hitters hit the ball hard — but subjectivity can skew that numbers.
Nevertheless, the Rangers entered Monday tied for the MLB lead in hard-hit rate, according to Sports Info Solutions. Over at FanGraphs, the Rangers were No. 1 by themselves.
After a 9-4 loss Monday, they fell to second, but their .232 batting average was 12th in the 15-team American League, their .305 on-base percentage was 13th and their .377 slugging percentage was 11th.
Based on hard-hit rate, it sounds like the Rangers are leading the league in bad luck. But that rate is one of the stats that has the Rangers believing their production at the plate will turn around.
"Bad luck? I just look at it this way," manager Jeff Banister said. "Baseball is 162 games, and over the course of time that trend changes if you can continue to put the ball in play hard."
The Rangers trailed only the Oakland A's in hard-hit rate, and those two squared off again Tuesday night at Globe Life Park.
Hard-hit rate alone does not make an offense churn, and Banister identified other things the offense is doing well. They said that the Rangers are first in productive outs and in the top five at moving runners over and getting runners home from third base.
The Rangers' .206 average with runners in scoring position was fifth-worst in the AL, but teams can score runs without a base hit. Their first run Monday scored on a wild pitch, but their other three scored on a two-run homer by catcher Robinson Chirinos and doubles by third baseman Adrian Beltre and left fielder Joey Gallo.
FanGraphs has Beltre fifth on the team in hard-hit rate at 43.8 percent. Chirinos leads at 50 percent, followed by infielder Isiah Kiner-Falefa (48.3), second baseman Rougned Odor (44.8) and Gallo (44.3).
"There are other positive signs other than just that," Banister said. "You can kind of sit back and wait and hit, hit, hit your way, or you can increase your team at-bat production."
But hits extend rallies. They don't give pitchers a breather.
If a hard-hit ball is caught, it's not a hit.
Beltre just rolled their eyes when informed that the Rangers are flourishing in hard-hit rate.
"I think this game is about results," Beltre said. "If you go 0 for 4 with four line drives, you're still 0 for 4. If you go 4 for 4 with four bloopers, you're still 4 for 4.
"There's no doubt that people want results. That's what we want. Yes, we've had some good at-bats with men in scoring position, but we haven't gotten the job done. We'd rather have a couple bad-hit balls fall in than line drives that are caught because we want to score more runs for our pitching staff."
The pitchers could use the offense's help. While the offense had hit the ball harder than just about any in baseball, no pitching staff had allowed more hard-hit balls than the Rangers (42.9).
That metric didn't seem unlucky at all.
BAGHDAD (AP) — The Iraqis guarding Baghdad's many checkpoints, on the lookout for car bombs and convoys, don't know what to make of Ali al-Moussawi when they pull up in a truck displaying shelves of glossy books.
The mobile bookstore is the latest in a series of efforts by the 25-year-old to share their passion for reading and revive a love for books in Baghdad, which was once the literary capital of the Muslim world but is now better known for bombs than poems.
It began with “Iraqi Bookish,” a Facebook group for readers launched in 2015. They eventually started organizing book clubs, contests, signings and writing seminars held at cultural centers and cafes.
“I adore reading,” said al-Moussawi, who holds a bachelor's degree in English translation. “I have long wanted to meet people like me, so I was thinking of creating something where all readers could gather at any time, regardless of where they are.”
Advertisement
They eventually took to selling books in order to finance the cultural activities, opening a bookstand in a Baghdad mall that offers a delivery service and designing shelves and other book-themed gifts.
Now they find themselves steering a bookstore on wheels through Baghdad's snarled traffic, past its checkpoints, barbed wire and blast walls. Security forces often insist on searching their truck, fearing it contains explosives, and parking can be subject to prolonged negotiations.
The world's greatest poets flocked to Baghdad after it was established as the capital of the Abbasid Empire in the 8th century A.D., but its cultural flowering ended with the Mongol conquest of 1258. Iraq's modern education system, richly financed by oil wealth in the 1970s, was subsequently decimated by years of war and sanctions.
The city still takes pride in its literary heritage. The al-Mutanabbi market in central Baghdad, named for a 10th century poet, hosts a bustling used book fair every Friday. The Shahbandar cafe, in the heart of the bazaar, remains a popular haunt for writers and intellectuals, who gaze upon black and white photos from more peaceful times.
Al-Moussawi has found plenty of customers. They say their business brings in a monthly income of up to $4,000, and that they have hired four paid workers.
But they must swap out their offerings depending on where they go in the city, which is still deeply divided by the sectarian violence that erupted after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion. Sunnis and Shiites gravitate toward their own religious texts, and in Sunni areas biographies of Saddam Hussein remain popular.
They recall a time in the Sunni neighborhood of Azamiyah when a man in their 50s ran up to the truck and grabbed an Arabic translation of “Saddam: The Secret Life,” by Con Coughlin. The man's eyes filled with tears as they kissed the cover.
Many Sunnis still revere Saddam — who was executed in 2006 — and blame the violence and chaos of recent years on the American invasion and the Shiite-dominated government established in its wake.
On one recent afternoon, al-Moussawi drove to an upscale neighborhood and parked at a mall near the University of Baghdad. There the clientele was mainly students, so they put out textbooks, novels and poetry in different languages, and celebrity biographies.
Salma Abdul-Karim, a 25-year old student, said their passion for reading came from growing up in a family of poetry lovers, but on that afternoon they opted for a biography of Oprah Winfrey.
“I love biographies because they tell you about the experiences a person went through so you can benefit from it,” they said.
___
Follow Sinan Salaheddin on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sinansm
Four mystery men, including three tourists from Wakefield, helped save the life of a distraught teenager who walked into the sea at Blackpool.
The holidaymakers and a passing cyclist threw life rings to the 19-year-old and pulled them to safety from the water behind the Metropole hotel, close to North Pier, in the early hours of yesterday morning.
One of them, despite being soaked by the cold waves himself, took their shirt off and wrapped it round the distressed woman before the emergency services arrived.
The three tourists, who were said to be from Wakefield and in their 20s, were taken back to the New Royal Windsor Hotel further down the Prom, while the anonymous cyclist left without giving their details.
The men have now been hailed for their actions – and described as ‘selfless'.
Paul Little, the Coastguard's station officer for Lytham, Blackpool, and Cleveleys, said: “They were very brave. Between the four of them they have saved them life.
“She would not have survived very long in the water and it would have been a completely different outcome. It was selfless.”
The teen, who is from Blackpool, was well dressed and is believed to have been partying in the resort before heading towards the cenotaph at high tide at around 2am.
They were seen walking down the steps into the Irish Sea by the cyclist, who had stopped after seeing their handbag lying nearby, Mr Little said.
They shouted, raising the alarm, and, along with the trio from West Yorkshire, threw two life rings to the woman, who is thought to have been around 30 to 40 feet off-shore.
Two rescue teams from the Coastguard were dispatched, while RNLI volunteers from Blackpool launched in two lifeboats after receiving multiple 999 calls at around 2.20am.
Armed police officers, who had been patrolling nearby, were first on the scene, and Coastguard staff cared for the woman, who was shivering and in the early stages of hypothermia, until
paramedics arrived shortly after.
They took them to Blackpool Victoria Hospital, accompanied by a police officer. They have since been discharged.
“If you are in the water, you have 10 to 15 minutes before you succumb to the cold,” Mr Little said. “That's when you drown.”
A spokesperson for the RNLI said: “Both of our D class lifeboats launched to search the area but the casualty was helped to shore just as they reached the scene.”
Were you involved in the rescue? Do you know who these men are? Call the Blackpool Gazette newsdesk on 01253 361733.
Updated at 8:01 p.m. ET
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas, police said.
The shooter has not been captured, reported TV station WFAA. Police were searching in a wooded area behind the Home Depot where the shooting happened, according to the Dallas Morning News.
A civilian was also shot. Police said the person's condition was unknown.
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard "responding to an incident" at the Home Depot, WFAA said. The TV station described both officers as "rookies in their 20s" and said one of them was shot in the back of the head.
A nearby stop on the regional DART train briefly closed because of police activity.
City officials, including Mayor Mike Rawlings, offered good wishes to the officers Tuesday evening.
This is a breaking news story. This post will be updated.
PPS launches financial planning platform
PPS has launched PPS Horizon, a web-based tool that gives guided financial planning and advice to investors, in a safe environment.
The design architecture of this web based tool is the first of its kind in the country.
It has been designed in particular for use by financial advisors who are the custodians of clients' financial plans, providing financial advisors the opportunity of counting digital planning tools as part of their overall offering to their clients.
The tool will further assist financial advisers in efficiently attracting and servicing digitally engaged clients as well as in better segmenting service capabilities for a diverse range of clients. This in turn gives clients an opportunity to interact with their advisors and financial services provider through an omni-channel ecosystem with the option to choose their preferred method of engagement at any point in time.
The intelligent advisory tool analyses the user's circumstances, appetite for risk and financial objectives and calculates the likely future outcomes of a financial plan.
But, the tool goes beyond forecasting. The Play Zone feature allows users to consider a combination of products to reach a specific financial outcome. Brokers and members are now able to evaluate different scenarios and make better investment decisions with the platform's quick, efficient and real time offering, guaranteeing an exact path to the users' wealth creation goals.
PPS Horizon is powered by adaptive algorithms, consumer economics, quadratic equations and an extensive knowledge of behaviour economics to provide the user with a variety of financial planning options.
“Building a digital channel is not a nice to have, it's a business imperative,” says Izak Smit, CEO of PPS.
They add that according to ASISA stats: “An estimated 30% of the R180-billion in financial service products inflows per year is from clients that directly engage with unit trust companies.”
Michael Dobie is a member of the Newsday editorial board. email twitter
HIGHLIGHTS The little old Italian man behind the counter of their shoe repair shop in Babylon Village. My wife and I went there about a half-dozen times over the years, with a broken heel or a worn-out sole. The shoe always came back good as new, and the price always seemed to be $9.
It's that time again. Out with the old, in with the new.
And that's got me thinking about Gaspare Mannina.
I never knew that was their name. I only knew them as the little old Italian man behind the counter of their shoe repair shop in Babylon Village. My wife and I went there about a half-dozen times over the years, with a broken heel or a worn-out sole. The shoe always came back good as new, and the price always seemed to be $9.
“He was always lowering it for some reason,” their daughter Lucy Domingo said, chuckling on the phone. “He did it because of the love of the actual work.”
Mannina died last summer, at age 87. They ran their store for 53 years, after a stint in a cobbler's stall at the Port Authority bus terminal, their first job upon emigrating from Sicily in 1958. They worked at their craft right up to the end.
Mannina was one of a disappearing breed. The number of shoe repair shops in America has declined by more than two-thirds in the last 25 years, says the Shoe Service Institute of America. What makes this especially troubling is that we really need people like Mannina. Many of us don't get that, because many of us don't like to get things fixed. It's easier, and sometimes cheaper, to just throw them away. And we expect things to break, so we don't get all that upset when they live down to our expectations.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Mannina's shop is closed now, a white shade pulled low across the big front window. But the vestibule still sports the circular signs that read: “Don't throw 'em away. Repair 'em today.”
That wasn't just a business proposition. It's what Mannina taught Lucy and their sister Josephine about life.
“We were always told you buy good, even if it's one pair, and you take care of them,” Lucy said. “When you buy it, you want it to last. . . . Today, society just takes and throws out and if they get a season out of it, it was well worth it.”
That predisposition has consequences. We throw away more than 6 million tons of clothing and footwear each year — more than 300 million pairs of shoes alone — and more than 2 million tons of appliances, according to government and industry sources. That strains our bulging landfills and gobbles up our natural resources.
It's no accident so many old-time artisan repairmen were immigrants, from circumstances that taught them an appreciation for the things you owned. It's called old school now, when it ought to be just plain school, and Gaspare Mannina was one of its high priests. Lucy called their craft a dying art.
“The restoration of the shoe,” they said. “He took such pride.”
Remember that the next time the boot gets ripped, the iron goes cold, or the toaster goes on the fritz.
Out with the old, in with the new?
Maybe not so much.
Michael Dobie is a member of Newsday's editorial board.
SFA Semicon Philippines Corp. (SSPC) on Monday said it received P20.11 million from the government as part of an incentive program that allows for discounted power rates.
In a disclosure to the stock exchange on Tuesday, the local arm of one of Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.'s South Korean suppliers said the amount is part of a discounted electricity incentive granted under Executive Order No. 856 (EO 856) and its lease agreement with Clark Development Corp.
EO 856 states that the government must support the power infrastructure requirements of Clark Freeport Zone. SSPC's manufacturing plant is located at the Clark Freeport Zone in Pampanga.
The discounted power rate program is part of government's efforts to support power-intensive industries to lure foreign investors to invest in the country.
SSPC said the payment will boost its cash and cash equivalents by some $390,000.
The company reported its net income declined by 71% to $1.83 million in 2017, amid stiff competition and a 29% rise in costs.
“The increased direct costs and relatively low average selling prices resulted in the 54% decline in gross profit declined from $15.40 million to $6.70 million during the year in review,” SSPC previously said.
A wholly owned subsidiary of Korea-based firm STS Semiconductor and Telecommunications Co., Ltd., SSPC has a business transaction agreement to supply its products to Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. until May 2019. — Janina C. Lim
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James spent the morning sending a crystal clear message to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the wake of Kevin Love's knee injury: things will be just fine as long as James is on the court.
They spent the night backing that up against an emboldened Andrew Wiggins and the Minnesota Timberwolves, as if anyone doubted them in the first place.
James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to lead the Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyrie Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
“The one thing that we can always rely on is the fact that we've played without Kev before,” James said. “We've had to do that in the playoffs. As much as you don't like to play without some of your big guns, sometimes if it happens then you're just ready for it.”
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
“It's always competitive playing them,” Wiggins said. “I feel like it brings out the best in everybody.”
James took their time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
“It's been a burden on me since I got drafted. Why does it change now?” James said when asked if they have to do more with Love out. “Nothing's changed. I'll have my guys ready to play every single night.”
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. They hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth.
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made their surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them their best punch. They entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, their highest scoring average against any team in the league.
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit theirs from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to drop Wiggins to 0-6 against the Cavs.
“We'll get 'em eventually,” Wiggins said.
TIP-INS
Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted them No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards.
Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in their left knee.  They are expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
As they prepared to face a Timberwolves team filled with very young players trying to find their place in the league, James was asked how long it took them to turn the corner as a professional.
“I turned a corner very, very young,” James said, smiling. “Probably about 16.”
STEPHENSON INJURED
Guard Lance Stephenson has played well since signing a 10-day contract last week, and the Wolves were hoping to have their defensive intensity against James and the Cavs on Tuesday night. But Stephenson grotesquely rolled their left ankle just three minutes into their first shift and needed help walking off the floor. Stephenson hit their only two shots before they were injured.
UP NEXT
Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break.
Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
Comments
comments
The traditional pilgrimage festival marking the legacy of Saints Cyril and Methodius, Greek missionaries who brought Christianity to the Czech lands, gets underway at Velehrad in South Moravia on Wednesday.
The event, called the People of Goodwill Days, includes a number of cultural events, lectures and is traditionally attended by tens of thousands of believers. It will culminate on Thursday with a national pilgrimage and a celebratory mass.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A true test for both these teams. Both have district playoff aspirations, and have surprised with good records so far in 2017.
click to enlarge Mary Scott Hardaway
Smoke BBQ sample platter
click to enlarge Mary Scott Hardaway
Patrons dined on sample platters and fat sammies and sipped beer and cocktails at this morning shoot
10:30 a.m. is a little early for pulled pork platters, but hey, that's the price of fame. Beach Bites with Katie Lee was on the set of Smoke BBQ this morning, filming a packed house; friends of the eatery were invited to partake in some good eats, along with brews and cocktails.The Cooking Channel show's website says thatis a "local take on the best treats these islands have to offer." Peninsula/island — close enough.No official word on an air date, but we overheard a producer say the episode should air in the next few weeks.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Cheltenham Town loanee Yuri Berchiche opened the scoring for Paris Saint Germain in their 3-0 win at Lille pn Saturday.
Neymar added the second and Giovani lo Celso claimed the third for the Ligue 1 leaders.
Second-placed Marseille had closed to within eight points by beating Metz 6-3 on Friday, but PSG regained their 11-point advantage 24 hours later.
Berchiche, now 27, joined Cheltenham on loan from Tottenham Hotspur along with David Hutton in 2009, making seven League One appearance for Martin Allen's side.
Winger Hutton is now playing for Hayes & Yeading United of the Southern League Premier Division.
Left-back Berchiche signed a four-year contract with PSG last July after joining them from Real Sociedad.
They have also played for Real Union and on loan for Valladolid.
Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center
High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target
0:49
Parents are being urged to take their child to a GP if they suspect scarlet fever, after cases rose in some areas of England.
From September to the end of January, more cases have been reported compared with the same period last year.
Public Health England (PHE) urged parents to be vigilant, but said other regions of England are experiencing the same or lower levels of scarlet fever than last year.
Scarlet fever is a bacterial illness that mainly affects children and is distinctive due to its pink-red rash.
It is highly contagious and should be treated with antibiotics.
A PHE spokesperson said: “It's not uncommon to see more cases of scarlet fever during winter and spring.
“Although we have seen a small increase in cases this year, scarlet fever is usually a mild illness that can be treated with antibiotics to reduce the risk of further complications and to minimise the risk of its spread to others.
“Scarlet fever's symptoms include a sore throat, headache and fever with a characteristic sandpapery, fine, pinkish or red rash.
“Parents should pay particular attention and if you or your child develops any of these symptoms you should contact your GP for assessment.
“Children or adults diagnosed with scarlet fever are advised to stay at home until at least 24 hours after the start of antibiotic treatment to avoid spreading the infection to others.”
Since September, 3,325 cases of scarlet fever have been reported across England. Between 300 and 400 cases of scarlet fever are being reported every week. The highest levels are usually seen in March and April.
Over the past two years, the total number of cases reported by the end of April has been on the rise.
Scarlet fever usually occurs in children, mostly between the ages of two and eight.
Nurseries and schools are told to try and curb the spread of the bug through encouraging youngsters and staff to wash their hands.
More information can be obtained here
click to enlarge
Earlier this month, Crab Claw debuted their latest video for “Scoot, Scoot,” a track off upcoming LP titled. Produced by Toucan Films, the video shows Crab Claw's Walker Trull get outshined by another scooter owner with better hair.He says it's a scooter anthem, so, it's classic Crab Claw silliness, basically.“The song is about driving around on the scooter, but the video is about a girl leaving me for another guy with a mullet,” they say. “It's a love story as old as time.”will also feature such titles as “Instagram,” “Mullet Man,” “Magic: The Megan Murphy,” and, another ode to the Carolina Panthers, “Cammy Cam loves the Kids.”Trull says, “We broach topics and themes of lost love, social media jealousy, the downsides of having an awesome haircut, loneliness, alcoholism, and depression.”And if Crab Claw's Instagram isn't totally full of shit, you may catch him, mullet and all, tonight at 9 p.m. on Bravo's. They posted, “Every man has a price, and mine is embarrassingly low.”
Randy Stith, a Hempstead Village police officer, school board member and former volunteer firefighter, has been indicted, Stith and their lawyer said Tuesday.
Stith and their lawyer, Joseph Conway, said they didn't know the charges and planned to answer them in court Wednesday.
“I'm aware of how the justice system works and as a police officer, I have faith in the justice system that it will work out and that I will be vindicated,” Stith said in a phone interview Tuesday.
A spokesperson for the Nassau district attorney's office declined to comment.
Conway said their client has been a longtime public servant. “Mr. Stith has served their community with distinction for many years in several roles,” they said Tuesday. “While we have not been furnished with any charges at this time, Mr. Stith has done no wrongdoing.”
Hempstead Village Police Chief Michael McGowan and school board president Maribel Toure could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Fire Chief Steve Giardino declined to comment Tuesday on the indictment but confirmed that Stith was a former firefighter.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
A posting at police headquarters Tuesday stated that Stith had been placed on administrative leave immediately “until further notice.”
The Hempstead school district issued a statement Tuesday.
“Hempstead School Board Member Randy Stith is someone who has given years to public service and deserves the benefit of the doubt,” the school district said in a statement. “However, these are very serious allegations and if the charges are proven true, then the School District and School Board will have to address it immediately . . .”
“As the allegations do not involve any events that took place on school grounds or at school events the District cannot comment any further,” the district said.
Stith was elected to a three-year term on the school board in May 2017 and is part of the three-person board majority of David Gates, the village government's administrator, and LaMont Johnson, a member of the village's board of trustees and a former Hempstead police officer. Johnson and Gates could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.
“We are not going to comment on the indictment,” State Education Department spokesperson Emily DeSantis said in an emailed statement.
During the campaign, Stith's arrest from 2010 became an issue.
Stith was charged at the age of 19 with misdemeanor assault and criminal possession of a weapon after they allegedly hit a woman in the head with a bottle of bleach, splashing the chemical into their eyes, during a dispute over clothes at a Hempstead Laundromat, court records show.
They pleaded guilty to a second-degree harassment violation, which is not a criminal offense. They served five days in jail, paid $200 in fines and $120 in court surcharges and received a one-year conditional discharge, according to the records.
The court records with Stith's case dispositions are labeled “sealed,” but the Nassau County District Court in Hempstead made the criminal complaints and case dispositions available to Newsday over the summer. During the campaign, Stith appeared to address the incident in a Facebook video.
“Since my little incident some seven years ago, which I was found un-guilty of, I have served the community as a member of the fire department,” they said in the video.
Stith had previously served as a lieutenant in the village's volunteer fire department but left several months ago.
Village Mayor Don Ryan described Stith as their godson during their police swearing-in ceremony in June 2017 but would not comment on Tuesday.
“As a policy, we do not comment on anything involving Hempstead Village personnel matters,” Ryan said in a statement.
With Keshia Clukey
Did you spot the Red Arrows flying over the Yorkshire Dales yesterday?
The RAF's famous display team passed over the region as they returned from performing at the Blackpool Air Show on Sunday.
They were spotted over Harrogate at around 6.30pm, and later above Wetherby, although they disappointed onlookers who had gathered at Brimham Rocks by not flying close enough to be photographed.
The pilot of the Red Ten aircraft posted this stunning image of the squadron over the Dales from the cockpit of their plane.
The Red Arrows were flying back to their home base, RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Dutch bank ABN Amro says its underlying net profit, which strips out exceptional items, rose 23 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016 to 333 million euros ($351 million).
The bank, which has been restructured and re-privatized following its bailout by the Dutch government in 2008 during the global financial crisis, said Wednesday that operating income for the fourth quarter rose 7 percent to 2.2 billion euros ($2.3 billion).
CEO Kees van Dijkhuizen says that in the last quarter the bank “achieved loan growth in all of our major loan books: we were the number one provider of new mortgages in the Netherlands for the second consecutive year.”
By The Associated Press
HONOLULU (AP) — Maui fire officials say two people have died in a plane crash on Molokai, a Hawaiian island located between Oahu and Maui.
Hawaii News Now reports that the plane crashed Sunday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Allen Kenitzer says the plane crashed due to “unknown circumstances” while on its way to the Molokai Airport.
Kentizer says at least two people were aboard the plane when it crashed about 4 miles (6 kilometers) west of the airport.
Officials were notified by the Molokai air traffic control tower that communication with the plane was lost.
The Maui Fire Department, Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A car was stolen and armed thieves hit three businesses in an early-morning robbery spree today (13 June.)
Here's how it played out; a car was reported stolen from a residence on Denham Thompson way early this morning.
It's a red 1998 Honda Civic with the license plate 147-523.
Police say if this car is spotted anywhere contact them immediately.
It is believed armed robbers used that same car to travel to the Esso in Industrial Park, Dorcy Drive.
That's where police said around 4 this morning two masked men entered the gas station brandishing firearms and took money from the register before escaping in the red car. About forty minutes later police received another report of a robbery this time roughly five miles away at the Esso on Shamrock Road.
Police believe those same robbers entered the building and made off with a quantity of cash.
A third man was seen in the vehicle in this instance.
No shots were fired in either incident and there were no injuries.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
TWO men who went missing in a remote part of WA at the start of the month have turned up safely at a police station.
Marcus Byers, 41, and George Hotker, 52, left Esperance on June 30 intending to drive to Alice Springs.
On Sunday they told a friend they were at Loongana on the Trans Access Road heading towards the remote Blackstone community but an alarm was raised on Wednesday afternoon when they failed to arrive.
Mr Byers and Mr Hotker arrived in Laverton at 10.30pm Wednesday and told police they were safe.
They told police their journey was delayed due to the wet road conditions and they were unable to contact anyone due to their remoteness.
NEW YORK (AP) — The no-frills supermarket chain Lidl is opening its first wave of stores in the U.S. this summer, ahead of schedule. The Germany-based chain has plans to open up to 100 stores across the East Coast within a year.
The details of the expansion, announced Wednesday, come as Wal-Mart and traditional grocery chains already are seeing a stronger threat from German low-priced retailer Aldi, which is aggressively expanding and now has more than 1,600 U.S. stores. Both offer low prices with a focus on store label products rather than name brands.
The first 20 Lidl stores will be opening in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, where the company established its first U.S. headquarters in 2015. Originally, it planned to open its first batch of U.S. stores no later than 2018.
Top Ways to Make Extra Cash
The current economy around the world is evolving in so many ways. There are many people that are remaining in the past, and aren't evolving into this changing and volatile economy. In order to stay safe their needs to be multiple income streams. Having a corporate job does not mean you will be there for thirty years with a pension. Pensions are almost non-existent and job security just is not there anymore. Making money should be fun and not boring.
Find an Online Casino
Now I know that this sounds like a bad idea but there are smart ways to play certain games. Furthermore, many casinos out there are offering bonuses for each deposit you do which is basically like free money. Check out Ceasars casino review for the best bonus out there if you choose this as an option. The two best games to play are blackjack, and baccarat. These games offer the best odds. If you play a perfect blackjack strategy then the odds that you are going to make money increase greatly. Just make sure you have a decent bankroll in order to get started.
Learn How to Code
With this changing economy probably the best asset you can have knows how to code. Coders can make huge starting salaries that can give you a fairly comfortable life. Plus many of the jobs let you work remotely which allows you to save a ton of money on commuting, and having to go shopping for work appropriate clothes. Check out code academy in order to get started, and to see if this is something that is possible for you to learn.
Build an App
Building an app is much easier than people think. Anyone can build an app but you need to make sure it is something that people are willing to pay for. So many people build these apps in which investors are pouring in a ton of money in but they end up failing. The best place to start is to think of something that you need but is not available at the moment.
Overall, making money these days is easy as long as you are willing to evolve your skills. The days of pensions are over so you need to find your own ways to make money. Many colleges offer continuing education courses so make sure you do some research to find the best courses for you.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores2 <
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50<
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60<
Cumberlands 92, Voorhees 23<
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48<
FAU 106, Webber 46<
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53<
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39<
LSU 97, UNC Wilmington 84<
N. Kentucky 91, E. Kentucky 63<
Piedmont 71, Berea 60<
Richmond 74, James Madison 71<
Southern Miss. 89, Troy 71<
UNC Asheville 97, Milligan 60<
UT Martin 127, Cincinnati-Clermont 92<
Virginia Tech 93, Md.-Eastern Shore 40<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Posted 6 hours ago
A bruising political battle between wiper aspirants for the Machakos governorship is expected as deputy governor Bernard Kiala says they are firmly in the
BOSTON (AP) - An attorney says a Massachusetts judge should not lose their job for a relationship with a social worker that included sexual acts in their chambers.
Attorney David Hoose told the Supreme Judicial Court on Tuesday that Judge Thomas Estes has "sinned but has not sinned so severely that it should cost them their career."
Tammy Cagle has accused Estes of pressuring them into performing oral sex on them in their chambers and their home. Estes denies harassing Cagle and says the relationship was consensual.
Howard Neff is a executive director of the Commission on Judicial Conduct. They called Estes' behavior "egregious."
Neff told the court that an indefinite suspension would allow lawmakers to decide whether to remove Estes from the bench and restore public faith in the administration of justice.
A church that serves hundreds of kids in northeast Oklahoma City was the target of crime. Someone broke into the Avery Chapel AME Church near northeast 13th and Kelham Ave. and stole supplies from an after-school program.
More than 100 area kids come here for a daily after-school program.
“They eat dinner,” said Stephanie Crawford, church pastor's wife. “We give them a snack and we offer homework assistance and tutoring.”
But the church no longer has the supplies they need to help the kids.
“A lot of the supplies that we house for them is in my office,” said Crawford. “So they took all of that and the printer we use so the kids can do their homework.”
The night of the break-in, police responded twice to the church after the alarm was set off but they never caught the suspect. However, a surveillance camera caught them breaking into the church. The video is grainy, but you can see the suspect climbs on a trash can to reach a window on the second floor. They struggle for a while to pull an air conditioner out of the window. Once the AC unit is out, they crawl inside the office and spends nearly three hours inside the building.
“We were just flabbergasted when we saw someone breaking into the office,” said Crawford. “To just take items that you know we actually need for our program.”
They estimate the burglar took about $2,000 worth of equipment and supplies.
“A lot of the kids in this area don't have the necessities that they need for school,” said Crawford. “Glue sticks, paper, calculators. Stuff like that, we weren't able to give to them to use because we don't have it anymore.”
Crawford wonders why someone would steal from a church, one that helps so many in the community.
“When you try to help,” said Crawford. “And then people take from you, it just kind of breaks your spirit.”
The burglar also broke out a window in another part of the church but it does not appear they took anything from that room.
THE European transfer window is about to ignite and Cristiano Ronaldo could set off the summer frenzy, with some of the other big fish still competing in Russia.
A romantic return to former club Manchester United could be on the cards for Ronaldo, with Juventus also preparing a mega offer for the Portuguese ace who's weighing up their international future after Portugal's World Cup exit.
A Real Madrid exit appears a fait accompli for Ronaldo with Neymar likely be Real Madrid's no.1 replacement target, although 2018 World Cup stars Harry Kane (Tottenham) and Kylian Mbappe (PSG) are also on their radar.
WC WRAP: Good things come in small packages
CONFIDENCE: Anything is possible for England's Kane gang
Camera Icon Paris Saint-Germain stars Neymar (L) and Kylian Mbappe could be Real Madrid's radar. Pic: AFP Picture: AFP
PSG is the only other viable option for Ronaldo, who joined the Spaniards from Old Trafford in 2009.
Real splashed $160 million to sign Brazil 2014 stars James Rodriguez (Colombia), Toni Kroos (Germany) and Keylor Navas (Costa Rica) straight after the last World Cup and they are again watching intently.
Russia 2018 has meant a slow start in the transfer world, but with 24 of the nations eliminated and the Premier League transfer window deadline brought forward, July looms as the new August.
SHOOTOUT DRAMA: England end miserable run
FORSBERG MAGIC: Swedes edge into final eight
Camera Icon James Rodriguez (R) signed with Real after starring at the last World Cup — but life hasn't been rosy at the Bernabeu. Pic: AFP Picture: AFP
August 9 is the new Premier League deadline for clubs to buy players after clubs voted to bring it forward, with the Football League (Championship and Leagues One and Two) following suit.
Complicating matters is that continental Europe has retained the August 31 deadline, with English clubs still able to sell players until then despite the incoming deadline 22 days earlier.
AUSSIE MOVES
Former Brisbane Roar winger Brandon Borrello, whose World Cup dream was thwarted by a knee injury, looks set for a German Bundesliga move.
Portugal-based defender Nick Ansell looks set to return to Melbourne Victory to replace Rhys Williams, who is bound for Saudi Arabia.
Top-tier Freiburg are believed to be on the verge of signing Borrello from Kaiserslautern, who were relegated to the third division.
Camera Icon Brandon Borrello, pictured taking a shot on goal for Brisbane Roar, is in the sights of European clubs. Pic: Getty Picture: Getty Images
Borrello, 22, was a Kaiserslautern standout, netting three goals in 19 games and was set to be picked in Bert van Marwijk's extended Russia 2018 squad before tearing their anterior cruciate ligament in late April.
Fringe Socceroos keeper Adam Federici, 33, has joined relegated Stoke City from Bournemouth, penning a two-year deal.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Are you one of those people who always chooses more expensive supermarket items over cheaper versions?
If you are you may be paying a lot more for an identical product - as much as 86 per cent in some cases.
MirrorOnline has carried out an investigation and discovered that shoppers in four major British supermarkets - Sainsbury's, Asda, Tesco and Morrisons - could be paying over the odds for many products.
Items such as cornflakes, butter, corned beef or UHT milk as cheaper varieties of these items had no difference in ingredients or nutritional value - but the prices were very different.
There were no differences in nutritional value or ingredients between price tiers and in some cases, own-label and value products actually came from the same factory.
James Walker, of complaints website Resolver, said: “Flogging the same products at different prices is misleading for shoppers.”
Both Morrisons and Asda said there were differences between products in different price ranges. Asda said products had the 'same overall ingredients' but 'gradings differed', while Morrisons confirmed its Savers butter is sourced from inside and outside the UK but its standard butter is 'always' British. It also claimed its long life milk has 'clever' packaging.
A Tesco spokesperson told the Liverpool Echo : "We want all our own-brand products [to] offer real value and are reviewing our approach to these."
A Sainsbury's representative also added: "There are many factors which inform product specification. This will dictate the range it is in."
You can see some of the differences in price between identical products at each supermarket below.
Price differences between 'own label' and 'value' ranges
1. Sainsbury's
Basics corned beef, 340g - £1.50
Corned beef, 340g - £1.75
DIFFERENCE: 25p
2. Tesco
Tesco, Everyday value cornflakes, 500g - 45p
Cornflakes, 500g - £1
DIFFERENCE: 55p
3. Morrisons
Savers UHT skimmed milk, 1L - 57p
Longlife skimmed milk, 1L - 88p
DIFFERENCE: 31p
4. Tesco
Everyday value new potatoes in water, 567g -35p
New potatoes in water, 567g - 65p
DIFFERENCE: 30p
5. Tesco
Everyday value corned beef, 340g - £1.50
Corned Beef, 340g - £1.75
DIFFERENCE: 25p
6. Sainsbury's
Basics self-raising flour, 1.5kg - 60p
Self-raising flour, 1.5kg - 85p
DIFFERENCE: 25p
7. Asda
Smartprice Corned Beef, 340g -£1.47
Corned Beef, 340g -£1.59
DIFFERENCE: 20p
8. Asda
Smartprice garden peas in water, 300g, - 21p
Garden peas in water, 300g - 40p
DIFFERENCE: 19p
9. Morrisons
Savers clear honey, 340g - £1
Clear honey 227g - £1.13
DIFFERENCE: 13p
10. Morrisons
Savers salted butter, 250g - £1.50
Salted Butter (250g) - £1.60
DIFFERENCE: 10p
UPDATE: GFPD held a press conference stating "Today at approximately 10:30 am our officers were in the area of 52nd Street and 10th Avenue North searching for a male suspect wanted for questioning in an earlier incident. Our officers made contact with the suspect and when they brandished a weapon, they were fatally shot by our officers." GFPD went on to say that there were multiple GFPD officers involved. There were no officers injured and there is no threat to the community. The officers involved in the incident have been placed on paid administrative leave.
UPDATE: GFPD has confirmed there was an officer involved shooting near 10th Avenue North and 52nd Street today. They say the scene is safe and an investigation is underway.
There is a large police presence in the area of 38th and 10th Avenue North. The area is blocked off, but police say it is safe. We have a reporter on scene and will update you as the information comes in.
Sunny California may be getting too sunny. Increasing summer temperatures brought on by a combination of intensifying urbanization and warming climate are driving off once common low-lying morning clouds in many southern coastal areas of the state, leading to increased risk of wildfires, says a new study.
"Cloud cover is plummeting in southern coastal California," said Park Williams, a bioclimatologist at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory and lead author of the research. "And as clouds decrease, that increases the chance of bigger and more intense fires." Williams said the decrease is driven mainly by urban sprawl, which increases near-surface temperatures, but that overall warming climate is contributing, too. Increasing heat drives away clouds, which admits more sunlight, which heats the ground further, leading to dryer vegetation, and higher fire risk, said Williams. The study appears this week in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
The research follows a 2015 study in which Williams first documented a decrease in cloud cover around the sprawling Los Angeles and San Diego areas. Urban pavement and infrastructure absorb more solar energy than does the countryside, and that heat gets radiated back out into the air--a major part of the so-called heat-island effect, which makes cities generally hotter than the rural areas. At the same time, overall temperatures have been rising in California due to global warming, and this has boosted the effect. In the new study, Williams and their colleagues have found a 25 to 50 percent decrease in low-lying summer clouds since the 1970s in the greater Los Angeles area.
Normally, stratus clouds form over coastal southern California during early morning within a thin layer of cool, moist ocean air sandwiched between the land and higher air masses that are too dry for cloud formation. The stratus zone's altitude varies with weather, but sits at roughly 1,000 to 3,000 feet. But heat causes clouds to dissipate, and decades of intense urban growth plus global warming have been gnawing away at the stratus layer's base, causing the layer to thin and clouds to burn off earlier in the day or disappear altogether. Cloud bases have risen 150 to 300 feet since the 1970s, says the study. "Clouds that used to burn off by noon or 1 o'clock are now gone by 10 or 11, if they form at all," said Williams.
Williams and others have demonstrated a strong link between warming climate and increased wildfire in the western United States. But in southern California the link is more subtle, and clouds are a rarely studied part of the system.
While few scientists have looked in detail at clouds, many California airports large and small have been collecting hourly cloud observations since the 1970s, not for research, but rather for navigational safety. Williams and their colleagues decided to tap this trove to develop a fine-grained picture of changing cloud cover over the region. They then compared it to a separate large database kept by the U.S. Wildland Fire Assessment System, whose researchers have regularly measured vegetation moisture in the hills outside Los Angeles for decades. By comparing the two sets of data, the team found that periods of less cloud cover during the summer correlated neatly with lower vegetation moisture, and thus more danger of fire.
However, the study did not find that total area burned in summer has increased as a result of decreases in cloud shading. There are too many other factors at play, said Williams. These include yearly variations in rainfall, winds, locations where fires start, and perhaps most of all, decreases in burnable area as urban areas have expanded, and the increased effectiveness of fire-fighting. "Even though the danger has increased, people in these areas are very good at putting out fires, so the area burned hasn't gone up," they said. "But the dice are now loaded, and in areas where clouds have decreased, the fires should be getting more intense and harder to contain. At some point, we'll see if people can continue to keep up."
The catastrophic California-wide fires that consumed over 550,000 acres in fall of 2017 were probably not strongly affected by the reductions in summer cloud cover, said Williams. Although they did find that vegetation is drier in fall seasons that follow summers with few clouds, the fall 2017 fires were driven mainly by extreme winds and a late onset of the fall rainy season. And ironically, part of this record wildfire wave resulted not from a recent record four-year drought driven in part by climate change, but rather from record rains that followed the drought, which produced a surfeit of flammable vegetation. Things will vary year to year, but Williams said they expect to see overall fire danger increase in California, as long as there is adequate vegetation to burn.
The other authors of the study are Pierre Gentine of Columbia's Department of Earth and Environmental Engineering; Max Moritz and Dar Roberts of the University of California, Santa Barbara; and John Abatzoglou of the University of Idaho, Moscow.
###
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N. human rights chief says North Korea's leadership has cracked down on human rights by further restricting movements and making “horrific” prison conditions more severe amid tensions over its nuclear and missile tests.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein told the Security Council Monday that a chronic lack of food, partly due to resources which are diverted to the military, has made humanitarian aid provided by the U.N. and others “literally a lifeline for some 13 million acutely vulnerable individuals.”
They urged the council to assess the human rights impact of sanctions that have slowed aid deliveries and minimize the humanitarian consequences.
Zeid also criticized China for returning North Koreans who escape from their country, saying they “are routinely subjected to multiple forms of torture and ill-treatment.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Court documents unsealed in the investigation into Prince's death paint a picture of a man struggling with an addiction to prescription opioids and withdrawal, with various pills stashed in bottles around the pop superstar's suburban Minneapolis studio and estate.
But the search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday shed no new light on how Prince got the fentanyl that killed him.
The documents were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues. They show authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how they got the fentanyl, a synthetic opioid drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
The documents don't reveal answers to that question, but do provide the most details yet seen on Prince's struggle with addiction to prescription opioids in the days before they died.
Advertisement
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park estate on April 21. Just six days earlier, they passed out on a plane and had to be revived with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
Associates at Paisley Park also told investigators that Prince was recently “going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication,” an affidavit said.
The documents unsealed Monday allege Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, a family physician who saw the musician twice last April, told authorities they prescribed the opioid painkiller oxycodone to Prince but put it under the name of Prince's bodyguard and close friend, Kirk Johnson, “for Prince's privacy.,”
Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, disputed that. They said in a statement that Schulenberg “never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did they ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince.”
F. Clayton Tyler, Johnson's attorney, released a statement saying that after reviewing the documents, “we believe that it is clear that Kirk Johnson did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death.”
Schulenberg is practicing family medicine in Minnesota and Conners said there are no restrictions on their license.
It is illegal for a doctor to write a prescription for someone under another person's name.
Joe Tamburino, a Minnesota defense attorney who is not associated with the Prince case, said while Schulenberg and Johnson could face charges if the allegations are true, it's unlikely state or federal prosecutors would pursue them. They called them low-level offenses that wouldn't draw prison time.
They said for prosecutors, the source of the fentanyl is the big target.
“The oxycodone in this case is only tangential to the whole case,” Tamburino said, later adding. “The real meat and potatoes is going to be that fentanyl thing.”
The documents said Prince did not have any prescriptions, including for fentanyl.
James L. Jones, a spokesperson for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's field office in Chicago, said anyone convicted of writing a prescription for someone under another person's name could lose their DEA registration — meaning they could no longer prescribe medications — and could face discipline from their state medical board.
In practice, laws against prescribing drugs for someone under a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo. They represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
“They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced,” Garofalo said Monday.
Oxycodone, the generic name for the active ingredient in OxyContin, was not listed as a cause of Prince's death. But it is part of a family of painkillers driving the nation's overdose and addiction epidemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Nearly 2 million Americans abused or were addicted to prescription opioids, including oxycodone, in 2014.
Patients who take prescription opioids eventually build up a tolerance and need to take stronger doses to get the same effect. In some patients, the cycle leads to addiction.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles for Johnson. Some pills in other bottles were marked “Watson 853,” a label used for a drug that is a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone, another opioid painkiller. Last August, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press that at least one of those pills tested positive for fentanyl, meaning the pill was counterfeit and obtained illegally. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation.
In addition to the dozens of pills recovered, authorities also found a pamphlet for an addiction recovery center in California, the documents unsealed Monday show. The day before Prince died, Paisley Park staffers contacted the California addiction specialist as they were trying to get Prince help.
Prince did not have a cellphone and authorities searched multiple email accounts that they believed they were using, as they tried to determine how they got the drug that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents also say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name “Peter Bravestrong” on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when they traveled.
Investigators have said little publicly about the case over the last year, other than it is active.
Carthage head coach Scott Surratt calls it ink poisoning, but the Associated Press released it preseason poll Monday. As you would expect, the reigning Class 4A Division I champions are number one in Class 4A. And Gilmer is right behind them.
From Class 6A, John Tyler received respect and is ranked number 16.
Class 3a is loaded! Arp and West Rusk are in the same district, so that's fun. Defending champion Mineola is 14th.
And down in 2A, usual suspect Tenaha is ranked 2nd. Watch the video for all the rankings.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
Three charities have received a share of £100,000 from Yorkshire Building Society Charitable Foundation after being nominated by people in Knaresborough.
Harrogate Naturalist Society, Saint Michael's Hospice and Yorkshire Air Ambulance have been given £100 each after the Society's Small Change Big Difference® Month campaign.
The Charitable Foundation is funded through the Small Change Big Difference® scheme where members donate the pennies from the annual interest on their accounts to help charities and good causes.
A total of 1,000 charities and good causes received £100,000 after being nominated by people at Yorkshire Building Society branches around the UK.
Rosie Brierley, manager of the Knaresborough branch of Yorkshire Building Society, said: “I'd like to say a huge thank you to everyone who came into the branch to nominate a charity for a donation during our Small Change Big Difference Month campaign.
“I hope these donations will enable the charities to carry on their wonderful work here in Knaresborough.”
Small Change Big Difference Month took place between September 19 and October 15.
In 2015, the Charitable Foundation paid 1,502 donations totalling £392,276 to good causes and charities throughout the UK.
For more information about the Small Change Big Difference® scheme and the Charitable Foundation visit www.ybs.co.uk/charitablefoundation
President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message, telling reporters as they posed for photos with senior military leaders that this might be "the calm before the storm."
The president refused Friday to elaborate on what they meant, saying simply, "You'll find out."
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided they wanted the press to document a dinner they were holding with the military leaders and their spouses.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, their highest-ranking military aides and their spouses posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
"You guys know what this represents?" Trump asked. "Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm."
"What storm, Mr. President?" one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
Trump would not say. Nor would they clarify the next day during a gathering of manufacturers at the White House, once again teasing that an announcement would be forthcoming down the road.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders also declined to elaborate, saying Friday, "We're never going to say in advance what the president will do."
They also denied that Trump was simply being mischievous in an effort to mislead reporters.
During the military dinner, Trump praised those assembled for the photo, saying: "We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that."
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including their defense secretary and chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said "tremendous progress" had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, "I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time."
They also denounced Iran, saying the country should not be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons, and offered another stark warning to North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
"We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or allies with unimaginable loss of life," they said, vowing to "do what we must do to prevent that from happening and it will be done, if necessary. Believe me."
They also said that, moving forward, they expect those in the room to provide them with "a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace."
___
AP writers Laurie Kellman and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
(04-15-2017 Dacono, CO) Westminster's Darren Robertson entered the 2017 first race with an all-new car and paint scheme and sent a notice to the rest of the Super Late Model teams that they will be a force in 2017. Robertson was unstoppable in every groove on the track and powered their way to the front to take the first win of the year in dramatic fashion. Chris Cox and Natalie Phelps were victorious in the Super Stocks and Pure Stocks.
Gillet Vet Clinic Super Late Models
Anticipation was in the air as the Gillet Vet Clinic Super Late Models took the track for the very first time in 2017. Adding to the excitement was the fantastic field of cars. 23 Super Late's lined up to take the green flag for their 40 lap feature event.
#08 Jace Hansen and #12 Bruce “the Moose” Yackey paced the field for the start of the main event as the green flag flew. Right off the bat their was contact in turns 3 & 4 between #9 Justin Simonson and #6 of Dominic Ursetta causing most of the field to scramble to miss the spinning Simonson. With the yellow flag waving and a giant cloud of dust and debris drivers and crews assessed the damage. Thankfully most the field was able to continue.
Dominic Ursetta had set quick time with a 16.318 and also won the fast dash but got stuck behind Mark Neff in the #42 who had mechanical problems on the restart. Ursetta lost several positions but would still be a factor late in the race.
Out in front Jace Hansen was settling into their groove with Simonson close behind. Yet Darren Robertson in the new black and florescent yellow #11 was methodically working their way to the front and currently riding in 3rd position. It was clear that Robertson was fast as they could run both the low and high side of the track. Robertson passed Simonson low and eventually went high to steal the lead from Jace Hansen.
Hansen would get two final chances to retake the lead when Darren got stuck behind lapped traffic just passed the halfway mark of the race. And with 5 laps remaining #14 Ortiz brought out the yellow as they ground to a halt in the turn 2 corners. Yet neither time Hansen was able to get by the speedy Robertson.
On the final restart Robertson chose the outside lane and used it to their benefit muscling out front and taking the well earned win. Hansen settled for 2nd place and a furious final few laps for Ursetta granted them 3rd place as they used every trick in the book and a great degree of driving skill to get by Simonson who finished 4th and #58 Kyle Ray who finished in the final spot in the top 5 cars.
The Super Late Models return to action next week April 22nd.
FEATURE: #11 Darren Robertson
FAST DASH: #6 Dominic Ursetta
DASH: #27 Roger Avants
QUICK TIME: #6 Dominic Ursetta 16.318
Great Scott's Eatery Super Stocks
Kody Vanderwal from LaSalle Colorado jumped out to a large lead at the start of the Great Scott's Eatery Super Stock feature event in the gray and blue #43 car and began to build their lead. Yet you could tell from the get-go that the two cars to keep your eye on was #49 Chris Cox and #99 Nic Brinlee who both started deep in the field in 8th and 9th position. Cox was clearly on their game in their new Ford Super Stock setting quick time with a 19.733 and winning the fast dash. As Cox and Brinlee battled for position they flew to the front of the pack in furious fashion passing cars high and low.
By the time Cox and Brinlee caught Vanderwal it was evident that it was only a matter of time before they would take over the top spot. Cox, Brinlee, and #3 Michael Cox sandwiched the #43 car shuffling Vanderwal back to 4th place.
Once out front Chris Cox put the hammer down and built a lead on the field that not even Brinlee could match. Chris Cox took the win with Brinlee and Michael Cox a distant 2nd and 3rd.
The Super Stocks return to action on May 13th.
FEATURE: #49 Chris Cox
FAST DASH: #49 Chris Cox
DASH: #04 Wayne Simmons II
QUICK TIME: #49 Chris Cox 19.733
Lincoln College Pure Stocks
It being the first race of the year was no more evident than in the Lincoln College Pure Stocks division. The 25 lap feature event was littered with caution flag after caution flag. In most likely the worst of the incidents Colton Green in the #38 car crashed hard into the back straight wall destroying their car on their debut appearance. Colton wasn't alone as the race was eventually shortened due to the mass amount of yellow flags.
The bright spot of the race was Cheyenne Wyoming's Natalie Phelps in the #98 who led the majority of the laps to the roar of the crowd. If the CNS fans were any indication Natalie was winning their hearts running a great race and quickly becoming a fan favorite. But even Natalie wasn't immune from the carnage as on the final lap #7 David Robinson made contact with their left rear quarter panel sending them spinning out of turn two as the crowd groaned and booed. Yet with the white flag waving NASCAR officials gave their position back and therefore the win. It was Natalie's first feature win of their career.
The Pure Stocks return to action April 29th.
FEATURE: #98 Natalie Phelps
FAST DASH: #98 Natalie Phelps
DASH: #29g Justin Griffin
QUICK TIME: #7 David Robinson 20.246
Witthar Racing Trains
Taylor Bellomy and Stephanie Brown dominated the Witthar Racing Trains feature event and capped off the evening by having their marriage proposal in winner's circle. Stephanie said “yes” and set into motion their “Crazy Train” of life. Congrats to Taylor and Stephanie!!
The Trains return to action Saturday May 6th.
FEATURE: #13 Crazy Train (Taylor & Stephanie)
Race Rental Modifieds
FEATURE: #1 Brian Eggleston
QUICK TIME: #92 Mark Noran 22.530
OFFICIAL RESULTS
Super Late Models
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 11 Darren Robertson Westminster
2. 08 Jace Hansen Broomfield
3. 6 Dominic Ursetta* Arvada
4. 9 Justin Simonson Wheatridge
5. 58 Kyle Ray Littleton
6. 22 Chris Eggleston Thornton
7. 84 Matt Zwingleberg Parker
8. 27 Roger Avants Littleton
9. 32 Brett Yackey Greeley
10. 12 Bruce Yackey Greeley
11. 19 Matthew Martinez (R) Thornton
12. 91 Chris Atkinson Cheyenne
13. 28 Dan Alamaa Colorado Springs
14. 34K Kody Vanderwal (R) LaSalle
15. 80 Ray Daniels Monument
16. 39 Jack Nugent Longmont
17. 22X Mark Jones Denver
18. 13m Rick McComb* Pueblo
19. 25 Monty Skinner Black Hawk
20. 82 Michael Scott (R) Cheyenne
21. 14A Alejandro Ortiz (R) Denver
22. 42 Mark Neff Westminster
23. 29 Matt Brunker Lakewood
DNS 2W AJ Warren (R) Mead
Super Stocks
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 49 Chris Cox Lochbuie
2. 99 Nicholas Brinlee Broomfield
3. 3 Michael Cox Englewood
4. 43 Kody Vanderwal LaSalle
5. 22D Robert Davey Erie
6. 51 Jax Hughes Lakewood
7. 7 David Robinson Johnstown
8. 24 Nathan Gasser Lochbuie
9. 04 William Simmons II Pueblo
10. 5 Glen Poston Thornton
11. 02 Darrell Smith Littleton
12. 19 Shelby Cortese Thornton
13. 21 Christopher Nelson Arvada
14. 24x Aaron Masters
15. 11t Nicholas Tabor Cheyenne
16. 1 Makayla Grote Greeley
17. 45 Rebecca Simpson Colo Springs
18. 32 Cody Milan (R) Ft. Collins
19. 82E James Larsen Pueblo
20. 14 Scott Miller Brighton
21. 56 Eric Pierce Ft Lupton
22. 55 Damian Lockhart Arvada
DNS 53 David Noah (R) Lakewood
Pure Stocks
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 98 Natalie Phelps* Cheyenne
2. 00x Jake Fitzgerald Longmont
3. 31 Michael Matthiesen Dacono
4. 99S Sam Messerli Thornton
5. 03 Tyler Mander Evans
6. 77 Michael Merchant Gill
7. 8 David Lewis Firestone
8. 86 Tim Coate Littleton
9. 38 Jesse Davis Thornton
10. 51 Joseph Dike Westminster
11. 07 Joseph Hilton Wheatridge
12. 02 Chan Raley Thornton
13. 85 Ryan Bourassa Greeley
14. 13 Issac Slinker Greeley
15. 52 Chad Southerland Commerce City
16. 82 Justin Karrol LaSalle
17. 06 Brian DeBauche (R) Denver
18. 99R Ryan Raley Jr Thornton
19. 57 Kyle Quintrall (R) Denver
20. 29G Justin Griffin Greeley
21. 38C Colton Green (R) Arvada
22. 7 David Robinson Johnstown
Trains
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 13 Crazy Train Taylor and Stephanie
2. 86 Last Call Jared and Terry
3. 7 Cole Train *
4. 8 Anger Management Kelly and Nic
5. 69 Princess TAmmy *
DNS 5 Hearse Train *
Race Rental Modifieds
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 1 Bryan Eggleston
2. 92 Mark Noran
3. 5 Jordan Jackson
4. 21 Adam Parker
5. 34 Shawn Stallings
6. 11 Steve Web
7. 12 Curtis Cheatwood
8. 4 Dave Nowell
9. 88 John Benis
Spin Cycle News, views and commentary on Long Island, state and national politics.
ALBANY — The process for filling the vacancy on New York's highest court got underway Monday following the death of Judge Sheila Abdus-Salaam.
The Commission on Judicial Nomination, the screening committee for filling posts on the state Court of Appeals, announced it would accept applications through May 19. The commission, per state law, reviews and interviews candidates, then submits up to seven potential nominees to the governor, who selects one.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The commission said it intended to present Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo with a field of candidates no later than Aug. 15.
Abdus-Salaam, 65, a pioneering judge who became the first black woman to serve on the Court of Appeals, was found dead in the Hudson River last week in what police are calling an apparent suicide. Investigators have said there were no signs of foul play.
After a lengthy career, Abdus-Salaam had reached the top of New York's legal system when Cuomo appointed them to the Court of Appeals in 2013. In a statement after their death, the governor called them a “trailblazing jurist whose life in public service was in pursuit of a more fair and more just New York for all.”
A 25-year-old man was found dead in Grapevine Lake near Katie's Woods park this week. Osborne, Ryan - Fort Worth Google Maps
“I'd prefer to think I'm ahead of my time instead of a contrarian,” Glenn Fleishman writes for Macworld. “My wife and I cut the cord many years ago, and have survived ever since on discs, downloads, streaming media, and over-the-air (OTA) programming.”
“One thing we've faced, however, is a shortage of options to record programs. Because digital video recorders (DVRs) shifted a few years ago to being mostly a commodity item offered by a programming provider like Xfinity or Dish, the market for standalone units shrunk,” Fleishman writes. “There are a few: Tablo, Tivo, and a couple of more niche brands.”
“However, these standalone units record data to internal drives, and rely on apps, streaming, and other controls to give you access,” Fleishman writes. “Since I have a Mac that's on all the time and has terabytes of available storage, I'd prefer keeping control in my hands, storing recordings locally on my Mac, and choosing how I time and space shift.”
Tons more in the full article – recommended for cord-cutters – here.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says they developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having their kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
They said they were told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but their lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because they waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
They said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, they said, they were not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of their service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on their right kidney and they were referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
They ordered a series of tests. Based on those, they concluded they had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and their ureter be surgically removed, to which they agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told them the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that they had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” they said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery they had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
They added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, they said, several people encouraged them to launch a lawsuit, but they declined.
It was only when they were applying for a disability pension, they said, that they read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told them and their husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of their concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before their kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that they should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and they maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. They also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to their diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said they left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When they underwent a medical exam as part of their release from the military later in 2000, they talked about the misdiagnoses as part of their reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that they were capable of commencing legal action, they said, which is why they waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
LAHORE: The Lahore High Court (LHC) was assured on Monday that the legislation to enforce fundamental rights of domestic workers would be completed soon.
The assurance was given by a provincial law officer on behalf of the government before Justice Jawad Hassan who was hearing an application filed by Subay Khan questioning the failure to implement the rights of domestic workers. The law officer also produced a draft bill on protection of domestic workers' rights.
At this, the court allowed the plea and directed Punjab government to complete the legislation within two months.
Advocate Shiraz Zaka, on behalf of petitioner, had argued that in 2015, the former LHC chief justice had directed the government to frame a policy on the wages of domestic workers.
HOUSTON (AP) — Texans coach Bill O'Brien said Monday that they wouldn't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday's game after an alarming hit that gave them a concussion and left the quarterback's hands shaking if they had seen the video of the hit.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil.
Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms shaking and lifted upward.
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series.
Advertisement
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline at the end of that possession.
They were then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that they did have a concussion.
“There's no video on the sideline. All there are are tablets,” O'Brien said. “There's no video, there's nothing like that. With benefit of seeing the video … (and) the care for the player, I would've never let that player back in the game, and I don't believe that (trainer) Geoff Kaplan would've allowed that player back in the game. I don't have benefit of the video. I did not see anything.”
Also on Monday an NFL spokesperson said the league is looking into whether concussion protocol was properly followed after Savage was injured.
League spokesperson Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association “together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it.”
O'Brien talked at length about the way Savage's concussion was handled and explained the series of events that led to them leaving the game. They shared what they were told after the second evaluation.
“They came to me, they were not satisfied with their answers to the questions that they were asking him, and they pulled them from the game,” O'Brien said.
The hit occurred in the end zone and O'Brien said they were near the 50-yard line when it happened and that they did not see it live. They said they assumed Savage got hit on the play, which was an incomplete pass, but didn't know for sure until later.
“At no point in time is there anything more important to me than the safety of our players,” they said. “I love our players and I care about them and I cannot stand when players get injured. Again, with benefit of seeing the video that people are seeing, I would've never put them back in the game.”
O'Brien didn't have an update on Savage's condition on Monday, but said that they expect backup T.J. Yates to start on Sunday against the Jaguars. Yates took over against the 49ers after Savage was injured for their first game action since 2015.
Savage and Yates are the only quarterbacks on Houston's roster so the team will likely need to sign another quarterback to back up Yates on Sunday.
While O'Brien discussed what happened on Sunday, they wouldn't share their feelings about how the process of evaluating players for concussions could be improved or if they find it worrisome that the procedure allowed Savage to return when they had a concussion.
“I think these are great questions, but I'm just here to tell you what my role is in it and I think those are questions for someone else. I really do,” they said.
___
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
A man lays a flower at a memorial along Yonge Street, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Toronto, the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks, striking and killing numerous pedestrians in their path. (Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP)
A man lays a flower at a memorial along Yonge Street, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Toronto, the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks, striking and killing numerous pedestrians in their path. (Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP)
Here are some of the deadliest mass murders in recent Canadian history:
April 23, 2018: A man drives a white van for about a mile along a crowded Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 people and seriously injuring at least 13 others. Police arrest suspect Alek Minassian. The motive remains unclear.
Jan. 29, 2017: Six people are killed and eight injured when a man goes on a shooting rampage at a Quebec City mosque. University student Alexandre Bissonnette, who had taken far-right political positions on social media, pleads guilty.
June 4, 2015: A man uses a semi-automatic rifle to fatally shoot three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and wound two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. It's the deadliest attack on the Royal Canadian Mounted Police since four officers were killed by a gunman in the western province of Alberta in 2005. That attack remains the deadliest on Canadian police officers in 120 years.
Dec. 29, 2014: In the worst mass shooting in Edmonton, a man suspected of domestic violence shoots and kills six adults and two young children in two different homes before killing themselves in a restaurant where they worked.
April 5, 1996: Angered by their wife's divorce action, Mark Chahal kills them and eight other members of their family in Vernon, British Columbia, before shooting himself.
Sept. 18, 1992: A bomb kills nine strike-breaking workers at the Giant Yellowknife gold mine in the Northwest Territories.
Dec. 6, 1989: A man with a semi-automatic rifle storms into an engineering classroom at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal, asks men to leave and then kills 14 women before turning the gun on himself. Gunman Marc Lepine says they were "fighting against feminists" they blamed for their troubles.
Sept. 1, 1972: An arson attack on a downtown Montreal night club kills 37 people and injures 64. Gasoline was spread on the stairway of Blue Bird Cafe and then ignited. Most of the deaths occurred in the Wagon Wheel country-western bar upstairs. Three young men from Montreal who had earlier been denied entry for drunkenness were convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
___
Replaces 1996 entry to correct name of shooter to Mark Chahal.
For anyone who has ever read "Crime and Punishment" and then really wanted to see a frat boy version - Bro-stoyevsky, if you will - your movie has finally arrived.
"American Animals" is about a foursome of Kentucky college students - all white kids from privileged backgrounds - who in 2004 decided to steal some extremely valuable books from the Lexington library at Transylvania University. They are motivated less by the millions the books (particularly John James Audubon's multi-volume "The Birds of America") could fetch than a desire to step beyond a line and turn their regular lives into something "special."
"We're supposed to be hunter gatherers, man," one says to another in a grocery store aisle.
The irony is that their brazen plot turns them into just another kind of cliché - hapless, dimwitted criminals - and leaves them ultimately with nothing but regret and shame. Oh, and this movie.
Bart Layton's "American Animals" isn't just a dramatization of the 2004 heist. It's frequently narrated and commented upon by the real guys whose story the film is based on. Warren Lipka, Spencer Reinhard, Eric Bosuk and Charles Allen II all appear in documentary-style interviews that punctuate the heist narrative, looking back years later with ashen remorse that may or may not mask their pleasure at starring in their own movie.
It opens, cleverly, with the words "This is not based on a true story." Then, with a puff, the middle words blow away leaving only, "This is a true story." Layton has previously played with hybrids of fiction and nonfiction. Their 2012 documentary "The Imposter," about the shape-shifting con artist Frederic Bourdin, was as manipulative and deceptive as its sly subject.
And especially in the first half of "American Animals," Layton works hard - too hard - to impress its own stranger-than-fiction playfulness. The talking-head testimonies of the guys, along with their parents and teachers, are joined with scenes in which characters question each other's memories. Layton sometimes plays multiple versions of scenes, like the foggily remembered meeting with a possible fence to sell the books in New York.
The what's-true-what's-not tricks, reminiscent of last year's "I, Tonya," are - like the students' own high-minded plans - not quite as smart as Layton seems to think. But the actors are quite good. Barry Keoghan ("The Killing of a Sacred Deer") plays Spencer, a talented painter in search of some artistic suffering. "Art has to be about something more than: My life is great and I'm really good at drawing," they say.
The valuable books first catch their eye, but it's their friend Warren (Evan Peters) who's the ringleader. While their parents are divorcing, Warren lets their athletic scholarship slide and refashions themselves as a James Dean rebel and small-time thief. Through charisma and cajoling, they assemble a team (Jared Abrahamson and Blake Jenner play Bosuk and Allen) and what starts as a hypothetical lark turns into a genuine if poorly considered plot, predicated on disabling the middle-aged librarian (Ann Dowd) and dressing up as elderly men in costumes that mostly resemble 1970s Dick Van Dykes.
They make a study of heist movies, watching films like Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing," giving themselves "Reservoir Dogs" nicknames and imagining a smooth, stylish "Ocean's 11" operation. In a sense, "American Animals" rewards them with the notoriety they sought. And it's reasonable to wonder if the film - which conflates their crime with the existential malaise of American youth - isn't just another way for them to profit for what they deserve only punishment. (Allen also wrote a 2010 book titled "Mr. Pink." Reinhard is still painting.)
There's plenty hollow in the self-aware machinations of "American Animals." But there's also something affecting in Reinhard's regret and how the film charts the swift, crushing fall of a dopey, quixotic idea hatched by kids who don't realize that what they're playing at isn't a game. "American Animals" would be a legitimate cautionary tale if it wasn't invalidated by its own existence.
"American Animals," a Orchard and MoviePass Ventures release, is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for "language throughout, some drug use and brief crude/sexual material." Running time: 116 minutes. Two stars out of four.
___
MPAA definition of R: Restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
On Saturday evening, Day'zshia McKinley had not yet called them mother.
That was unusual because the 27-year-old mother of three called them every day.
"I would tell her, 'You don't have to call me every day,'" Yvette Robson said in a telephone interview Monday night. "But they would say I was their best friend and they were going to call."
McKinley never called Saturday.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
They were shot to death Saturday evening minutes after they opened the door to their apartment in the 4400 block of Thornton Street in northwest Fort Worth, their mother said.
McKinley died from a gunshot wound to their chest and their death has been ruled a homicide, according to officials with the Tarrant County medical examiner's office.
No one has been arrested in the case.
"Homicide (detective unit) is working diligently," Fort Worth police spokesperson Jimmy Pollozani said in an email.
The shooting was reported shortly before 7 p.m. Saturday at the Providence at Marine Creek Apartments.
Residents reported hearing gunshots, and McKinley was found dead in an apartment breezeway.
Robson said their daughter opened the apartment door and stepped out onto the breezeway. Residents reported hearing a scuffle and then the gunshots.
McKinley's three young boys, ages 5, 3 and 18 months, were in the apartment just a few feet from the shooting.
"I'm so proud of the mother they were to those boys," Robson said as they fought back tears. "And the person they are."
Born in St. Paul, Minn., McKinley and their family moved to Texas in 2006, and they graduated from Brewer High School in Fort Worth.
Former Brewer classmate Elijah Jimenez called McKinley a "genuine person" who was kind and always gave helpful advice.
"She always had a smile on their face no matter what they were going through," Jimenez said. "I can't explain how amazing they are."
Robson called their daughter the "happy sappy."
"She was a very happy person," Robson said. "She would warm up to anyone. We would go to Walmart and we would be there for hours because they would start talking to someone."
Them warm personality was evident in the numerous calls Robson has received from doctors, bankers and others in the community expressing their sorry for them loss.
McKinley was a single mother who had worked at Goodwill Industries for the last year.
"I love them so much," Robson said. "She really was a good person."
Police declined to say whether they had any leads in the case, saying only that they were working on it.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes hinted Friday that there would be additional memos released regarding the committee's investigation into alleged abuse of FISA warrants -- and the next one may look at the State Department.
Scroll for more content...
On Friday, President Donald Trump approved the declassification of a highly controversial memo, spearheaded by Nunes, that alleges FBI abuses of its surveillance authority.
When asked on Fox News if more memos would come out, the California Republican responded: "Yes, this completes just the FISA abuse portion of our investigation."
Nunes went on to say that the "investigation is ongoing."
"We are in the middle of what I call 'phase two' of our investigation, which involves other departments," Nunes said. "Specifically the State Department and some of the involvement they had in this."
Nunes also explained that despite their extensive involvement in the memo, they had not seen the FISA application from the memo released Friday, because of an agreement made with the Justice Department.
"The agreement we made with the Department of Justice was to create a reading room and allow one member and two investigators to review the documents," Nunes said. "I thought the best person on our committee will be the chairperson of the oversight committee, (Rep. Trey) Gowdy. They would come back with their notes and brief the rest of the committee members."
The exciting new artists who will perform on the BBC Music Introducing stages at this year's Leeds Festival have been revealed.
Announced by BBC Radio 1 DJ Huw Stephens, a host of rising stars will appear over the three days at Bramham Park from August 24-26.
Friday at Leeds Festival will see live performances on the BBC Music Introducing stage by Alibi, Anna Straker, Chroma, Deadset Dream, Ginger Snaps, Honey Lung, Low Island, Mosa Wild, Penguin, Queen Zee and The Sasstones, Rock Bottom Risers, and The Pale White.
Saturday will see Avenoir, Brooke Bentham, Honey Arcade, Moses, Olly Chamberlain, Phundo Art, Plaza, Rale, Scott Quinn, Sugarman, The Golden Age of TV and TOUTS.
Finally, Sunday will see Cassia, Colouring, Dan Stock, Ider, Island, KOYO, Pale Waves, Playing House, Sœur, Too Many Ts, Verschieden and Will Sin For Love.
All the regionally-based bands will also appear on alternate days at Reading Festival.
Huw Stephens said: “Reading and Leeds is a huge deal for music fans and playing it is an even bigger deal.
"BBC Music Introducing is a really exciting part of the festival now, showcasing new talent that's breaking through and championed by the shows that nominate them to play.
"Festival-goers will see something new and awesome every time you stop by."
Big name artists sucha Florence and The Machine, Catfish and the Bottlemen, Slaves, Jack Garratt, The 1975, Jake Bugg, Rae Morris, James Bay, Izzy Bizu and George Ezra all received BBC Music Introducing support at the start of their careers
Portland Trail Blazers guard Damian Lillard is defended by Detroit Pistons forward Blake Griffin, left, during the second half of an NBA basketball game in Portland, Ore., Saturday, March 17, 2018. The Blazers won 100-87. (AP Photo/Steve Dykes)
Portland Trail Blazers guard Damian Lillard is defended by Detroit Pistons forward Blake Griffin, left, during the second half of an NBA basketball game in Portland, Ore., Saturday, March 17, 2018. The Blazers won 100-87. (AP Photo/Steve Dykes)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Maurice Harkless thinks they see something pleasantly repetitive about the Portland Trail Blazers' 13-game winning streak.
"Every time a team tries to go on a run, we always bounce back," Harkless said.
There was more of that Sunday night, with the Blazers jumping out to double-digits leads and the desperate Los Angeles Clippers trying to put a run together, only for Portland to bounce back and roll to a 122-109 victory.
Even Portland stars Damian Lillard (23 points) and CJ McCollum (21) can sense a change among the Blazers.
"In the past when teams have made a run, I've tried to go out there and will us in the right way, or CJ will try," Lillard said. "But this year, we're leaning on each other. We trust in each other and guys are coming through. We're getting guys hitting big shots, big steals, big defense, hitting big free throws. We're just trusting in it more and more."
Portland's dynamic guard duo led five Blazers players in double-figures, with Harkless scoring 21 points, Jusuf Nurkic 17 along with 12 rebounds and Al-Farouq Aminu adding 16 points.
It was all too much for a Clippers team that dropped a third consecutive game and fell two games back of the final playoff spot in the Western Conference. The Clippers have 13 games remaining.
"They played last night and you couldn't tell," Clippers coach Doc Rivers said of the Blazers. "They played hard. I thought they played better than us, which I don't say very often. We got attacked all night on both ends of the court and then everybody made shots for them."
Lou Williams led the Clippers with 30 points. Montrezl Harrell had 24 points and DeAndre Jordan had 16 rebounds for Los Angeles. Austin Rivers' 15 points was the best of any Clippers starter.
"Sometimes you've just got to have a sense of urgency and understand that if you drop a couple more games, now you're cutting it close," Austin Rivers said. "We have 13 games left, so there's not too many more games that we can drop."
Portland went on a 12-0 run late in the second quarter, only for the Clippers to pull back within four points before trailing 58-52 at the half.
The Blazers put together a 10-0 run early in the third quarter and led 91-81 going into the fourth quarter. A jumper by Williams cut the lead to eight, but the Blazers led by double-digits the rest of the way, and the streak was 13.
"I appreciate it," Portland coach Terry Stotts said. "Enjoying it is tough. You get ready for the next game. You don't want to get comfortable. I think that's been one of our strengths as a team, coaches and players. We understand what time of year (it is) and what has to be done."
TIP-INS
Trail Blazers: There were some grumblings by some on the Detroit side after Portland's win Sunday that the Blazers were playing a tad on the rough side, which amused Stotts: "That could be the first time in my tenure that one of my teams has been accused of being overly physical. So I was pleased with those comments."
Clippers: F Danilo Gallinari remained out with a fractured right hand. There has been no medical update in a week, since the team said they had resumed running. They have also battled leg injuries and played in only 19 games this season. In a season when the Clippers have been ravaged with injury, Doc Rivers said their loss has been the most significant: "Overall, of the guys we've missed, it's Gallo. It's not even close."
UP NEXT
Trail Blazers: Return home to play Houston on Tuesday.
Clippers: Start a four-game road trip on Tuesday in Minnesota.
___
More AP NBA: www.apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
VILLANOVA. The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early. The Wildcats knew they'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents. Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them, both saying this week they will remain in the draft.
MARYLAND. The Terps knew they'd be without Justin Jackson after they signed with an agent. The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some, but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft, leaving Maryland without its top two players. At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando, who decided to return for their sophomore season.
STANFORD. Reid Travis' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft. That should have been good news for the Cardinal, but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them, Travis announced they would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer.
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON. The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return. The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program's first Sweet 16 since 1997.
BOSTON COLLEGE. The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson, the ACC's second-leading scorer, opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft. Their return would've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program's first NCAA bid since 2009. The good news: Ky Bowman, the ACC's top returning scorer, decided to withdraw from the draft.
UCLA. The Bruins lost one of the nation's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March. UCLA's big loss was offset, at least to a degree, by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood. The Bruins are still waiting for first-year student forward Cody Riley to announce their decision.
KANSAS. The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent. But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced they will return for their junior season instead of remaining in the draft.
MICHIGAN STATE. The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early. Michigan State received good news this week, though, when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing.
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Marshall, The Associated Press
An injured demonstrator receives first aid after being injured by a shotgun blast during clashes with the police, as they were protesting against Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega, in Managua, Nicaragua, Monday, May 28, 2018. Violence returned to Nicaragua when riot police confronted protesters and students seized a university. Esteban Felix AP Photo
SNOW has cause the closure of 21 schools across Conwy County today.
The county continues to be covered in shades of white this morning following sub zero temperatures over the weekend which brought in large amounts of snow.
Widespread frost and ice was forecast for this morning with Conwy still recording a reading of 0 degrees at 10am this morning, having had an overnight low of -1 degree.
The cold, frosty weather is set to clear as the day goes on. Dry and sunny conditions are predicted for later on, but temperatures will not climb above 3 degrees.
Forecasts are set to get better as the week goes on. A maximum temperature of 8 degrees is set to be reached by Wednesday.
Visit http://www.conwy.gov.uk/en/Resident/Education-and-Families/School-Closures.aspx to find out all the latest about school closures.
Police have charged a 21-year-old man with two offenses stemming from a stabbing incident outside a Post Office.
According to a police statement, Criminal Investigation Department officers charged the George Town man with wounding with intent to cause Grievous Bodily Harm and Carrying an Offensive Weapon.
The suspect is due to appear in court on Tuesday 18April.
The alleged incident occurred around 8.30 p.m. Police say a woman entered the George Town Police station with chop wounds to their arm and body.
The woman was treated at the station before being taken to the Cayman Islands hospital.
Officers then went to the George Town post office where the incident allegedly occurred. There they confronted a knife-wielding suspect and arrested them after a foot chase.
The RCIPS says that the suspect is known to the victim, who has since been released from the hospital.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
BBL grand finalists Adelaide Strikers and Hobart Hurricanes have praised as common sense the release of some Australian players for the tournament decider.
Strikers captain Travis Head and wicketkeeper-batsman Alex Carey and Hurricanes opener D'Arcy Short fly to Adelaide on Sunday, in time to play in the BBL finale.
The trio have been granted a release from the Australian Twenty20 squad in Sydney, in a move welcomed by Hobart skipper George Bailey and Strikers vice-captain Colin Ingram.
"You just want your best players playing so it's great for both teams and great for the tournament," Bailey told reporters in Adelaide on Saturday.
"As players, if we want top be winning a tournament, we want to be winning against the absolute best.
"And you want to be playing in the best possible team you can, so it's a great compromise."
Adelaide's Head was their side's match-winner in a white-knuckle last-ball semi-final win against Melbourne Renegades on Friday night.
Head cracked 85 from 57 balls and then flew to Sydney to rejoin the Australian T20 squad - but they won't play in the tri-series opener against New Zealand on Saturday.
Head will fly back to Adelaide with Carey and Short for the grand final, which starts at 4.30pm AEDT.
"It's just another big confidence boost going into the grand final," Ingram told reporters on Saturday.
"Getting a couple of players back is great for the group. Everyone is in the best space we have been in through the season."
But Adelaide will be without their legspinning trumpcard Rashid Khan, who flew out of Adelaide on Saturday to join their Afghanistan teammates for a series against Zimbabwe.
Rashid took 18 wickets - the equal-most in the competition - and conceded the least runs per over of any bowler.
"Someone should have just hid their passport away, to be honest," Ingram said.
"He has been a great contributor for us .. he's a wholehearted cricketer and it's obviously sad to see them go."
Fellow leggie Liam O'Connor, who hasn't played all tournament, is in the frame to replace Rashid.
"We have been planning for it for a number of weeks," Ingram said.
"Liam has been preparing for this game ... he's an exciting spinner so if they get a chance, I'm looking forward to seeing them bowl."
Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who produce medicine and biotech products are concern about airborne microbial contamination. Traditionally, these companies use active air samplers or settling plate method to detect the airborne microbial contamination. But, this method may require at least four to ten days to detect the microbial contamination in the lab. Real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems is emerging tool used by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to detect the airborne microbial contamination. Real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems is based on Laser Induced Fluorescence (LIF) technology to detect the airborne microbial contamination. This system offers real-time detection of active biological organisms which used for the produce of sterile products. Real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems are designed with stainless steel and it is enclosed with sample probe. This sensor is directly connected to a software and it is designed to attain the continuous operation. As the air passes through the system detect the biological particle by laser illumination. These air particles are counted by laser illumination depending upon their size and it is displayed on the monitor.
Real Time Continuous Microbiological Monitoring Systems Market: Drivers and Restraints
Increasing research and development by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology to develop advance medicine and biotech product is the primary factor driving the growth of real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems market. The waiting time for the result by traditional method is four to ten days whereas this system provide real time data for active microbial contamination which is also gaining the traction for real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems. This system reduces the operator error and do not require any paper data management, moreover it is easy to operate this system and does not require any special handling, training, or logistics which lead to increase demand of real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems in the global market. Real time continuous microbiological monitoring system is costly equipment, therefore research lab which has less funding could not afford this latest technology which may deter the growth of this market throughout the forecast period.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6945
Real Time Continuous Microbiological Monitoring Systems Market: Overview
The global real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems is expected to show significant growth over the forecast period due to rising research and development by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology to develop advance medicine and biotech product. The leading player of real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems emphasis on continuous product launches though this system is gaining huge traction in the market. But the adoption of this system in the institutional laboratory is quite low while it is mostly used in research and development laboratory. The major application of real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems is in drug discovery and clinical research, therefore these segment is estimated to dominate the market by application. Among all end user, real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems are mostly used in biopharmaceutical companies, hence this segment is estimated gain more incremental opportunity over the forecast period.
Real Time Continuous Microbiological Monitoring Systems Market: Regional Overview
On the basis of regional presence global real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems are classified into eight key regions – North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding China & Japan, China, Japan, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is the most lucrative market for real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems due to increasing research and development in life sciences industries. After North America, real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems market is then followed by Western Europe and Japan. In APECJ region, India and Australia are the major markets for real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems due rising number of pharmaceutical industries in these countries. The MEA and Latin America is expected to show relatively low adoption real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems owing to less funding for biopharmaceutical research and development.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6945
Real Time Continuous Microbiological Monitoring Systems Market: Key Players
Examples of some of the market participants in real time continuous microbiological monitoring systems market identified across the value chain include Alpha Controls & Instrumentation Inc. Mettler Toledo, BioVigilant, MicronView LLC and others.
They look forward to a year which they call a "clean slate."
"I can't wait to see if all these initiatives that I have put forth, (that) they are given the OK for us to proceed. And then I can tell you Canada will just take a quantum leap if that happens."
Seven months into the job, Zambrano is eager to put their stamp on things.  They are not one for standing still.
"I think we could go faster. I feel like I could do more and should do more. I hope to have the resources to do that."
 They are grateful to the CSA for adding another warmup game before the Gold Cup. A game against Curacao was all that was originally planned.
Zambrano wanted more and a closed-door session against Nicaragua — four 30-minute periods over two days in Sunrise, Fla., was arranged.
"It was a wise decision by the CSA because it was in that game where a lot of the thoughts about how to approach the Gold Cup came together."
Zambrano says they believe they have a "pretty good handle" now on the talent in the system.
"But I know there are out there many more that I haven't seen yet. And I'm keen to look there."
They believe Canadian soccer has to look outside the box for talent.
"I believe this is part of my charter as well — to make sure I have the mechanisms put in place to find those players. It's not just about what happens in the established routes to participate and compete.
"That is great but there is another world out there of many many many players that I know are playing the game but that are perhaps not being looked at."
Zambrano has already brought in players from Ontario's League 1 to scrimmage with the national team. And for this camp, they included 21-year-old Caniggia Elva, a St. Lucia-born Calgary-raised forward who went to Europe at 18.
Elva, Zambrano notes, did not come to Canada Soccer's attention through "regular channels."
Elva was brought into an under-23 camp in March in Qatar, Zambrano's first hands-on assignment as Canada coach, after getting calls from Ramon Mifflin, the technical director of Calgary South West United for whom Elva played growing up.
"We need to establish a solid scouting grid," said Zambrano. "That is something I have presented to the CSA directors, in how to go about doing this in a systemic manner.
"I'm hoping that they sign off on it. If they do, we will reach a completely different level of awareness about what we really have in Canada. Because we do have a lot and I think we're tapping only a very little."
In a perfect world, Zambrano says they would have liked to have taken their team to Cuscatlan Stadium in San Salvador to see them perform in hostile conditions.
Zambrano is already at work, changing the team ethos.
They say some of their players have told them that, in the past, national team selection was seen as automatic by some. That is no longer the case, they say. The national team shirt has to be earned.
"You don't do it, you're not going to be called back."
A portion of the proceeds from Sunday's game will go to hurricane Harvey relief efforts.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
To mark the first ever National Libraries Week (October 9 to 14), St Helens Council's award-winning Library Service has announced an exciting events programme to showcase all the creative, innovative and diverse activities that the service has to offer residents.
Running from now until Monday 16 October, events cover something for everyone to enjoy; whether it's finding out about the history of a particular area of the borough through the Archives on Tour event, or taking your young ones along to the popular Read & Rhyme sessions which introduce young children to the wonders of books, rhymes, music and other fun activities.
Meanwhile, the very first St Helens ‘Fun Palaces' takes place at Haydock Library this Saturday (October 7).
The event, which runs from 10am until 3pm, is suitable for all ages and features a range of activities throughout the day to inspire arts and culture, including: a free verse poetry workshop with Lynn Gerrard, Waggy Tales session with the Therapy Dogs, football skills with the Haydock Hurricanes, and a sing-a-long with the U3A ukulele group.
Coun Sue Murphy, Cabinet Member for Leisure Services and Libraries, said: “We're delighted to be taking part in National Libraries Week which is an opportunity to highlight the wonderful work that takes places in our libraries, not just during national celebration events, but on a daily basis.
“As a library service, the message we want to get out to residents is that there is always something going on in local libraries which contain a lot more than just books.
“Why not visit yours this National Libraries week and discover something new?”
SEATTLE - “How do we minimize those risks and still let them play the sport that they love?”
That was the question posed by Andy Connor, whose son Patrick is an offensive lineman on the football team at Bothell High School, just outside Seattle, Washington.
“Every time I see [Patrick] on the field, I'm worried something might happen,” Andy said. “It's just part of the reality of the game that they're playing, and the risks that are involved.”
“I feel better with that helmet on their head,” they said.
Connor is referring to the VICIS Zero1 helmet,ranked by the NFL the as the top-performing helmet of 2017. It was Patrick's Christmas gift from their parents a year ago.
“[Dad] told me it was going to help prevent concussions and help prevent injuries,” Patrick said.
The Zero1 generated a lot of buzz this past year when star players like Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson and the Chiefs' quarterback Alex Smith not only used the helmet. But Smith and Wilson didn't just wear the helmet — they invested in it.
Eighteen out of the NFL's 32 teams currently have at least one player wearing the helmet this season. Also part of the VICIS Coalition is former Dallas Cowboy Roger Staubach — also an investor — and former San Francisco 49er Jerry Rice.
VICIS CEO Dave Marver co-founded the company as a startup in 2013 with experts in neurosurgery and mechanical engineering from the University of Washington.
“We thought there was an opportunity to make a difference,” Marver said.
It has taken their team years of testing using both linear and rotational force to get to the design they've landed on now.
What's unique to the Zero1, Marver says, is a multilayered approach to protection. The helmet is made with a collapsible outer shell which covers a layer of vertical columns composed of a proprietary material that compress to absorb shock from a hit.
“This is designed to endure thousands of collisions,” Marver says, pushing on the flexible outer shell. “It bounces back each time, and the whole process is invisible to the naked eye.”
The Zero1 recently came down in price, from $1500 down to $950, which is still almost four times as much as the NFL's number two ranked helmet, the Schutt Air XP Pro VTD II. Is the Zero1 that much safer?
Arthur Maerlender with the Brain Injury Alliance of Nebraska and a professor in the Center for Brain, Biology and Behavior at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln said the verdict is still out. But, they added that any parent looking for fool-proof equipment to eliminate concussions in their son or daughter will be out of luck.
“We're not able to say, ‘This is good, you're never going to get a concussion with this helmet,'” Maerlender said. “That's just not going to happen.”
Instead, Maerlender said, one of the best things parents can do is to make sure their child athletes are removed from playing and taken to see a doctor after its suspected they may have suffered a concussion.
The NFL states on its helmet ranking poster that any advantage the Zero1 had over the 13 other helmets in the "top-performing-group" is statistically insignificant. The independent Virginia tech STAR helmet rating system — widely considered the industry standard — has yet to test the Zero1 because it hasn't been publicly available until recently.
VICIS maintains their research and design will only continue to improve and that the cost will only go down.
“Like a lot of new technologies, it's expensive at first,” Marver said when asked about the cost.
For the Connor family, the high cost wasn't a deterrent. Andy Connor felt that having the top-ranked helmet was a no-brainer.
“I couldn't really make the decision not to do it knowing what could happen if I didn't," Connor said.
By Ramsay
Ads are still the primary way that bloggers try to make an income online. But is it really the best solution? Probably not.
There seems to be a common perception (among newer bloggers in particular) that the best way to make an income with a blog is to write content and then put some kind of advert in the sidebar or at the top of each post.
I regularly hear from people who want to know how to get more AdSense clicks, or where to find advertisers to pay them for a prime piece of website real estate.
In my experience, this is one of the worst ways to make money online.
Today's post will take a look at why ads are not the best way to make an income from your blog, and what alternatives are available to us in the short and long term.
Note: I'm always happy to be wrong and learn new things so make sure you read to the end if you've got a different point of view!
Why I don't like ads on blogs
Let's start this post by jumping right in and looking at why advertising and programs like AdSense aren't the best fit for blogs.
Lack of quality control
One of the first things you notice when you sign up to a program that delivers ads on your blog is that you often don't have much control over the ads that are then displayed on your blog. I often find it a bit sad to see a high quality magazine, for example, displaying ads from questionable products that they would otherwise never approve.
One of the first things you notice when you sign up to a program that delivers ads on your blog is that you often don't have much control over the ads that are then displayed on your blog. I often find it a bit sad to see a high quality magazine, for example, displaying ads from questionable products that they would otherwise never approve. Site load time
If you run a speed test on any website that uses an advertising network you can almost guarantee that it will be slowing down their site. As we know, a fast loading blog is essential for good Google rankings and, as such, we should be a bit careful about installing anything that affects this negatively.
If you run a speed test on any website that uses an advertising network you can almost guarantee that it will be slowing down their site. As we know, a fast loading blog is essential for good Google rankings and, as such, we should be a bit careful about installing anything that affects this negatively. Low earnings per lost reader
When you think about it, a program like AdSense is sending readers away from your site for a few cents (or maybe a few dollars in a good niche). While this can add up to a lot, it's still a relatively cheap way to lose readers that are quite difficult to acquire through content creation, SEO, networking, etc.
When you think about it, a program like AdSense is sending readers away from your site for a few cents (or maybe a few dollars in a good niche). While this can add up to a lot, it's still a relatively cheap way to lose readers that are quite difficult to acquire through content creation, SEO, networking, etc. Intrusive display options
From an advertisers points of view, they are going to want to maximize the amount of coverage they get on your blog. But from your readers point of view, that represents an annoying intrusion or a big break in page momentum. This can have a huge effect on bounce rate and subscriber conversion rates.
From an advertisers points of view, they are going to want to maximize the amount of coverage they get on your blog. But from your readers point of view, that represents an annoying intrusion or a big break in page momentum. This can have a huge effect on bounce rate and subscriber conversion rates. Lack of trust
In some extreme cases, ads can cause readers to lose trust in the site. For example, there are some blogs that have so many ads and pop ups that I no longer visit them (even with a pop up blocker) because I don't like the scripts and cookies and some of the nasty things they can do to your computer.
We'll take a look at the flip side of all this in a minute, but these are the main reasons why I don't think bloggers should consider ads as a main source of income for their long term careers.
A quick example of the problem with ads
Now that we've gone over the basics, I thought it would be good to look at an example of how advertising might have a negative effect on a site. Please keep in mind that this is me talking personally as a user/reader of a site. I don't have any data on this particular example.
The above is a screenshot from News.com.au which, at the time, had at least five ads on the homepage for well-loved painkiller, Panadol. For many web users this makes it extremely difficult to determine where the news ends and the advertising begins. I think there would be a lot of accidental clicks, which, to me, doesn't do any favors for the advertiser or the seller.
I acknowledge that news sites in particular are in a difficult position at the moment as revenues fall, fake news gains popularity, and budgets are tight. But I can't help wonder whether this is doing more harm than good over then long term, as opposed to sites like the New York Times and New Yorker which are adjusting quite well with subscription models.
Note: This is also why I don't recommend free blogging platforms where ads are often a non-negotiable part of the user experience.
So, what's the alternative?
At this point you're probably wondering what a good alternative is. That's where it gets a little bit tricky and we have to start thinking from a more long term perspective.
Develop a strategy for the future
The first thing we need to do is develop a long term blogging strategy that factors in all the different goals and ideas you have for your blog over the next five or so years. This really helps to make the next stages more focused, and gives you ideas about where to go next.
Explore temporary sources of income
In my guide on how to make money from a new blog we go into some better details about what is possible for short term income sources that enhance your blog instead of detracting from it. For example, using your blog as an Internet business card to sell services to businesses in your area, freelancing, etc. This really helps while you're getting established.
Build a mailing list around a particular niche
Throughout all of this, we should be focusing the majority of our efforts on building a mailing list that is very closely targeted to the area that we want to monetize in the future. For example, if your blog is about Bonsai growing you could set up a mailing list with a weekly Bonsai expert tip and, throughout this process, introduce people to some affiliate products that you use with your own Bonsai garden at home.
Create a product that appeals to your mailing list
The majority of bloggers who have gained some level of success have created a product that they then sold to a mailing list that was primed for the sale. Examples include ViperChill opening an SEO training course after writing about Google for months, Darren Rowse selling photography guides to their enormous community at Christmas, Pat Flynn building a podcast player while also having the best how to podcast guide on the net, etc.
Reinforce these systems with more traffic
Once you have a good system of email list > affiliate products > original products set up then your main job is to drive relevant traffic to those posts and pages that promote the funnel. This can mean getting more traffic Google and then exploring things like advertising, guest posting, instagram marketing, etc. as a way to ensure that you get a continuous and reinforcing flow.
One of the main reasons that I like this style of monetization is that the whole process, if you so choose, can be of value to your readers – the content that originally lands them, the email course, the products – all of it can solve problems and help people in their daily lives.
A quick example of this being done right
There are so many places to see this type of strategy but I thought I would just show you one that I really like in the hope that it'll give you a few ideas for your own blog. This example is from The Chess Website.
This is a fantastic demonstration of how to use free content as a way to encourage people to sign up for a highly relevant paid product – in this case the unlocking of further strategies.
The Chess Website is also prolific on YouTube and its videos get millions of views to its free training and strategy videos.
Once you visit the website to practice more chess openings or strategies you see that you can get many more tutorials unlocked by paying a small membership fee. This is a really flawless transition from free to paid content and gives them so many opportunities for further promotions as they already have an active and very engaged customer base.
When are ads on blogs a good idea?
I couldn't end this post without taking a look at the inevitable situations where ads are a reasonable idea.
This mainly occurs where traffic is relatively large but the time on site is relatively low because readers are getting the information they need quite quickly, or the information doesn't require much analysis.
For example, product review sites where the products aren't that interesting (think fridges, vacuums, etc.) are going to really struggle to get people subscribing for a mailing list. It's different when the product has a cult following (think iPhones, video games, PC hardware, etc.), but where someone is just looking to see if a thing is good or bad based on others' reviews then there isn't much more you can do than ads.
Another situation might be where you site gets a lot of traffic but is about a very generalized group of sub-topics. Some magazines and newspapers run into this issue – while one reader might like to see articles on climate science updates that doesn't mean they'll want to read about elections in New York. In this situation it's still preferable to use affiliate product where you can, but some advertising might be necessary.
The last option I wanted to throw out there is when an advertiser approaches you directly and wants to place ads on your blog exclusively. They might buy naming rights, or sponsor your site for a period of time. This could happen, for example, if your blog is about a new movie or video game that is coming out. In that scenario you have complete control over the ads and the price.
Do you use ads on your blog?
I know that a lot of you gals and guys use ads on your blog and I'd really like to know whether you disagree with my assessment, or whether I've missed any important point. Have ads worked well for you? Or have you found another alternative that you think bloggers might like to know about?
Please leave a comment.
Top photo © Danomyte Scared Man.
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/BlogTyrant/~3/3qkTv1I8klE/
The White House is narrowing its list of candidates to replace former national security adviser Michael Flynn and has already interviewed former CENTCOM deputy director Robert Harward about the vacancy, according to a senior administration official.
The official said they spoke to Harward last week and again on Monday.
"We've been getting our ducks in a row for a long time," the official said.
The comments indicate that Flynn's exit had been anticipated for some time as controversy swirled around their conversation with the Russian ambassador during the White House transition and their subsequent comments that misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
Trump asked for Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust," White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday's briefing.
Spicer told reporters Tuesday evening that the administration hopes to announce a replacement by the end of the week. But they cautioned that Trump has not yet made a decision.
Robert Harward is a retired Navy vice-admiral who was the deputy director of the U.S. Central Command under now-Defense Secretary James Mattis during the Obama administration. They served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration. As ABC News notes, Harward was the deputy commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command and led Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghanistan. They also led troops in Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Harward is currently the Chief Executive for Lockheed Martin operations in the United Arab Emirates. He's the son of a Naval officer and grew up in Iran, graduated from the Tehran American School. They speak Farsi.
Other candidates believed to be under consideration for the job are former CIA director and retired four-star Gen. David Petraeus and Keith Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general who was named the acting national security adviser after Flynn's resignation.
Petraeus would be a controversial choice given the scandal that caused them to resign in 2009 as head of the CIA. They pleaded guilty in 2015 to sharing classified information with their biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom they were having an extramarital affair. Petraeus was given two years probation (which runs through April of this year) and had to pay a $100,000 fine, but they avoided jail time due to a plea deal. Petraeus met with Trump during the transition and was in the mix to be Secretary of State. Before their fall from grace, Petraeus was a widely-respected general who helped lead military US strategies in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Kellogg is a retired three-star Army lieutenant general who was a foreign policy adviser to Trump's campaign. As NPR's Tom Bowman noted, they served in the Vietnam War with 101st Airborne Division and was commander of the 82nd Airborne. Kellogg also served in Iraq as a leader with the Coalition Provisional Authority, the interim government after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
Lenzie couple John and Cathie Mitchell clocked up 60 years of wedded bliss recently with a special party for family and friends.
They met in 1955 at the Locarno Dance Hall in Glasgow.
When John was called up by the Army during the Suez Crisis, they decided to get engaged on Cathie's 21st birthday in November 1956, before they left for active service.
They were wed on April 5, 1957 at Townhead Church, followed by a reception at Balgary House in Springburn.
The couple have two children, William and Ann, five grandsons Scott, Ross, Daniel, Gary and Craig, and three great-grandchildren Carley-Jo, Braedon and Skylar.
AMSTERDAM (AP) — Hordes of tourists are derailing daily life in parts of historic Amsterdam. Visitors clog the city's narrow streets. Stores catering only to tourists edge out shops for locals.
Every weekend, the heart of the city is overrun by foreigners in strip joints and seedy bars. They gawk at prostitutes in the red-light district and jam cafes where marijuana is permitted.
It's not just tourists on budget airlines, staying at cheap hostels and hotels. Add crowds of day-trippers from cruise ships and Airbnb guests dragging suitcases along cobbled streets.
But the city is pushing back. Changes Amsterdam has enacted or is considering: halting hotel construction; banning “beer bikes,” which are pedal-powered bars; shifting the cruise ship terminal out of the city center and outlawing new shops for tourists in some areas.
Arlington's new $1.1 billion ballpark is officially under construction, as crews begin working around the clock, six days a week, on the Texas Rangers' new home. In order to be ready for the 2020 season, an estimated 97,000 truckloads of dirt must first be hauled away to make room for the 41,000 seat stadia.
IF Manly or any other club hold concerns over the health of Trent Hodkinson, they only need to travel up the M1 to Newcastle and watch the halfback on the field.
The No.7 was running around with the team on Tuesday but is no closer to sorting out their NRL future.
Hodkinson's NRL career is in limbo with the Sea Eagles' search for a new half shelved.
Having released Blake Green to the Warriors, Manly have been scouring the market for a replacement with Hodkinson among the candidates the club had been considering.
But there's no denying the club's salary cap mess complicates things .
Having been issued a breach notice as a result of the NRL integrity unit's investigation into five years of secret payments to players, the Sea Eagles face the prospect of having their salary cap adjusted for 2018.
Watch every NRL premiership game live in 2018 on Fox Sports. Sign up here to stream for free on a two week trial >
Camera Icon Trent Hodkinson of the Knights in action. Picture: Getty Images
If that's ultimately the cost of their alleged rort, they'll be left with little room to sign a replacement for Green.
It's been reported that Manly face having around $400,000 taken from their salary cap for next season which would make it difficult to add more troops to their roster.
It's understood Manly's interest in Hodkinson would be for just one season but would require the Knights to contribute a significant portion of their $600,000 salary.
The former Origin-winning halfback is well down the pecking order of halves at the Knights but the club has the luxury of plenty of salary cap space and no pressing need to shed players.
While Hodkinson's management has met with the Sea Eagles after receiving Newcastle's blessing to explore the market, a deal has not been brokered.
In fact, an offer hasn't been tabled and may not due to the salary cap breach.
This means Hodkinson faces the reality of playing off the bench in reserve grade for Newcastle if they are to see out their contract in 2018.
For that reason Hodkinson needs Manly as much as the Sea Eagles need Hodkinson.
There is no obvious halves partner in Trent Barrett's roster capable of bringing out the best in Daly Cherry-Evans and Hodkinson would bring a wealth of experience.
At 29, they have over 150 top flight games to their name and a rare State of Origin series victory for the Blues under their belt.
As an experienced head they can keep the pressure off Cherry-Evans and direct the traffic as Green did in 2017.
A lot has been made of Hodkinson's knee troubles but their issues aren't dissimilar to several other players across other NRL clubs.
Camera Icon Trent Hodkinson playing reserve grade. Picture: News Corp Australia
While Hodkinson does not train with the Knights for every session, they aren't confined to the gym.
Their load is managed so he's not contributing in the club's bigger sessions.
It's something Manly are no strangers to.
Former players Steve Matai and Brett Stewart didn't train with the group in every session as the club managed their ageing bodies.
Current players like Canterbury's Brett Morris and Cronulla's Luke Lewis have also been known to be rested from field sessions.
Saturn's rings display their subtle colours in a view captured by NASA's Cassini spacecraft.
The particles that make up the rings range in size from smaller than a grain of sand to as large as mountains, and are mostly made of water ice.
The exact nature of the material responsible for bestowing colour on the rings remains a matter of intense debate among scientists.
Images taken using red, green and blue spectral filters were combined to create this natural colour view.
Cassini's narrow-angle camera took the images at a distance of approximately 2,05-million kilometres from the centre of the rings.
The Cassini spacecraft ended its mission on 15 September 2017
Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
WASHINGTON — Loudoun County Sheriff's Office has come a long way since it first started training its law enforcement officers five years ago with tools to de-escalate situations among mentally disabled people and those who are having a mental health crisis.
Loudoun County Sheriff Mike Chapman said 100 percent of all deputies with two or more years on patrol participated in the training.
Five years ago, Chapman's goal was to have 25 percent of sworn personnel trained. Now, 98 percent of the county's emergency dispatchers also received crisis intervention training.
“It's a system that helps deputies, our law enforcement people, de-escalate potentially violent situations usually involving folks with mental health issue,” said Chapman.
The training is for all of their deputies those who work in the jail, who work in the courthouse and those who are out in the field “cause there's a use for all of it,” said Chapman. They added that it's vital for dispatchers to receive the training so they know how to handle potentially violent situations when they're phoned in.
Chapman said they are seeing less of a need for their deputies to use physical force. Use of Tasers has dropped dramatically, “from 36 uses six years ago to just two this past year.”
But Chapman also added that the training doesn't apply to every situation; there are some cases that are violent and require immediate action on the part of the deputies or officers.
Their department has been instrumental is helping other local law enforcement departments receive crisis intervention training.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
You've heard of wearing your Sunday's best and these supporters of Cayman's environment were truly dressed to impress.
It was all a part of Sunday's (28 January) fifth-annual Hattitude brunch, a fundraiser for the National Trust.
Nearly 100 people attended the even. Many sported some impressive headwear, including some made from recycled material.
“Whether we're from here or we've chosen to make Cayman our home, the fact is we all have to protect it,” National Trust Marketing Manager Danielle Watler said. “Because it's where we're raising our children, where we're working, we're living and we have friends and family that are visiting our shores. So it's important that we protect it.”
The National Trust this year is focusing on ocean conservation.
“This is one of the National Trust's biggest fundraising event for the year,” National Trust's Stuart Mailer said. “The money that we raise goes into our various programmes — educational, historic and, from my perspective perhaps most importantly, the environmental programmes.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Behind the Headlines: Tribune reporters Jessica Miller, Luke Ramseth and Lee Davidson, as well as Editorial Page Editor George Pyle, join KCPW's Roger McDonough to talk about the week's top stories, including ballot initiatives and the aftermath of the mass shooting in Las Vegas. Each Friday morning, stream “Behind the Headlines” online at kcpw.org or tune in to KCPW 88.3 FM or Utah Public Radio for the broadcast.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador's proposed comprehensive deal to reduce unemployment in Mexico with the aid of the US would likely be effective, but is not in the current interests of the US, with growing tensions between the two countries a more probable eventuality, experts told Sputnik on Wednesday.
Lopez Obrador, writing in their official Twitter blog on Monday, stated that in conversation with US President Donald Trump they proposed a comprehensive agreement between Mexico and the United States that would create jobs in Mexico and at the same time aim to reduce Mexican north-bound migration and improve border security.
Trump stated on Tuesday that until changes are instituted to US migration laws, Lopez Obrador will provide help with the US-Mexico border.
US-Mexico Agreement Will be Effective
Joel J. Feller Research Professor of Government and Politics at the University of Maryland Robert Koulish stated that US investment in Mexican employment would be an effective way to stem migration from the country.
"A 21st-century version of John Kennedy's Alliance for Progress would be a positive step forward in relations between the US and Mexico. Of course, it depends on the details, but US investment in Mexican development projects has the potential to be perhaps the most effective means of slowing undocumented immigration to the US," Koulish said.
© REUTERS / Daniel Becerril Mayor of Tecalitlan Killed Day After General Elections in Mexico
The Alliance for Progress, aimed at improving relations between the United States and Latin America, was a multibillion-dollar scheme introduced by President John F Kennedy to maintain a democratic government and increase social and economic development among the 22 Latin American countries that agreed to the charter.
Chris Rudolph, an associate professor of international relations at the School of International Service at the American University, stated that such an agreement would be a step ahead of previous statements made by the US administration on creating a wall along the US-Mexico border.
"Taking a broader view of migration processes is certainly a step in the right direction. It is important to move beyond the simplicity of the border wall approach and address migration more comprehensively," Rudolph said.
One of Trump's signature campaign pledges included calls for Mexico to pay for a wall that would go along the US-Mexico border. As of June 26, Trump stated that they would ask Congress to provide additional funding above the $1.6 billion already approved, and as much as $25 billion to construct the border wall.
READ MORE: Populist Wave Hits Mexico with Presidential Election Landslide
Rudolph added that despite the general benefit that such a project could bring, the experience of Mexico with the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) could be indicative that such a US-led initiative could encounter problems.
"A US-backed development project with Mexico might help in reducing migration pressures. However, I don't think that this would be the sole answer to solving the immigration issue. First, we must remember that a similar argument was made regarding NAFTA. In short, free trade would spur economic development in Mexico, create jobs and increase wages, and thus, reduce emigration pressures. I don't think NAFTA really succeeded in this sense," Rudolph said.
© AP Photo / Moises Castillo ‘Andres Manuelovich': The Resistance Links Mexico's New President to Russian Op
The NAFTA trade block, signed in 1994 between Canada Mexico and the United States, has faced sharp criticism from Trump and threats of US withdrawal from the agreement if a better deal is not negotiated. Lopez Obrador, however, according to Mexican Ambassador to the United States Geronimo Gutierres Fernandez, has intentions of securing a revised NAFTA agreement as soon as possible.
Rudolph added that it may not be entirely effective to create a border deal solely concerning Mexico, as a large portion of Central American migrants in the United States are from Nicaragua, El Salvador and Honduras.
Trump Will Not Follow Through
Francoise and Edward Djerejian Fellow for Mexico Studies and Director of the Mexico Center at the Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy Dr Tony Payan said that the United States would most likely refrain from making any development aid investments in Mexico.
"There is almost no possibility that the USA would invest a single dime in Mexico or any kind of development in Mexico. I still believe that Mexico will have to think more broadly about Mexico-Central American relations, and perhaps even without the USA, particularly because the USA does not really intend to go into Central America with any kind of development aid," Payan said.
Koulish added that Trump would be much more willing to enforce trade ties with Mexico and that the creation of such development projects would require a greater incentive.
"I think Trump is more interested in a bilateral trade agreement than providing jobs for Mexicans to stay in Mexico. Trump's base is energized by the President's anti-immigrant populist rhetoric, which is to suggest Trump is unlikely to be serious about creating a new Alliance for Progress unless there is something big in it for him," Koulish said.
According to the Office of the US Trade Representative, Mexico is the third largest goods trading partner for the United States, with around $557 billion in goods traded both ways in 2017. The total goods and services trade between the United States and Mexico in 2017 was $616.6 billion.
READ MORE: Mexico Wants Radical Change: Leftist López Obrador Wins Big
Oscar Martinez, a professor of history at the college of social and behavioral sciences at the University of Arizona, stated that Trump's outlook on Mexican migration would not likely lead to US dedication to such a development project.
"The US historically has not backed projects in Mexico that would make a real difference in generating the kind of employment opportunities that Mexico needs. I doubt seriously that the Trump government would assist with any projects since Trump thinks Mexico 'takes advantage' of the US," Martinez added.
While announcing their candidacy for president in June 2015, Trump made remarks that Mexico was not "sending the best" people to the United States, adding that Mexican immigrants bring problems such as drugs and crime to the United States.
Rudolph stated that considering Trump's rhetoric on Mexican migrants, any bilateral agreement that resolves the issue of the border would likely originate from Trump's successor.
Tensions to Rise
Trump, speaking to reporters on Monday, stated that the United States would have a good relationship with Mexico under the new government, led by Lopez Obrador who in the latest results by the National Electoral Institute of Mexico secured 53 percent of the votes.
Lopez Obrador has also stated on their official Twitter blog on Monday that their conversation with Trump was conducted in a respectful manner and that continued conversations on the development project would be undertaken by representatives from both sides.
Martinez believes that Lopez Obrador will seek a fairer relationship between the United States and Mexico than has previously existed during their term.
"Lopez Obrador is a nationalist, but they are pragmatic and will seek to have a positive and fair relationship with the United States on trade, migration, and border security, the major issues that cause friction in the relationship," Martinez said.
Dr. Stephen Morris, a professor at the department of political science and international relations at the Middle Tennessee State University, said that Lopez Obrador's political ideology would probably escape the grasp of understanding of the US administration.
"While I consider Lopez Obrador a pragmatist, their view reflects a more leftist discourse rooted in the social and nationalistic content of the ideas of the Mexican Revolution. These ideas are little understood by the US government," Morris said.
Moreover, they added that Trump's penchant for unpredictability could lead to growing tensions in the relationship between the United States and Mexico.
The views and opinions expressed by the experts do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
WINDOW ROCK
Navajo Nation Police have issued an endangered missing child alert and are asking for the public's assistance and help them locate 3-year-old Tamura Dale.
According to a news release from the Tuba City Police Department, Dale was taken by their mother, Iris Tohonnie, 31, on the night of Monday, Jan. 29, from Tonalea, Arizona, which is about 25 miles southeast of Tuba City on U.S. Highway 160.
Police describe Dale as being 3-feet tall, weighing 36 pounds, with brown eyes and black hair.
A physical description of the mother was not given, but police say they were last seen driving a 2001 tan Lexus RX300 with Arizona license plate number BZG6366.
Police stated in their release that Dale may be in danger and are urging the public to call them at 928-283-3111/3112, or 911.
To read the full article, pick up your copy of the Navajo Times at your nearest newsstand Thursday mornings! Find newsstand locations at this link. Or, subscribe via mail or online here.
A FRENCH mountaineer who was pulled from Pakistan's “killer mountain” in a daring late-night rescue operation has told of their agony at leaving their stricken climbing partner behind.
Speaking from hospital, Elisabeth Revol, 37, revealed that rescuers urged them to abandon frostbite-ridden companion Tomasz Mackiewicz, 43, as they lay bleeding to death in their tent at 7000 metres, The Sun reports.
Camera Icon French mountaineer Elisabeth Revol says rescuers told them they had to leave Tomek Mackiewicz or die. Picture: AFP, AGFP
They described the decision as “terrible and painful”.
The pair were attempting to scale the 8125 metre Nanga Parbat in the middle of winter when they succumbed to altitude sickness at the summit.
Revol, who faces having their hands and left foot amputated due to frostbite, weighed just 45kg at the end of their ordeal.
They said: “We hardly had a second at the top. We had to rush to get down.
Camera Icon Polish mountaineer Tomasz Mackiewicz, whom France's Elisabeth Revol was forced to leave behind weak and bleeding on Himalayan Nanga Parbat peak in Pakistan, nicknamed "killer mountain". Picture: AFP
“Tomasz told me, ‘I can't see anything any more.'
“At one point they couldn't breathe, they took off the protection they had in front of their mouth and they began to freeze.
“His nose became white and then their hands, their feet.”
After spending the night huddled in a crevasse, Revol saw that Mackiewiczwas bleeding from the mouth — a potentially fatal sign of late-stage altitude sickness.
Camera Icon Members of the Polish K2 expedition heading to take part in a rescue mission of French climber Elisabeth Revol and Polish climber Tomasz Mackiewicz in Nanga Parbat. Picture: AFP
After sending a distress signal by satellite phone, rescuers told them they could be saved — but only if they left Mackiewicz behind at 7000 metres.
They wept: “They told me, ‘If you go down to 6000 metres, we can pick you up”.
“It wasn't a decision I made, it was imposed on me.”
They began the perilous descent alone and having left the majority of their kit with Mackiewicz in a desperate final bid to keep them warm.
Camera Icon Nanga Parbat, the ninth highest mountain in the world, is seen in Pakistan's northern area. Picture: AP
They then started to develop altitude sickness, hallucinating that rescuers were bringing hot tea — in exchange for their left shoe.
They were rescued after making the rest of the trip barefoot, leading to severe frostbite.
Camera Icon Martin Minarik died in April 2009 after descending Annapurna in Nepal with Elisabeth Revol. Picture: Supplied
Nanga Parbat is known as the “killer mountain” because 30 climbers died before the summit was reached in 1953.
Revol took a four-year break from climbing in 2009 when their rope partner, Martin Minarik, died on another Himalayan jaunt as they descended Annapurna in Nepal.
But this time they vowed to continue, saying: “I need it. It's so beautiful”.
This article originally appeared in The Sun and is republished here with permission
A training drive is boosting the safeguarding of young and vulnerable people in North Tyneside.
All Hackney carriage and private hire drivers licensed by the local authority must undergo Child Sexual Exploitation Training. A total of 1,280 drivers have completed it.
Taxi licensing is a service delivered for North Tyneside Council by its partner Capita.
Coun John Harrison, for housing and transport, said: “This is reassuring news for those who use licensed vehicles in North Tyneside.
“Drivers can play an important role in helping to safeguard vulnerable people as they may see, hear or recognise situations or behaviour that may be of concern. It's why we've ensured licensed drivers undergo awareness training to help in the prevention of sexual exploitation and know how to report it.”
Training for existing drivers began in 2015 and, last year, online training was made available.
All new licence applicants are required to complete the training as part of the application process otherwise a licence will not be issued.
Six drivers have had their licences suspended until they complete the training and three drivers have had their licences revoked for not completing the training.
A study of nearly 400,000 women is the first to explore the risk of antidepressant use around an abortion as a proxy for depression
Having an abortion does not increase a woman's risk for depression, according to a new study of nearly 400,000 women published today in JAMA Psychiatry. While previous research has found abortion does not harm women's mental health, studies claiming that it does continue to be published and state policies that restrict access to abortion in the United States have been justified by claims that abortion causes women psychological harm.
To better understand the relationship between having an abortion and women's mental health, Dr. Julia R. Steinberg, from the University of Maryland School of Public Health, and colleagues analyzed data on Danish women born between 1980-1994. The information included abortions, childbirths and antidepressant prescriptions as recorded by the Danish National Registries. It is the first study to explore the risk of antidepressant use around an abortion as a proxy for depression.
The study concludes that the risk of antidepressant use did not change from the year before to the year after an abortion and that the risk of antidepressant use decreased as more time after the abortion elapsed.
"Policies based on the notion that abortion harms women's mental health are misinformed," said Dr. Steinberg, who is an assistant professor of family science. "Abortion is not causing depression. Our findings show that women were not more likely to suffer from depression after an abortion compared to beforehand."
Compared to women who did not have an abortion, those who did have an abortion had a higher risk of antidepressant use. But Dr. Steinberg stresses this higher risk was the same for both the year before and the year after the abortion, indicating that the higher risk is not due to the abortion but to other factors such as preexisting mental health problems and other adverse experiences.
According to the Guttmacher Institute, at least eight states, including North Carolina and West Virginia, mandate that women considering an abortion receive information that emphasizes the purported negative psychological effects of having an abortion. Women in 27 states are required to wait a specified period of time, from 24-72 hours, between when they receive counseling and the abortion procedure is performed, and such policies are often justified by the claim that abortion harms women's mental health. For those in regions of the country without a nearby abortion provider, this can be a significant burden.
With an increasing number of laws being enacted throughout the United States that aim to limit women's access to abortion, the findings from the study Examining the Association of Antidepressant Prescriptions With First Abortion and First Childbirth provide important new evidence that can inform policy. They also support the recent National Academies of Science report "The Safety and Quality of Abortion Care in the United States" which concludes that "...having an abortion does not increase women's risk of depression, anxiety or PTSD."
###
The paper "Examining the Association of Antidepressant Prescriptions With First Abortion and First Childbirth" was written by Julia R. Steinberg, PhD, Thomas M. Laursen, PhD, Nancy E. Adler, PhD, Christiane Gasse, PhD, Esben Agerbo, DrMedSc, and Trine Munk-Olsen, PhD and published in the journal JAMA Psychiatry.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new study shows that UK motorists waste an average total of nearly four days every year looking for parking spaces.
Drivers in London typically spend almost eight minutes searching for somewhere to park after each journey, compared with five minutes in the East of England and East Midlands, according to research by trade body the British Parking Association (BPA).
(Photo: Keith Jones)
FIVE MINUTES!! The last time I spent five minutes looking for a parking space round here was a wet Monday afternoon in Stuntney. The average time I spend looking for a parking space in Cambridge is probably 20 minutes. Anything to do with the station area, and it's 30 minutes. The last time I was there it was closed “for repairs”: there were attendants at the entrance helpfully telling drivers that they would have to find somewhere else to park. Any suggestions as to where please? Er, no. Slight yer hook.
I drove round for 20 minutes before finding an off-street parking bay about 300 yards away. There was nothing to say it was private land, no “Permits Only” signage, so I parked up, ran to the station, and rushed back about 15 minutes later, to find a parking ticket on my windscreen. My levels of fury were off the scale, and I fell to wondering how much of the station area was designed by a chimpanzee with bug-ridden CAD software.
When King's Cross needed to be redesigned five years ago, it cost £500 million and the work was done with very little inconvenience to passengers. It was completed on time and without fuss and when it opened, the workmen went away and the passengers were left to enjoy the extensive range of new facilities.
We haven't had that sort of luck in Cambridge have we? The work is endless. It's going on FOREVER and it's still not in the slightest bit clear what it's going to look like when it's finished. My personal belief is that they change the plan every few days, according to algorithms that were written by a Stasi guard on crack in the darkest days of East Germany. Or maybe it was a 12-step programme where they all had to stand up and introduce themselves. “Hello, I'm Eric and I'm a compulsive meddler with OCD issues about hygiene and claustrophobia symptoms which are only alleviated by big, wide, empty and boring public spaces. I'm the chief architect.”
Kite a story at new art exhibition
Going back to the poll, 44 per cent of the 2,000 adults quizzed say finding somewhere to park is a stressful experience, with just one in five (20 per cent) describing it as “stress-free”.
ONE IN FIVE finds parking stress-free!! Who are these people? Are they saints? My guess is they're all West Lothian residents, where parking is a gloriously trouble-free experience hardly ever impaired by the sight of another vehicle. I think I'll go there for my next holiday.
© AFP 2016/ Jewel Samad US Congress May Sharply Respond in Case Trump Reverses Anti-Russian Sanctions
On December 29, Obama announced the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats, the closing of two Russian diplomatic compounds and new sanctions against six Russian individuals and five entities, including the GRU (the Main Intelligence Directorate) and FSB (the Federal Security Service), over Moscow's alleged interference in the November US presidential election, which the Kremlin has denied.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Moscow will determine further steps in restoring ties with the US depending on the policy of President-elect Donald Trump.
"Reserving the right to retaliate, we will not resort to the level of irresponsible 'kitchen' diplomacy and further steps toward the restoration of Russian-US relations will be built on the basis of the policy carried out by the administration of President Donald Trump," Putin said.
Russia will not expel anyone as a response to US sanctions against Moscow over alleged hacking, Putin added.
Commenting on the new sanctions, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said that this time the US was "slapped in the face" by its own government.
"This decision [to impose new sanctions against Moscow] is very weird. It is symbolic and I would say it is provocative," Graziani told RIA Novosti.
According to the analyst, Obama's actions indicate that the outgoing US president is likely to continue their political career after leaving office.
Graziani noted that Donald Trump will inherit a very difficult foreign policy situation, especially taking into account the crisis in Moscow-Washington bilateral ties.
"Now, the most important is whether Trump is able to make good on their electoral promises, particularly on establishing a new balance in relations with Russia," they underscored.
Commenting on Kremlin's response to the new sanctions, Graziani praised the reserve approach by Moscow.
"It is very important that the Kremlin delivered a cold-blooded response to this provocation. Moscow should try to minimize the damage Obama is inflicting [on US-Russia ties] in the last days of their presidency," Graziani concluded.
The musician and multimedia artist has created an immersive experience designed to make people aware of their implicit biases. It's called "The Institute Presents: NEUROSOCIETY."
Read the full story at KQED.
The official TIME 100 list of the world's most influential people will be out on April 20
MANILA, Philippines – Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte topped the TIME 100 Reader Poll, the newsmagazine said Monday, April 17.
The TIME 100 Reader Poll is an online survey of whom the magazine's readers think should be included in the publication's annual TIME 100 list of the world's most influential people.
TIME said Duterte received 5% of the total "yes" votes in the poll, followed closely by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Pope Francis, Bill Gates, and Mark Zuckerberg (all at 3% of the "yes" votes).
In the online survey, readers were asked who they think should be part of the prestigious list, by clicking "yes" or "no" in a gallery of 114 pre-determined personalities, from politics to the arts. The poll ran from March 24 to April 16.
The magazine said the official TIME 100 list – determined by the publication's editors – will be out on April 20. – Rappler.com
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine whether a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
LONDON - Two British volunteer divers who helped find a youth football team trapped in a cave complex in Thailand have a history of difficult rescues around the world.
Mr Richard Stanton and Mr John Volanthen, who have day jobs as a firefighter and Internet engineer, respectively, negotiated a long and winding path through flooded caverns to find the 12 young boys and their coach nine days after they went missing.
"The British divers Rick and John were at the spearhead" of the forward search party, said Mr Bill Whitehouse of the British Cave Rescue Council, an informal grouping of rescue teams around Britain.
"They managed to dive the last section and get through into the chamber where the missing party was on a ledge above the water."
Also read: All 12 boys and their football coach found alive in Thailand cave after 9 days
Mr Whitehouse, who has spoken briefly to the team that also included a third Briton, Mr Robert Harper, as well as other international and Thai experts, described the difficulties of the search.
"They were diving upstream in the system, so they were having to swim against the current or pull themselves along the walls," they told the BBC.
"I gather the actual diving section was about 1.5km, about half of which was completely flooded," they said, adding that the total dive was about three hours.
All 13 members of Thai junior football team found in flooded cave Open gallery
Mr Volanthen, an Internet engineer in Bristol in the south-west of the country, and Mr Stanton, a firefighter from Coventry in central England, are no strangers to difficult dives.
Mr Stanton, in their mid-50s, told their local newspaper in 2012 that their biggest achievement was helping rescue six British soldiers trapped in caves in Mexico.
In 2010, they and Mr Volanthen also helped in an attempt to find Mr Eric Establie, an experienced French potholer who became trapped underground in the Ardeche region of southern France. Mr Establie's remains were found eight days after they went missing.
"All of the cave rescue missions are quite shocking, but the most challenging one was in France," Mr Stanton said in the interview, to mark their receipt of an MBE honour from Queen Elizabeth II.
But Mr Stanton insisted that cave diving was still only a hobby which they started at the age of 18.
In Thailand, the diving team have avoided the media, with Mr Volanthen, who is said to be in their 40s, telling reporters when they arrived at the site: "We have got a job to do."
Besides them, specialists from Australia, Britain, Japan, China, Myanmar and Laos, as well as more than 30 US military personnel, joined about 1,000 Thai rescuers in the massive search-and-rescue operation.
Oppo Find 7 was unveiled back in 2014 with high-end specs but the company did not announce its successor for almost three years. There are rumors that Oppo will unveil the Find 9 smartphone since 2009 though it is yet to go official.
A new render of the alleged Oppo Find 9 smartphone has hit the web revealing its possible design. The Find 9 image has made its way on Weibo looks like a mere concept model. The device seems to sport a curved bottom and there is an Oppo logo at the part below the display. The smartphone's display doesn't feature curved edges but it looks like there are extremely thin bezels around the screen.
Also Read: Oppo Find 9 with Snapdragon 835 SoC launch pegged for March
Oppo Find 7 was the 2014 flagship from the company. Since then, Oppo hasn't announced a flagship smartphone but focused on the mid-range feature-rich offerings. With this strategy, Oppo has managed to grab the second spot in the Chinese smartphone arena.
This is not the first time that the Oppo Find 9 has been spotted in leaks. Back in January, the speculations claimed that the smartphone will be released this year in a couple of variants - one with the Snapdragon 835 SoC, 6GB RAM and 128GB storage and the other with the Snapdragon 653 SoC, 4GB RAM and 64GB storage.
Also Read: Oppo Find 9 Leaked: A Flagship Smartphone for the Selfie Addicts!
The rumor mills pointed out that the Oppo Find 9 will feature the borderless technology created by Oppo. The newly leaked render shown in the image above as shows ultra-thin bezels. The Find 9 is believed to arrive with a 5.5-inch QHD 1440p display, feature a 21MP main snapper at its rear, a 16MP selfie camera, and a 4100mAh battery. There is a possibility for this smartphone to see the light of the day in the second quarter of this year.
Source
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Texas has unveiled a formal plan to overhaul special education statewide, after federal officials found that services were for years illegally denied to students with disabilities.
The Texas Education Agency released a draft plan in January. It conducted 100-plus feedback focus groups with students, parents, teachers and school administrators before releasing Tuesday's final plan.
It calls for increasing special education staffing, providing better special education training for teachers and creating more tools for parents of children with suspected disabilities.
Texas also will assist school districts in identifying and helping thousands of students who were previously denied services.
The U.S. Department of Education previously concluded that Texas school districts, for more than a decade beginning in 2004, illegally capped the number of special education students at 8.5 percent of total enrollment.
California regulators would set fair prices under AB3087
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Angelina Payne waits with a pulse oximeter on their finger before...
For those of us who live and work in the Bay Area, the price of housing and the price of health care dominate our kitchen-table conversations. That's because we pay some of the highest prices in the nation for both, and we can't live without either.
Things are only getting worse. Consider this: In the time it takes a worker to earn an additional $1 in monthly wages, the deductible they pay for health care has gone up $6.
Delivering relief to struggling families and bringing rationality to health-care prices is the reason SEIU California has joined health-care consumers to sponsor Assembly Bill 3087. The Health Care Price Relief Act looks to Medicare — an established model that has kept health care costs down for seniors, while keeping the doors to health care open to every eligible person over age 65. Medicare prices are widely accepted by doctors and hospitals, so we know they work for patients and providers alike.
Out-of-control health-care prices are squeezing workers, employers and state and local budgets alike. We all have a stake in getting the cost of medical procedures and medicine under control — it's the first and most fundamental step needed to reshape our health-care system in terms of accountability, quality and access to all.
Not only are soaring health-care prices unsustainable; they are completely unjustified.
Americans are paying up to 20 times as much for procedures and medicine as other advanced countries — and we aren't getting better care for it. Despite the insurance companies' claims that patients are to blame for high prices because we are over-consuming health care, the statistics say the opposite: In the past five years, costs have soared even though we are using the same, and in some cases less, care.
The only explanation for out-of-control prices is pure market power; corporate giants are gobbling up hospitals and doctors' offices to create huge conglomerates with the power to raise prices ever higher. California has been trusting them to do the right thing and make care affordable; you only have to look at the headlines about Sutter Health's monopoly power and price-fixing to know that model simply doesn't work. The industry knows sick people have no choice but to pay whatever they charge. After all, you can't shop around for the cheapest emergency room once you're already in the ambulance with the sirens blaring.
Under this proposed law, a commission of health-care experts — who are free from financial influence — would determine a fair base price for health-care services, using Medicare as baseline. Doctors, hospitals and health plans could charge more only if they prove higher rates are justified.
Of course, the medical lobby has taken up arms in the state Capitol, aiming to defeat this landmark legislation and protect its power over prices. But families can't afford to let medical monopolies keep taking more and more of their paychecks.
California led the nation in expanding health-care coverage under the Affordable Care Act, demonstrating the nation's broadest vision for quality, accessible care. Now 93 percent of Californians have a health insurance card in their pockets; we must take the next step — AB3087— to ensure they can afford to use it.
Roxanne Sanchez is the president of SEIU California and SEIU Local 1021.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores5 <
FAR WEST
Washington 79, Grand Canyon 65<
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A Flash Flood Warning is in effect until 12 p.m. Wednesday for Harris County. A Flash Flood Watch is in effect until 4 p.m. for Brazoria, Chambers, Fort Bend, Galveston & Harris counties.
KHOU 11 Meteorologist Brooks Garner says heavy rain will continue in parts of town through the afternoon, washing out some of your July 4th events.
List: Houston-area freeways/roads with high water
Weather Update: Watch Meteorologist Brooks Garner on Facebook
Street flooding is reported in several parts of town, including 288 South at Southmore. Avoid the South Freeway if you can.
Live Video: Watch freeway camera video from Houston TranStar
Related: Canceled July 4th events in Houston
Radar: Track the rain & storms
The National Weather Service has also issued a flood advisory until 11:45 a.m. for parts of Harris and Galveston counties. Minor street flooding is possible, especially on frontage roads southeast of Houston.
Some areas had already seen four inches of rain from Tuesday night's showers.
High temps will reach the upper-80s today but could be cooler if you get some rain.
There is a 70 percent rain chance Wednesday, 30 percent Thursday and 40 percent on Friday. Scattered rain continues this weekend, too.
© 2018 KHOU
× A Purr-fect Stress Reliever
LEWISBURG – -Exercise is a good way to de-stress, and one of the most relaxing exercises is yoga. On Monday, a yoga instructor in Lewisburg teamed up with a nonprofit for what they think is a “purr-fect” way to do yoga.
While this may look like an ordinary yoga class in Lewisburg, it's not typical to have four-legged friends cuddling you while you're in shavasana. But according to Beatriz Benedit, cat yoga is therapeutic.
“Mixing yoga with love of cats is something that I'm really enjoying and I'm grateful that they asked me to be a part of it,” Benedit said.
Benedit owns the Lewisburg Yoga Studio, which is directly behind The Scratching Post cat cafe. The studio teamed up with the nonprofit to bring cat yoga to the Susquehanna Valley.
“We naturally organically allowed the cats to practice when they wanted to practice with us, be on the mat when they wanted to be on the mat,” Benedit said.
The class is $15. Half of the proceeds go to care for the cats.
“It was awesome. Totally the best way to start a week,” Linda Whitmer said.
“Yoga is meant to focus and ground you, and cats make me really happy. Adding that to already a nice experience was great,” Amanda Maurer said.
The Scratching Post opened in January as an adoption platform for cats. People are invited to come spend time with the cats in an open atmosphere.
“This is pretty much the most relaxing place I've ever been to. The first time I came here, I walked in with my kid and it was just calming energy. Then they combine yoga? I was like, yeah, I'm going to go do that,” Whitmer said.
The Lewisburg Yoga Studio and The Scratching Post hope to make cat yoga a regular thing here in Lewisburg.
NEW DELHI (AP) - An Indian company that is partnering with the Trump Organization on an office tower project has been accused of running an elaborate real estate swindle that cheated investors out of nearly $150 million, according to complaints filed with Indian authorities.
Ramesh Sanka, the former CEO of the real estate firm IREO, said in the documents obtained by The Associated Press that they saw "various acts of cheating, fraud and misappropriation of money" at their onetime employer that created "huge wrongful gains" for the company's managing director and their associates.
The documents make no mention of the Trump Organization, and focus largely on two real estate deals that began years before the organization signed a 2016 agreement with IREO to partner on an office tower in Gurgaon, outside New Delhi.
Sanka quit the company in late 2016 "because I was increasingly uncomfortable with the way in which IREO's business was being conducted," according to a police complaint they filed in late February in Gurgaon, a sprawling and ever-growing satellite city of New Delhi.
In a statement at the time, Donald Trump Jr. said: "IREO is truly a fantastic group and we are looking forward to pushing the boundaries together to create what will soon be one of the most exciting and sought-after commercial towers in India."
The Trump Organization has licensing agreements with all its Indian business partners, who build the properties and acquire the Trump name in exchange for a fee.
The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to requests for comment from The AP.
Sanka's accusations were first reported by The Washington Post.
Their statements form the basis for an Indian police complaint filed by two large international investors, the UK-based Children's Investment Fund Foundation, a philanthropy founded by British billionaire Chris Hohn, and New York-based Axon partners.
The complaint accuses Lalit Goyal, IREO's managing director, of being at the heart of the alleged fraud, with Sanka's statement saying they "was the final decision maker on all matters" at IREO.
The documents focus on two deals, one for 78 acres in the small town of Bhiwadi, about 30 miles from Gurgaon, and another for 37 acres of land in Gurgaon.
Through a series of sub-deals, the documents say much of the investment money was channeled away from real estate developments and to Goyal and people close to him.
The complaint filed by Axon and Children's Investment Fund Foundation says the Bhiwadi deal was "nothing but a sham planned by Lalit Goyal in conspiracy with various other accused persons to misappropriate about $62 million."
A March 9 letter from Hohn and Dinakar Singh, Axon's managing partner, say Goyal "and related entities appear to have diverted funds" worth nearly $150 million, and that they have seen evidence "suggesting there may have been wrongdoing and theft well beyond these amounts."
The letter, obtained by The AP, was sent to IREO investors.
Goyal and other top IREO officials could not be reached for comment.
The Children's Investment Fund Foundation and Axon had originally filed suit in Mauritius, where the IREO investment funds were incorporated, trying to pressure IREO to manage them better.
In February, before accusations of mismanagement had shifted to accusations of fraud, Goyal told Barron's magazine that IREO carefully watched over investor money and that that "we are very hopeful they will get much more than what they invested back."
Donald Trump Jr. recently finished a trip through India, promoting properties that have licensed the family name.
The Trump Organization has five projects in India, making it the brand's largest market outside the United States. One complex is already open in the central Indian city of Pune, with other developments in various stages of construction in Kolkata and Mumbai, and two in Gurgaon.
___
AP journalist Stephen Braun in Washington contributed to this report.
× Uniting Communities: Pride On The Mountain
With so much attention on what's been happening in Virginia this past weekend after a white supremacy rally, an event in Scranton this week is hoping to bring all types of people together.
It all surrounds the NEPA Rainbow Alliance's “Pride On The Mountain.” Newswatch 16's Ryan Leckey highlighted the event Tuesday which will take place this weekend at Montage Mountain Waterpark in Scranton.
The pride event supports the NEPA Rainbow Alliance in our area and creates awareness of various services for the LGBTQ community.
QUICK FACTS:
WHAT: Pride On The Mountain
WHEN: Saturday, August 19
TIME: 6 p.m. – 11 p.m.
WHY: Supports the NEPA Rainbow Alliance & the LGBTQ community
WHERE: Montage Mountain Waterpark, Scranton
ADMISSION: Ticket prices start at $5.00.
To get tickets ahead of time and learn more about the event, head here!
To learn more about the NEPA Rainbow Alliance, check out their Facebook page here!
President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron in the East Room of the White House, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron in the East Room of the White House, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump suggested Tuesday that their pick for Veterans Affairs secretary might want to withdraw after the emergence of allegations about inappropriate workplace behavior, including over-prescribing prescription drugs and drinking on the job.
Trump said they would stand behind Dr. Ronny Jackson, calling the White House doctor "one of the finest people that I have met." But they questioned why Jackson would want to put up with the scrutiny, which they characterized as unfair.
"I wouldn't do it," Trump said. "What do they need it for? What do you need this for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country?"
They said Jackson would make a decision soon.
Trump spoke at a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron shortly after the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee announced that Jackson's confirmation hearing, scheduled for Wednesday, would be postponed indefinitely while senators looked into the allegations.
"We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation," said the chairperson, Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Jon Tester of Montana. "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
Asked if Jackson's nomination is still viable, Isakson responded, "We'll see."
The two lawmakers sent a letter to Trump on Tuesday requesting additional information about Jackson, who has served as a White House physician since 2006. It demands any communication between the Pentagon and the White House for the last 12 years regarding "allegations or incidents" involving him.
With Congress set to recess Friday for a week, Tester said the earliest a hearing could be held would be in about 10 days but it was too soon to tell. "We're vetting hard right now," they told reporters. "We still have more information to find out."
Allegations began surfacing late last week involving Jackson's workplace practices, including claims of inappropriate behavior and over-prescribing prescription drugs, according to two aides granted anonymity to discuss the situation. The complaints the White House heard include that they oversaw a poor work environment and that they had drunk alcohol on the job, according to an administration official who demanded anonymity to speak on a sensitive personnel matter.
Isakson told fellow GOP senators over the weekend about the allegations, prompting those on the panel to support delaying the hearing.
"These concerns are bipartisan," said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., and a member of the committee. "The viability of their nomination depends on the administration's ability to provide answers quickly, thoroughly, accurately and honestly."
Democrats on the committee assembled privately late Monday. Tester reiterated to the other senators that the allegations were out there, one aide said. But no specific evidence of wrongdoing was offered.
Trump selected Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency. But Jackson has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers as well as veterans groups about whether they have the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
A doomed nomination would be a political blow to the White House, which has faced criticism for sloppy vetting of Cabinet nominees and tough confirmation battles in a Senate where Republicans hold a slim 51-49 majority. Prior to Jackson's nomination, Trump had told aides and outside advisers that they were fond of Jackson personally and was said to be particularly impressed with Jackson's performance at the White House press room podium in January, when they offered a glowing report on the president's physical and mental well-being.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said the American people were the losers in a shaky nomination effort. The Trump Cabinet, they said, "is turning into a sad game of musical chairs."
Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, who is not on the veterans panel, noted that the allegations against Jackson arose after Trump nominated him. "I don't know whether this is an aberration or not, but it certainly is something that bears looking into." They said recent allegations of ethical violations in Oklahoma by EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt also raise questions about White House vetting.
Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., a member of the Senate veterans committee, said Trump "either didn't care or didn't bother to send a fully qualified VA nominee."
Late Monday, Jackson was still pursuing support. They held a late-afternoon conference call with veterans groups from West Virginia and the state's Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin, a member of the committee, whose vote could be vital for support.
Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., a member of the committee, said Jackson's small staff at the White House will be an issue as they are considered to lead the VA.
"We've got 360,000 people there," they said. "Are they going to manage the secretary or is the secretary going to manage the VA? That's a good question to ask, and they need to answer it. They need to be the leader. A lot of folks want to be led and managed."
___
Associated Press writers Ken Thomas, Catherine Lucey, Alan Fram and Matthew Daly contributed to this report.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:34 Introducing North Texas students to aviation careers
1:38 The pool at Joe T. Garcia's has a deep history
From the A-Class right up to the Mercedes-Maybach S-Class, all models carrying the three-pointed are fitted with the Comand infotainment system. Things are about to change for the company's family of compact cars as a brand-new infotainment system will premiere on January 9 at Las Vegas during the 2018 CES event.
Officially dubbed the “Mercedes-Benz User Experience,” the new setup is described as being an “intuitive operating system” benefiting from technology based on artificial intelligence. It promises to pave the way for an array of additional infotainment and connectivity options, though specific details have not been released.
The new A-Class due next year will usher in the MBUX setup and will have it as standard equipment with a seven-inch display. Upper-spec models will boast a 10.25-inch screen as shown in the attached images previewing the next-gen A-Class with a widescreen layout featuring bonded glass technology. On these more expensive models, it will be paired with a 10.25-inch fully digital instrument cluster to mimic the setup seen on the larger Mercedes models that come with dual 12.3-inch screens.
Following the launch of the regular five-door A-Class, a great deal of other Mercedes compact cars will receive the infotainment system. These include not only the familiar members like the B-Class minivan, CLA, CLA Shooting Brake, and GLA, but also newcomers such as the A-Class Sedan and its China-exclusive long-wheelbase counterpart. Other compact cars are on the agenda as Mercedes has made the promise to diversify its portfolio at the bottom of the food chain, with a GLB crossover rumored to be in the offing.
Also at CES, Mercedes will bring the Concept EQ A concept, the Project One hypercar, and the Smart Vision EQ ForTwo concept – with all three being originally unveiled at the Frankfurt Motor Show a few months ago.
Source: Mercedes
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
December 11, 2017 7:05 PM
Republicans are scrambling, big time, to shelter in place as Democrats prepare to take office in Nassau County and Hempstead Town.
On Tuesday, outgoing Hempstead Supervisor Anthony Santino and the Republican-controlled town board are slated to help almost 200 employees move to safe jobs or get raises.
In addition, Santino and the board are primed to approve a memorandum of agreement that would, through 2021, bar town union employees for being fired for anything other than misconduct or incompetence.
The change amounts to a no-layoff clause, which would specifically ban Hempstead's elected officials from terminating union employees “ ... for reasons due to budgetary, economy, consolidation, abolition of functions, abolition of position or curtailment of activities.”
Former Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy said he's never seen such a clause added to an existing union contract.
“It is an incredibly dangerous thing, because it ties a municipality's hands by taking away a threat of layoffs as a negotiating tactic,” said Levy, a Republican.”
In Nassau, the move to protect employees began earlier, in July, when the administration of County Executive Edward Mangano moved more than 40 politically appointed employees into competitive union positions. That protected them from firing when County Executive-elect Laura Curran takes office in January.
The maneuver by Mangano, a Republican who is fighting federal corruption charges, marks the first time an administration has reclassified job titles for a large bloc of political appointees to prevent them from easily being replaced.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Last week, Democrat Curran asked Mangano to reverse the action.
There's been no response from Mangano.
On Monday, Democratic Hempstead Supervisor-Elect Laura Gillen, citing the proposed job changes, raises and change to the union contract, called on Santino, a Republican, to resign.
Santino, however, is neither expected to resign, nor pull back the proposals from Tuesday's town board meeting.
George Maragos, the county's outgoing comptroller, meanwhile, is trying to protect their longtime personal assistant by seeking permission to move them from a politically appointed post to a protected union title. It was the sort of move Maragos criticized in July when Mangano did the same thing for the 40 appointees.
At that time, Maragos, a Republican turned Democrat, was running a primary campaign Curran. They lost — and by November was looking to do what Mangano had done, saying, “I am obligated to look out for my people.”
Nassau's Office of Human Resources is delaying action on the aide's job reclassification until County Comptroller-elect Jack Schnirman, a Democrat, takes office in January.
The Republican effort to protect and preserve so many jobs, and in so many ways, is unprecedented.
Then again, so was the GOP's losing the county executive post and — for the first time in more than 100 years — the top spot in Hempstead on a single night.
“That amounts to so many people out of work and no place to put them,” said Michael Dawidziak, a Suffolk political consultant who works mostly with Republican candidates.
None of this is illegal. “This is done in Washington, in Albany and, yes, in Mineola,” Dawidziak said. “It may make things tough for those coming in, but things don't change on election night and those in office have the power of that office until Dec 31.”
JON KRAWCZYNSKI, AP Basketball Writer
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James spent the morning sending a crystal clear message to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the wake of Kevin Love's knee injury: things will be just fine as long as James is on the court.
They spent the night backing that up against an emboldened Andrew Wiggins and the Minnesota Timberwolves, as if anyone doubted them in the first place.
James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to lead the Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyrie Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
“The one thing that we can always rely on is the fact that we've played without Kev before,” James said. “We've had to do that in the playoffs. As much as you don't like to play without some of your big guns, sometimes if it happens then you're just ready for it.”
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
“It's always competitive playing them,” Wiggins said. “I feel like it brings out the best in everybody.”
James took their time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
“It's been a burden on me since I got drafted. Why does it change now?” James said when asked if they have to do more with Love out. “Nothing's changed. I'll have my guys ready to play every single night.”
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. They hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth.
LeBron's pass = fantastic. But I would argue this is the best pass every in sports. Ernie DiGregorio Providence #dhttps://t.co/9JM06J8PLz — Karsch and Anderson (@DougAndGator971) February 15, 2017
A listener wants to know if this counts as a pass. https://t.co/yqCJYwX8Sa
I think it does.
Send us your best pass in sports history. #d — Karsch and Anderson (@DougAndGator971) February 15, 2017
Here is the LeBron pass that started the conversation.https://t.co/x2C4thlxvI — Karsch and Anderson (@DougAndGator971) February 15, 2017
Evan (our webmaster) goes with this as the best pass in sports history: https://t.co/zKx8uallZU — Karsch and Anderson (@DougAndGator971) February 15, 2017
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made their surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them their best punch. They entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, their highest scoring average against any team in the league.
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit theirs from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to drop Wiggins to 0-6 against the Cavs.
“We'll get 'em eventually,” Wiggins said.
TIP-INS
Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted them No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards.
Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in their left knee.  They are expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
As they prepared to face a Timberwolves team filled with very young players trying to find their place in the league, James was asked how long it took them to turn the corner as a professional.
“I turned a corner very, very young,” James said, smiling. “Probably about 16.”
STEPHENSON INJURED
Guard Lance Stephenson has played well since signing a 10-day contract last week, and the Wolves were hoping to have their defensive intensity against James and the Cavs on Tuesday night. But Stephenson grotesquely rolled their left ankle just three minutes into their first shift and needed help walking off the floor. Stephenson hit their only two shots before they were injured.
UP NEXT
Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break.
Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
March 19 (UPI) -- A legal services clinic called on a federal judge to block the U.S. Education Department from using Social Security data to deny loan discharges to defrauded students.
Harvard University's Project on Predatory Student Lending filed motion for an injunction in federal court in California to block a plan by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and the Department of Education to partially deny student loan relief from students defrauded by Corinthian Colleges, Inc. by comparing the average earnings of students in similar vocational programs.
The students' earning information was gathered through "gainful employment" metrics provided by the Social Security Administration.
Project on Predatory Lending attorney Joshua Rovenger argued the students are legally entitled to full relief of their loans and the Department of Education has no right to use the data for any purpose other than evaluating vocational programs
"The Department of Education had already unfairly and unlawfully refused to cancel these bogus loans for so long," Rovenger said. "Now, it has secretly and illegally coopted Social Security data to try to argue for something less than the complete cancellation and refund that these borrowers are due. We are seeking to rescind these illegal partial denial notices that never should have been issued in the first place."
The Department of Education announced the new guidelines in December, offering students earning 49 percent or less of what their peers earn 100 percent relief on their loans.
Students at or above that threshold would be offered relief on a sliding scale, meaning students making 90 percent or more, would receive 10 percent relief.
At the time the Department of Education said it approved for discharge 12,900 pending claims submitted by former Corinthian students, while 8,600 pending claims had been denied.
"This 'average earnings rule' is not only a theft of data, but more importantly, it is a fact-free attempt by the Department of Education to double-cross borrowers who were scammed by Corinthian and then waited months or even years for the relief that the Department promised them," said Noah Zinner, an attorney at Housing and Economic Rights Advocates.
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre Pause
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:20 The United States of Powerball
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
A circa-1928 Quogue beach house built by pharmaceuticals pioneer George Merck includes the seashell collection they started, its listing agent says. The 1.6-acre parcel with 175 feet of sandy oceanfront is listed for $9.99 million — seashells and all.
“Every owner has inherited it and kept it. It's wonderful to see the shells and artifacts of the sea that have been collected on that beach since 1928,” listing agent Aimee Martin of Saunders & Associates says of the four-bedroom, 4 1⁄2-bath home Merck called Sundune.
Original touches in the 3,000-square-foot home include a Dutch front door and exposed wood beams on the walls and ceilings of the living and dining rooms.
Recent updates include new bathrooms and a country kitchen with wide plank floors, an island and window-lined seating area. The home also has a screened porch. A renovated master bedroom suite has two large walk-in closets and a sitting room currently in use as an office. All four bedrooms are en suite.
A dune top open-air pavilion has electricity.
The Chinese government has announced plans to implement retaliatory duties on $34 billion worth of US goods following the introduction of similar measures by Washington. Sputnik has discussed the issue of the looming trade war with Qingyi Su, Senior Research Fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS).
Sputnik: What is your take on the situation?
Qingyi Su: I think it won't be easy for China and US to negotiate suspending plans to initiate new tariffs on each other's products on 6th July. The situation is not optimistic.
Sputnik: China has recently stated that it was willing to de-escalate tensions in the trade dispute with the US, is this still a likelihood?
© AFP 2018 / STR China to Introduce Tariffs on $34 Billion Worth US Goods on July 6 - Reports
Yes, China always wants to de-escalate trade tensions with US. China doesn't want a trade war. However, this depends on the US. If the US imposes tariffs on China's products and starts a trade war, China's best choice is to retaliate. Retaliation is better than doing nothing.
Sputnik: What other means beyond tariffs can the Chinese government use to retaliate?
Qingyi Su: China has said that if the US continues to impose another tariff on China's products, it has to use both quantitative and qualitative retaliation. Qualitative retaliation means other ways beyond tariffs. Maybe this includes the services trade.
Sputnik: President Trump has stated that they may further impose tariffs on another 200 billion dollars worth of Chinese goods or more if Beijing continues to fight back, what consequences can this have on American and Chinese markets?
Qingyi Su: This will have much larger impact than the 50 billion dollar tariff, and bring some uncertainty regarding the two countries' economies and even responses in the stock market.
Sputnik: The US has been leading an aggressive tariff policy against the EU as well; In your view, why doesn't the union want a joint alliance with Beijing to counter Washington?
Actually, the EU and China have some common interests to cope with US unilateralism and protectionism. US activity will have a harmful impact on multilateralism. China and the EU have the same viewpoints to oppose protectionism.
Sputnik: If tensions between Washington and Beijing continue to escalate who will be impacted the most? Follow up: some experts have noted that these trade disputes could lead to a global trade war, what is your take on that?
Qingyi Su: Both China and US economy will be affected. And then the growth of the world economy will be affected, too. Maybe it will be not appropriate to say a global trade war. The trade war is between the US and other economies. Other economies should be united to face the US challenge.
On this episode of The Critical Hour, with Dr. Wilmer Leon, we discuss the “Made in China 2025 Initiative” and where it will leave the US. Also, an immigrant-rights activist faces their second deportation hearing at Seattle Immigration Court while fighting for the rights of other migrants against I.C.E. Hear about their struggle.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the contributor and do not necessarily reflect Sputnik's position.
The maker of the drug Ambien sought to distance itself from Roseanne Barr after the actor claimed that the insomnia medication had fueled the racist tweet that led ABC to cancel them show.
"People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world," the U.S. division of pharmaceutical giant Sanofi said in a tweet Wednesday.
"While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Just hours earlier, Barr had claimed to have been "ambien tweeting" when they attacked Valerie Jarrett, who was an adviser to President Barack Obama, by writing: "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj."
Barr later claimed that the tweet was "a joke," but ABC on Tuesday canceled the reboot of their TV show, "Roseanne," and ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey called the star's tweets "abhorrent" and "repugnant."
Barr tweeted an apology to Jarrett for "making a bad joke about their politics and their looks," and offered several more apologies - including one in which they said they were using the sleep aid when they tweeted about Jarrett.
"It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting, I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but . . . don't defend it please," Barr said in a since-deleted tweet that prompted Sanofi's response.
Ambien's most common side effects are drowsiness, dizziness, diarrhea and grogginess, the company says. The Food and Drug Administration has warned against risks of morning drowsiness when taking drugs that contain zolpidem, a widely used medication marketed under brand names such as Ambien, Ambien CR, Edluar and Zolpimist. The FDA recommends lower bedtime doses for zolpidem.
The drug, which is a sedative-hypnotic medication, does lead to abnormal behavior, such as memory loss, anxiety, worsening of depression, suicidal thoughts and, very rarely, hallucinations.
A paper, titled "I did What?" Zolpidem and the Courts," published in the Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law in 2011 lists sleeping behaviors that have been linked to zolpidem. These include driving, talking, eating and having sex while asleep. One case cited involved a patient who wrote an email two hours after taking zolpidem and did not remember that they had done so. In another case, a woman who had a 45-minute conversation with their boyfriend after taking zolpidem had no memory of it the next day.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Daniel Buysse told the Associated Press.
This is not so different from how alcohol affects people, Buysse said, though it can be hard to tell whether the behavior was really because of the drug.
Ambien also has been linked to many criminal cases, in which defendants claimed they were on the medication and had no memory of the crimes.
Camera Icon Laurie Metcalf, Roseanne Bar and John Goodman speak during a Roseanne press tour in Pasadena. Picture: Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP
For example, Robert Kenneth Stewart, who had admitted to shooting 11 people inside a North Carolina nursing home in 2009, was spared the death penalty after their attorneys argued that Ambien and other drugs placed them in a zombielike state of mind.
In 2014, a Wyoming man who claimed they were on Xanax and Ambien when they sexually abused a 10-year-old girl two years earlier was sentenced to probation. Psychologists who evaluated Glynn Howard Johnson determined that the medications had affected their memory. In 2015, a New York man was found guilty of second-degree murder despite claiming that Ambien fueled the rage that led them to strangle and torture their girlfriend.
Barr is not the first celebrity to claim that Ambien affected their behavior. Rapper Eminem, for example, called Ambien a "memory eraser," saying it made them forget "five years" of their life. In 2009, Radar reported that Rachel Uchitel had told friends they and golf star Tiger Woods used to have "crazy Ambien sex."
Dictionary.com trolled Barr on Wednesday, tweeting about the origin of the word "ambien," which it says comes from the word "ambient."
"Ambient does not mean 'prone to making racist comments,' but it does mean 'of the surrounding area or environment,' " the tweet said.
Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex-act charges by a New York grand jury, prosecutors announced Wednesday.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said the indictment, which follows Weinstein being charged with the felonies on Friday, "brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged."
Vance vowed to try the case in the courtroom, not the press, in a statement emailed to USA TODAY.
"The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable," their statement said. "We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand."
They added that the grand jury investigation of Weinstein "remains active and ongoing," and they appealed for additional accusers of the disgraced movie mogul to come forward if they have relevant information.
Defense attorney Ben Brafman said the indictment is "not a surprise," that it merely "mirrors" the same charges already filed against Weinstein and "does not add anything to the case we did not already know."
"We remind everyone that an Indictment is merely a formal accusation," Brafman said in a statement emailed to USA TODAY. "Mr Weinstein intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr Weinstein to be acquitted."
Earlier Wednesday, Brafman said Weinstein would not appear before the grand jury to testify. Brafman issued a statement saying they advised Weinstein to skip the grand jury hearing because of a lack of time to prepare.
"After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend them before the Grand Jury, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein," said the statement.
"The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr. Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day Weekend and a deadline for their appearance set for Wednesday (at) 2 p.m.
"Our request for a postponement of their appearance before the Grand Jury was denied. Accordingly, Mr. Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr. Weinstein intends to follow the advice of their attorneys and not testify before the Grand Jury."
Weinstein turned themselves in to New York police on Friday and was charged with felony sex crimes, including first- and third-degree rape and a first-degree criminal sex act, stemming from encounters in New York with two women, including one who was unidentified. Those are the crimes listed in the grand jury indictment.
On Tuesday, following a closed-door meeting with Manhattan prosecutors and a judge to discuss the case, Brafman told reporters the unidentified accuser was in a decade-long relationship with Weinstein that continued after the alleged attack on them in a Manhattan hotel room in 2013.
"Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the Rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr. Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013," Brafman's statement Wednesday said.
Although Weinstein's personal testimony before the grand jury could be "compelling," Brafman's statement said "an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein."
Vance has been criticized by New York police detectives, by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and by the New York state attorney general's office in connection with accusations against Weinstein, both current and dating to 2015.
Back then, Vance's office decided there wasn't enough evidence to press charges against Weinstein after an Italian model accused them of groping her, despite an audio tape of them seeming to acknowledge them accusations.
With the grand jury investigation continuing, further charges involving other accusers could be forthcoming. Weinstein, like any defendant, has the right to testify before a grand jury; such proceedings are secret.
Weinstein, 66, surrendered Friday and was led into court in handcuffs to face rape and criminal sex-crimes charges involving the two accusers. The fallen Hollywood mogul, who is free on $1 million bail and is confined to New York and Connecticut, has consistently denied having non-consensual sex with anyone.
Brafman's legal advice to Weinstein came a day after a 90-minute conference Tuesday with prosecutors in the chambers of Judge James Burke. A transcript of the conference was sealed and Brafman was limited in what they could say about the meeting.
But they told reporters they were worried about the impact of bad publicity about their client could have on the grand jury.
Still, they said Weinstein expects to be exonerated if the case goes to trial.
"You can only imagine what your state of mind would be if you were accused of a very serious crime that you maintain you didn't commit," they said Tuesday. "So it's a terrible state of mind in that regard, but he's confident he's going to clear their name."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
By Matt Citak
Considering how crazy the regular season was this year, it should come as no surprise that the first two rounds of the 2018 NCAA Tournament have been absolute chaos. Favorites have fallen, history has been made, and, oh yeah, we still have four more rounds to go.
Buckle up, ladies and gentlemen. With the way March Madness is going, we should be in for a wild finish.
UMBC becomes first 16 seed to win, beats UVA by 20
On Friday, the University of Maryland, Baltimore County made history. The UMBC Retrievers accomplished something that 135 previous 16 seeds in the 64-team era of the NCAA men's basketball tournament were unable to do — pull off a first round upset.
The University of Virginia entered the tournament as the No. 1 overall seed. Yet despite being the overwhelming favorite in this “David vs. Goliath” showdown, the Cavaliers failed to show up to their first-round matchup, falling to the Retrievers by whopping 20 points.
UMBC's cinderella run came to an end on Sunday, when No. 9 seed Kansas State pulled off the late victory over, 50-43. The Retrievers' magical run may have ended quickly, but the darlings out of the American East did more than enough to solidify their place in NCAA history.
UVA far from the only favorite taken down
While Virginia suffered the biggest upset, the Cavaliers weren't the only favorites taken down during the tournament's opening weekend. The madness began on Thursday, when No. 13 seed Buffalo opened their tournament play with a 21-point beatdown of Arizona, sending the NBA's likely No. 1 pick DeAndre Ayton home early. The craziness continued a few hours later, when Donte Ingram of No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago hit a long three-pointer right before the final buzzer to beat No. 6 seed Miami and send their team into the Round of 32.
The upsets continued on Friday, when No. 11 seed Syracuse, the last team to make the tournament, defeated No. 6 seed TCU, while No. 13 seed Marshall took down No. 4 seed Wichita State. While the opening round produced some very surprising results, it was nothing compared to what we saw in the Round of 32.
Loyola-Chicago was the first big underdog to punch its ticket to the Sweet 16, when they defeated No. 3 seed Tennessee on Saturday, thanks to a Clayton Custer jumper with just 3.6 seconds remaining. The Ramblers were joined by the Syracuse Orange as the only double-digit seeds in the Sweet 16, after the Orange pulled off the first major upset of Sunday's games, beating No. 3 seed Michigan State, 55-53.
But the madness did not stop there. No. 7 seed Texas A&M destroyed No. 2 seed UNC by 21 points, No. 9 seed Florida State took down No. 1 seed Xavier 75-70, and No. 7 seed Nevada overcame a 22-point second-half deficit to defeat No. 2 seed Cincinnati, 75-73.
Unlike other No. 1 seeds, Villanova playing like top team
Virginia and Xavier are out, while Kansas snuck by No. 8 seed Seton Hall, winning by just four points on Saturday. But unlike the rest of the pack, Villanova is playing up to its No. 1 seed.
The Wildcats began their tournament play with an easy 26-point victory over Radford. Jay Wright's squad faced a pesky Alabama team in the Round of 32, and at halftime, it appeared as if the No. 9 seed had a chance to upset Villanova. But a 22-point second half from junior guard Mikal Bridges put those thoughts to rest, as the Wildcats pulled away to win by 23.
With one of the country's most efficient offenses, it was not surprising to see Villanova score at ease against Radford and Alabama. But the Wildcats' defense has also looked great in the first two rounds, and that should worry the other 15 remaining schools. Going up against a very talented West Virginia team in the Sweet 16, Villanova will face its toughest matchup yet on Friday.
South Region without top-4 seed in Sweet 16 for first time ever
The best way to understand just how crazy this year's NCAA Tournament has been so far is to look at the bracket's South Region. For the first time in NCAA history, no top-four seed in the South Region has made it to the second weekend, as No. 1 seed Virginia, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 seed Tennessee, and No. 4 seed Arizona all found themselves on the wrong side of an upset.
The four teams to make it to the Sweet 16 out of the South are likely not the schools you may have expected. No. 5 seed Kentucky is the highest seed remaining, followed by No. 7 seed Nevada, No. 9 seed Kansas State, and No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago.
John Calipari, who helped lead Kentucky on a late-season winning streak to take home the SEC Tournament championship, has to like their team's chances moving forward. The only obstacles between the Wildcats and yet another Final Four appearance are Thursday's matchup against Kansas State and, if they emerge victorious from that, an Elite Eight contests against the winner of Nevada-Loyola-Chicago. As we have seen many times before, the key to winning is getting hot at the right time. And few teams are playing better than the Wildcats right now.
Duke is ACC's last best hope for a title
The Atlantic Coast Conference entered the Round of 64 with several legitimate contenders to emerge as national champions. But following four days of pure chaos, the ACC is left with just one good chance at a national championship — the Duke Blue Devils.
The Blue Devils have absolutely dominated their first two games, beating Iona by 22 before dismantling Rhode Island by 25. They are averaging 88 points in their first two games, while holding both of their opponents to under one point per possession.
The ACC has four of the 16 teams left, but Duke provides the conference with their best hope for a title. The Blue Devils take on Syracuse on Friday, guaranteeing at least one ACC team in the Elite 8. Florida State has a tough matchup against No. 4 seed Gonzaga on Thursday, while Clemson will have to battle it out against No. 1 seed Kansas on Friday.
Duke has the best chance to win it all of the remaining ACC teams. But if this tournament has taught us anything, it's that any team is capable of pulling out a W, no matter how big of an upset it seems.
Want to dominate this March? Join SportsLine now to get picks for every postseason college basketball game from the model that went 27-5 in the first round last year and has accurately predicted nine of the 12 double-digit seed upsets the last two years!
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow them on Twitter.
Before I launch into the main point of this week's column, I thought I'd share a couple of new products that have appeared in konbini [コンビニ] in the last week or two.
Firstly, the new shirasu [しらす] salad. How to describe shirasu to those of you not familiar with it…???
Imagine tiny, tiny clear or opaque fish with beady little eyes that stare up at you as you eat them. Sorry, that was rather descriptive and not in an, “I-want-eat-that!” sort of way. Basically, they're small sardines which sounds a lot more appealing.
You either love them or hate them. One of my students detests them, especially when they're fried and when their mum sprinkles them over their home-made onigiri [おにぎり] or riceballs. They simply refuse to eat them, saying, “Small fish ouchy my mouth.” Yes, the fried ones do stab your mouth sometimes when you eat them and yes, they do hurt your mouth. I can't argue with him.
Anyway… I digress…
The Lawson salad is delicious. It also contains chunks of tofu and the dressing is nice and simple and not too over-the- top. The 7-Eleven version, of which I didn't bother to take a photo, is not. In fact, I'm not sure whether it was the amount of Miyajima Beer and Saijo sake I'd consumed beforehand, or if I just didn't like it, but I found it far too rich and I didn't end up finishing it. I ALWAYS finish food. Unless I'm sick or it's really revolting. Hint: I wasn't sick. The other yummy product I found is the seasonal Korean onigiri that comes to 7-Eleven every year around this time. Yep, I mean that yummy bibimbap or Korean mixed rice and meat assortment.
The nori [のり] or seaweed it's wrapped in is also the Korean seasoned nori, instead of the usual Japanese type. It is in one word: DELICIOUS. And for those of you whose palate has quickly become Japanese (i.e. you cannot tolerate any spice anymore), do not fear because it's not spicy at all.
I also found a product in Family Mart the other night that I've never seen. Mind you, it may have been around for a long time and I just haven't noticed. The reason: I don't eat cheese so I never look in that
section. I have no idea why I did the other night but it caught my eye. I snapped a photo of it for my friend as they love cheese and dessert. When I showed them though, they said they aren't sure about combining the two… I haven't tried it obviously, but if anyone does, please let me know what you think.
Okay, so the whole point of this week's column…
Christmas is coming.
Yes, I know it's still September (or October when you read this edition), but konbini have already dropped their Christmas catalogues.
Monday afternoon I was sitting in Family Mart drinking coffee when I noticed it. The ability to order from the catalogue was due for the next day (September 26). I just thought that was crazy. Even my native Australia doesn't start this early. It's always after the September school holidays and that's a little while away. Or so I thought…
My mum informed me via email that Christmas cakes came out in the supermarkets last Friday. As in September 22.
I think that's far too early and try explaining that to kids who keep asking when Santa is coming. Mind you, konbini at the moment is all about Halloween. Once that's over though… it's full steam ahead for Christmas!
Anyway, I got my hands on both the 7-Eleven and Family Mart catalogues just to see what they had and I've decided that hands-down, 7-Eleven has the better products.
They have cheesecake and that's all that matters. Plus, it's the type of cheesecake that looks like the cheesecake I'm familiar with; no fancy Japanese trimmings. Mind you, I've never eaten cheesecake for Christmas, but I'm more than willing to try.
I highly recommend you pick up your own copies of the catalogues to drool over and go ahead and order something for Christmas. I wish I could order the cheesecake to come earlier, but as everyone and everything keeps reminding me: it's only about two months away!
EEK!
See you all again next week! Ho, ho, ho!
The Amazon Fire TV Stick is a great way to add smart features to your TV. Normally costing £39.99 the Fire TV Stick, with Alexa Voice Remote, has been slashed to £29.99 in the Early Easter sales.
The Stick is a small dongle you plug into a spare HDMI port on your set and it gives access to Amazon's entire streaming video line-up. It has apps for Netflix, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, All 4, Demand 5 and many other streaming platforms. Plus, there are plenty of games and other applications to enjoy.
Via a recent update for Alexa you'll be able to control the Fire TV Stick using voice on your Amazon Echo (also available in the Amazon Easter sales). The regular Stick is great for any sort of "dumb" TV that offers nothing more, beating out the Google Chromecast rival by offering a menu system and greater reliability.
We're not sure how long this sale will last - and the Fire TV Stick price does fluctuate quite a bit - bit if you want to spend your Easter streaming the latest TV and movies, then snap one up while it's still cheap.
The Google Pixel 2 XL that was launched in India in October appears to have received a price cut. But this appears to be a temporary one and the device will get back to the launch price soon.
According to a tweet by the Mumbai-based retailer, Mahesh Telecom with a good track record of revealing details about price cuts and availability, the Google Pixel 2 XL with 64GB storage is available at Rs. 64,999 and the 128GB variant is priced at Rs. 73,999. Notably, the device was launched at Rs. 73,000 and Rs. 82,000 for the 64GB and 128GB variants respectively.
Also, it looks like there will be an additional cash back of Rs. 8,000 on using an HDFC credit card and choosing to pay through EMI payment mode. The tweet notes that this price cut of Rs. 8,000 on the Pixel 2 XL will be valid only between December 9 and December 13.
Though the retailer has let out the word regarding the price cut of the Pixel 2 XL smartphone, there is no official confirmation from Google as yet.
The Google Pixel 2 makes use of a 5-inch FHD 1080p display while the Pixel 2 XL adorns a 6-inch QHD+ POLED display with 2880 x 1440 pixels and 18:9 aspect ratio. Both the smartphones have the Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection on top. The Pixel 2 duo will be powered by the Snapdragon 835 SoC paired with 4GB RAM and 64GB/128GB storage space. The imaging aspects include a 12.2MP main camera at the rear with f/1.8 aperture and EIS and an 8MP selfie camera with f/2.4 aperture.
Running on Android 8.0 Oreo, the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL use a 2700mAh and a 3520mAh battery respectively. It is claimed that the battery supports fast charging delivering up to 7 hours of usage in just 15 minutes of charge. The major disappointment for the users is that these new Pixel smartphones do not have a 3.5mm audio jack in favor of the USB Type-C port.
No one in the Islanders room was pleased with the NHL Department of Player Safety's decision not to hold a hearing for Brad Marchand after their interference major on John Tavares on Saturday in Boston.
Marchand appeared to extend their arms to make contact with Tavares' head, sending the Isles captain sprawling.
“Things are targeted, things happen spontaneously,” Doug Weight said. “But to me, the ones that are premeditated, it's unfortunate when we only look at results. So if Johnny lies there and they are hurt, there'd probably be something done. I don't know the logic in that.”
Tavares did stay down for a few seconds on Saturday but skated back to the bench and finished the game, a 3-1 Islanders loss. Marchand was not given a game misconduct to go with the major. David Backes did get tossed for a head-butt on Andrew Ladd during a scrum that also received no further discipline from the league.
“Like I said the other night, the video speaks for itself,” Tavares said. “I don't have anything else to say about it.”
The Bruins come to Barclays Center on Jan. 2.
Boychuk remains out, Hickey on IR
The Isles have had eight healthy defensemen for the majority of the season but that depth has dwindled rapidly.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Johnny Boychuk (lower body) missed their third straight game on Monday, still not ready to return after blocking a shot late in last week's loss in Tampa. Boychuk did skate on Monday morning but appears to be targeting a return later in the week.
Thomas Hickey was placed on injured reserve on Sunday after suffering an upper-body injury on Saturday. They stepped up to hit Backes and initiated a big collision right before Backes and Ladd engaged one another.
Weight said they hoped Hickey, who must remain out until at least Saturday, would not be sidelined beyond the seven-day IR minimum. Scott Mayfield stepped into the lineup on Monday.
Prince goes to Bridgeport
Shane Prince was activated off IR on Sunday and went to Bridgeport for a conditioning stint, their first game action of the year after offseason ankle surgery.
Mary Louise Cool, 95 of Fostoria, passed away at 4:55 p.m. Thursday, October 5, 2017 at Good Shepherd Home, Fostoria.
They were born April 9, 1922 in Fostoria to Frank and Agnes (Weinandy) Burns. They married Emiel J. Cool August 28, 1943 at St. Wendelin Catholic Church and they died November 30, 2010.
Surviving are six children, Kathy (Jim) Minogue of Franklin, TN, Janice Cool of Findlay, Emily (John) Schetter of Orange Village, Charles Thomas Cool of Fostoria, Theresa (Joe) Wukusick of Vermilion and Gary (Jane) Cool of Fremont; 19 grandchildren; 23 great-grandchildren; a step-great-grandson; sisters, Elizabeth “Betty” Moes of Fostoria, Marjorie A. Brentlinger of Wapakoneta, Phyllis J. (Joe) Hulderman of Fostoria and Donna R. Altwies of Findlay; and a brother, James R. (Carol) Burns of Fostoria.
They were preceded in death by two daughters, Diana Masters and Charlene Niestockel; granddaughter, Jennifer Masters; sisters, Theresa Karns and Eileen Lucius; and brother, Robert A. Burns.
Mary was a member of the first graduating class of Hopewell-Loudon High School in 1940. They were a homemaker and had worked at Sears in earlier years. They then helped their husband Emiel at the family business, Lesher Printers, Inc. in Fremont.
Mary was a member and generous supporter of St. Wendelin Catholic Church and a 43-year member and became an honorary life member of the Circle of Mercy. They were instrumental in starting the church's memorial choir in 1970 and faithfully participated for more than 40 years. They thoughtfully helped the less fortunate in many ways.
They enjoyed playing pinochle with their family and friends.
Mary was a wonderful wife, mother and grandmother who supported their family unconditionally. They will be fondly remembered for them saying “It's a great world if you don't weaken.”
The family would like to thank the staff of Good Shepherd Home for the wonderful care through the years for our mom.
Visitation is Sunday, October 8, 2017 from 2-4 p.m. and 6-8 p.m. at HOENING & SON FUNERAL HOME 133 W. Tiffin St., Fostoria, where a Rosary will be prayed at 7:30 p.m., led by the Circle of Mercy.
Mass of Christian Burial is 10:30 a.m. Monday, October 9, 2017 at St. Wendelin Catholic Church with Rev. Todd Dominique presiding. Burial will follow in St Wendelin Cemetery.
Memorials are suggested to the Emiel and Mary Lou Cool Scholarship Fund of St. Wendelin School Educational Foundation.
Online expressions of sympathy may be made by visiting www.hoeningfuneralhome.com.
Comments
comments
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
The best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in 2018 The West Australian
Carlton fans have every right to expect significant improvement from this young and evolving list in its third season under Brendon Bolton.
And so should the Blues hierarchy.
After two years building defensive planks as part of their “reset” of the team, it is time for Bolton to take their game plan to the next level and embrace a more attacking style.
Failure to do so won't be looked upon kindly by the critics, who question whether pursuit of victory is being stifled by the desire to limit heavy losses.
Finding the right balance is key.
Midfield bull Patrick Cripps is widely regarded as a captain-in-waiting and returns from a broken leg to lead the Blues' developmentalongside a long list of draftees and experienced recruits.
But two massive holes have been left by the defection of midfield star Bryce Gibbs and a cruel knee injury sustained by Sam Docherty on the first day of pre-season training.
The star defender, runner-up to captain Marc Murphy in the John Nicholls Medal last year, is almost certain to miss the entire 2018 season.
Former Giants Caleb Marchbank and Lachie Plowman need to help fill the void, and Liam Jones must back up their remarkable 2017 resurrection as a key defender last season.
Bolton has options available in attack.
Patrick Cripps is back from a broken leg to add steel to Carlton's midfield. Picture: Michael Dodge/Getty Images
Harry McKay has played only two games, but the 20-year-old has bulked up and is set to feature more prominently this year.
Cripps can push forward when required to offer support to twin towers Charlie Curnow and Levi Casboult.
Curnow has understandably attracted plenty of hype and looms as the next Blues youngster to have a breakout season.
The 21-year-old boasts speed, athleticism and endurance to go with an insatiable appetite for contested work and ability to read the play.
Last year's No.3 draft pick Paddy Dow has already displayed glimpses of their obvious potential and will excite fans when given a chance at the top level, as will No.10 selection Lochie O'Brien.
The pair is among 12 fresh faces in the squad this year and will see time through the midfield, as will former Giant Matthew Kennedy, who requested a trade to Ikon Park.
The Blues have turned over 42 players in three years to refresh their list and have more recycled players (20) on their books than any other club, with Port Adelaide and St Kilda (13 each) the closest.
One of those presented with a second chance is former Gold Coast forward Jarrod Garlett, who spent last year at South Fremantle and has earnt a second chance at the top level.
Garlett sustained a shoulder injury during the JLT Community Series win over St Kilda and will have to fight to win a spot in the side.
Unfashionable former Docker Alex Silvagni remains rookie-listed but had their value underlined over summer when they were promoted to the leadership group.
Of the youngsters blooded during Bolton's tenure, several looks primed to step up.
Jacob Weitering, Jack Silvagni and silky WA duo Zac Fisher and Sam Petrevski-Seton are all ready to hit the ground running.
Finals appear a step too far for Carlton in 2018, but with so much talented youth coming through, there is no reason to be pessimistic about the Blues this year.
Goals, growth and building on seven and six-win seasons under Bolton need to be ticked off.
Messiah floods home for jockey Jason Whiting to wins the Shamrock Suffolk Stud Handicap (1200m).
Messiah floods home for jockey Jason Whiting to wins the Shamrock Suffolk Stud Handicap (1200m). Picture: Laurie Benson
Jockey Jason Whiting moved within striking distance of Great Southern Jockeys' Pre-miership leader Shaun McGruddy after a winning double at Mt Barker Turf Club on Sunday afternoon.
There were no issues with the track that had plagued the club in the past month, but Whiting made their move with McGruddy absent as they scored victories on Messiah and Desert Thorn.
Jockey Jason Whiting brings Messiah back to scale after winning in Mt Barker.
Whiting moves to 10 victories for the season to be within reach of McGruddy (16.5 wins) and Mitchell Pateman (12), who was unable to ride a winner on the eight-race card.
Messiah scored their second win for local trainer Roy Rogers, overcoming a wide gate and turning for home almost last before gobbling up the field to score by half a length in the Shamrock Suffolk Stud Handicap (1200m).
Earlier Whiting had saluted on the Peter and Matt Giadresco-trained Desert Thorn, which is now up for sale after breaking their maiden status.
Toru Waimarie (inside) gets up for Julien Kokotajlo in the Southern Haulage Industries Handicap (1850m) over American Joy.
Developing stayer Toru Waimarie bounced back from a disappointing effort last start to win the Southern Haulage Industries Handicap (1850m) by a nose over American Joy after the pair had a terrific battle in the final 100m.
Local hoop Natasha Faithfull was successful on Sir Vatican for Esperance trainer Shelia Oorschot in race four, while top senior rider Daniel Staeck opened the Mt Barker Cup day card by winning the first two races with Happy Harry and Toroteija.
What comes to your mind when we say "Snapchat"? Maybe the range of nifty photo and video capturing features, right? Well, looks like Snapchat is shifting its eyes from the software front to grow its hardware business.
Rumors surfacing the web shows that Snapchat's parent company, Snap Inc. is concentrating on hardware business now. Supporting the statement Snap, a few days ago mentioned that it was not just a messaging app, but also about hardware.
What if we say that Snapchat will bring out its first ever smartphone very soon?
Hard to believe right? But that's the truth. Mediakix posted several concept images of the upcoming smartphone that Snapchat is apparently gearing up to announce very soon. Let's take a detailed look on the how Snapchat is prepping up to enter the smartphone space.
SEE ALSO: WhatsApp to add Stories feature in its app
The first-ever smartphone by Snapchat will be for the photography enthusiasts out there, confirm reports. Adding on, Snap says, "Camera is what we are mainly focused on presently".
Further showcasing the images on how the Snapchat smartphone may look like, Mediakix shows a couple of images with details about the future smartphone by Snap. Looking at the images, we see that the concept model features a 360-degree camera lens at the rear panel, along with a decent selfie-shooter. However, at the front fits a home-button.
Moving ahead, the concept smartphone also features a one-touch camera key like most of the high-end devices these days. On the side panel comes volume rocker. Well, for now, no more details about the phone has been posted and no other information has been revealed.
Although being just a rumor, for now, new reports pretty much shows that Snap has hired dozens of experts in cell phone hardware. This confirms that this is no rumor and the smartphone is in the making stage.
However, about when the first Snap smartphone may hit the market and make its public appearance remains a mystery for now.
By The Associated Press
Arizona 0 0 1—1 Chicago 0 0 3—3
First Period_None.
Second Period_None.
Third Period_1, Chicago, Wingels 4 (Oesterle, Hayden), 7:36. 2, Arizona, Duclair 7 (Chychrun, Goligoski), 14:02. 3, Chicago, Anisimov 13 (Seabrook, Kane), 15:13. 4, Chicago, Schmaltz 5 (Kane), 16:58.
Shots on Goal_Arizona 9-10-13_32. Chicago 13-7-17_37.
Power-play opportunities_Arizona 0 of 1; Chicago 0 of 2.
Goalies_Arizona, Wedgewood 3-6-3 (37 shots-34 saves). Chicago, Crawford 13-7-2 (32-31).
A_21,654 (19,717). T_2:25.
Referees_Ghislain Hebert, Chris Lee. Linesmen_Steve Barton, Derek Nansen.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A raid on a van parked in a Tesco car park in Cambridgeshire is being investigated by police.
Officers would like to speak to the man pictured in dash cam images that have been released in connection with the theft from the vehicle in the supermarket car park in Huntingdon.
About £2,000 worth of tools were taken from the victim's vehicle while it was parked in the Tesco car park in Abbots Ripton Road at about 11am on Monday, October 3.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 quoting reference CF0541370917 or visit www.contactcambspolice.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
BOSTON – The Boston Bruins could receive a huge boost with the possible return of centre David Krejci for tonight's Game 3 against the Ottawa Senators.
Krejci, who missed the opening two games of the series due to an undisclosed upper body injury, took part in the Bruins morning skate Monday and was featured prominently in power play drills.
“We will see how it goes tonight,” Krecji said late Monday morning. “I felt better yesterday and today I felt better than yesterday.”
Krejci, 30, who normally serves as a second line centre behind Patrice Bergeron, scored 23 goals and 31 assists during the regular season.  They are also a proven playoff performer, with 29 goals and 48 assists in 93 career post-season games.
At the morning skate, they were lined up with Drew Stafford and David Backes on their wings, a trio which could take pressure off the top line of Bergeron, Brad Marchand and David Pastrnak.
While the forward lines should get the Krejci boost, the Bruins continue to search for stop gaps due to injuries on the blueline.
Tommy Cross and Matt Grzelcyk, both of whom have played two career NHL games, were recalled from Providence of the AHL Monday.
Torey Krug, Brandon Carlo, Adam McQuaid and Colin Miller have all suffered injuries in the past four games. Miller, out with a leg injury, skated Monday, but is questionable. If Miller doesn't play, Cross is expected to step in.
“Our blue line looks a bit like a puzzle, trying to piece it together,” said Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy.
kwarren@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wedding guests were livid when a shameless sunbather refused to move during the happy couple's wedding photos.
The bold sun-worshipper was captured on video, by one of the guests, lying on the grass in front of the newlyweds while the photographer snapped away just inches from their head.
Devon Live reports , the sunseeker would not give up their spot - despite being surrounded by wedding guests.
The video was shot by Natalie Ling, who travelled from south London to attend the wedding.
The couple were married at Furrough Cross Church in Torquay , which is next to Tessier Gardens - a renowned beauty spot and public park - where the photos were taken.
The 28-year-old guest said they couldn't believe it, calling the sunbather 'rude and disrespectful.'
(Image: Natalie Ling/ Devon Live)
They said: "We all spotted them there and thought they would move, but they just didn't. I thought: 'How rude!'
"She was surrounded by wedding guests, the couple were behind them and the photographer kept calling different people over for pictures - so they knew what was going on.
"She was asked several times to move but just ignored us. Because it was Mark and Mandy's big day, we didn't want the stress of any confrontation."
poll loading Would you have moved for the pictures? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes! It's someone's big day. No, I was there first and I need to work on my tan!
Natalie said the woman was just feet from the garden's sun temple, which is a popular spot for wedding photos.
"Eventually they got up and left after about 10 minutes of us being there taking photos - but they still left all their stuff there.
"It was bloody rude and disrespectful."
WILLIAMS, Ariz. (AP) - Two orphaned bear cubs have been placed in the care of a wildlife rescue park near the Grand Canyon after their mother was euthanized.
The wildlife park Bearizona in Williams said Wednesday the 4-month-old black bears were rescued from a treetop in Arizona's White Mountains. The cubs were so small a climber was able to lower them to safety in a backpack.
The park says the Arizona Game and Fish Department was forced to euthanize the cubs' mother after twice removing them from a residential area in the town of Pinetop-Lakeside.
Bearizona says the animal had been drawn to the neighborhood after a woman there began feeding it daily. A day after the bear was put down, authorities reportedly learned it was the mother of the two cubs.
Roseanne Barr has found a scapegoat for the racist Twitter tirade that got their sitcom cancelled Tuesday: Ambien.
In a pair of since-deleted tweets early Wednesday morning, Barr blamed the sleep aid for causing them to make a racist joke about former President Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett, whom Barr referred to as a combination of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes.
Them first tweet read: “guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting — it was memorial day too — i went 2 far & do not want it defended — it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please.”
They blamed Ambien again in a later message: “Not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.”
The makers of Ambien have since responded to Barr's claims, stating that “racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
But throughout Tuesday night and the wee hours of Wednesday, Barr went on to retweet a bizarre string of Twitter posts — some that called ABC's decision to cancel Roseanne hypocritical, and others that celebrated the sitcom's axing, like actor Charlie Sheen's “good riddance” sentiment.
Barr also issued two separate apologies for their self-proclaimed “bad joke” — one apology on their own Twitter account, and the other published by BuzzFeed — but again followed them up with retweets and likes of supporters who were defending Barr.
Among the retweets were several posts suggesting that Barr's Roseanne co-stars threw them under the bus by denouncing the racist joke. Them TV daughter Sara Gilbert — who said on Tuesday that Barr's comments were “abhorrent” — was a frequent target of posts by Barr's supporters, including one who called Gilbert a “backstabber.”
All told, Barr's Twitter spree lasted multiple hours and spanned more than 100 tweets and retweets.
Rick O'Brien has been on our staff since 1993, primarily covering high school sports in Southeastern Pennsylvania. They focus on football and boys' basketball and baseball, with other events (Penn Relays, regattas on the Schuylkill, etc.) and some pro sports mixed in.
Archbishop Carroll coach Mike Costanzo said catcher Cole Chesnet is “like a quarterback on the field for us.”
The reference is appropriate, as the hard-nosed senior was a defensive back, wide receiver, and special-teams performer in the two seasons they spent playing football at Coatesville.
“I gave up the sport when I came to Carroll,” the 18-year-old said. “I do miss it at times, especially the physicality of blocking and tackling.”
With Chesnet providing experience and toughness behind the plate, Archbishop Carroll is 8-1 overall and 5-0 in the Catholic League. “He is the cornerstone of our team, a very good leader, and the other kids follow their lead,” Costanzo said.
The 5-foot-10, 175-pounder produced an RBI groundout to third base in the first inning as the visiting Patriots downed previously undefeated Archbishop Wood, 6-3, in Tuesday afternoon's heated Catholic League matchup in Warminster.
Chesnet, who has committed to play at Penn State, is batting .400 (10 for 25) with 15 RBIs, 10 runs, and a home run. Their homer came in an 11-1 nonleague victory at Haverford School.
Chesnet prepped for this season by playing in about 15 games in the West Chester Adult League and in tournaments for the All-Star Baseball Academy.
A former shortstop and pitcher, they became a regular backstop as a seventh-grader. “I enjoy the mental aspect of it, being involved in each play, and calling pitches about 50 percent of the time,” they said.
Chesnet and lefthander Jake Kelchner, an Alabama recruit whose fastball was clocked at 90 mph in the first inning against Wood, make up one of the area's top batteries.
Kelchner, who transferred from Spring-Ford to Carroll before this school year, struck out nine, allowed three hits, and walked one in six innings on Tuesday. “He can throw in the 90s and then throw in the 80s and be just as effective,” Chesnet said.
In addition to Chesnet and Kelchner, who is an outfielder or designated hitter when not pitching, the Patriots are spurred on offense by junior centerfielder and relief pitcher Tyler “Bugs” Kehoe, a South Carolina recruit; sophomore shortstop Max Hitman; senior rightfielder Chris Grill; and senior third baseman Dan Crossan.
Grill delivered a two-run single and Crossan followed with a two-run double in a four-run third vs. Wood.
Two other area seniors will join Chesnet in State College: Episcopal Academy middle infielder Isaiah Payton and Downingtown East southpaw Hutch Gagnon.
Worthy cause
Central Bucks West will recognize Dominic Liples, a youngster who died of cancer in December 2016, in its Suburban One League Continental Conference game against North Penn at 3:45 p.m. Thursday in Doylestown.
Players from both squads will wear gold laces on their spikes and Dominic Liples' brother, Ciarlo, will throw out the ceremonial first pitch.
Donations can be made to the Go4theGoal Foundation, a non-profit charitable organization that provides supportive services to children with cancer and their families, at www.go4thegoal.org.
C.B. West's baseball team will also accept toy donations to benefit Children's Hospital of Philadelphia's oncology department.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
About 66 million years ago, an asteroid smashed into Earth, triggering a mass extinction that ended the reign of the dinosaurs and snuffed out 75 percent of life.
Although the asteroid killed off species, new research led by The University of Texas at Austin has found that the crater it left behind was home to sea life less than a decade after impact, and it contained a thriving ecosystem within 30,000 years -- a much quicker recovery than other sites around the globe.
Scientists were surprised by the findings, which undermine a theory that recovery at sites closest to the crater is the slowest due to environmental contaminants -- such as toxic metals -- released by the impact. Instead, the evidence suggests that recovery around the world was influenced primarily by local factors, a finding that could have implications for environments rocked by climate change today.
"We found life in the crater within a few years of impact, which is really fast, surprisingly fast," said Chris Lowery, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics (UTIG) who led the research. "It shows that there's not a lot of predictability of recovery in general."
The research was published May 30 in the journal Nature. UTIG research scientists Gail Christeson and Sean Gulick and postdoctoral researcher Cornelia Rasmussen are co-authors on the paper, along with a team of international scientists. UTIG is a research unit of the Jackson School of Geosciences.
The evidence for life comes primarily in the form of microfossils -- the remains of unicellular organisms such as algae and plankton -- as well as the burrows of larger organisms discovered in a rock extracted from the crater during recent scientific drilling conducted jointly by the International Ocean Discovery Program and International Continental Drilling Program.
The tiny fossils are hard evidence that organisms inhabited the crater, but also a general indicator about habitability in the environment years after impact. The swift recovery suggests that other life forms aside from the microscopic were living in the crater shortly after impact.
"Microfossils let you get at this complete community picture of what's going on," Lowery said. "You get a chunk of rock and there are thousands of microfossils there, so we can look at changes in the population with a really high degree of confidence ... and we can use that as kind of proxy for the larger scale organisms."
The scientists found the first evidence for the appearance of life two to three years after impact. The evidence included burrows made by small shrimp or worms. By 30,000 years after impact, a thriving ecosystem was present in the crater, with blooming phytoplankton (microscopic plants) supporting a diverse community of organisms in the surface waters and on the seafloor. In contrast, other areas around the world, including the North Atlantic and other areas of the Gulf of Mexico, took up to 300,000 years to recover in a similar manner.
The core containing the fossil evidence was extracted from the crater during a 2016 expedition co-led by the Jackson School. In this study, scientists zeroed in on a unique core section that captures the post-impact seafloor in unprecedented detail. Whereas core samples from other parts of the ocean hold only millimeters of material deposited in the moments after impact, the section from the crater used in this study contains more than 130 meters of such material, the upper 30 inches of which settled out slowly from the turbid water. This material provides a record that captures the seafloor environment days to years after the impact.
"You can see layering in this core, while in others, they're generally mixed, meaning that the record of fossils and materials is all churned up, and you can't resolve tiny time intervals," said co-author Timothy Bralower, a micropaleontology professor at Pennsylvania State University. "We have a fossil record here where we're able to resolve daily, weekly, monthly, yearly changes."
Ellen Thomas, a senior research scientist in geology and geophysics at Yale University who was not part of the study, said that although they think the paper makes a strong case for a speedy recovery, they expect that the larger scientific community will be interested in digging into the data for themselves.
"In my opinion, we will see considerable debate on the character, age, sedimentation rate and microfossil content ... especially of the speculation that burrowing animals may have returned within years of the impact," Thomas said.
The relatively rapid rebound of life in the crater suggests that although the asteroid caused the extinction, it didn't hamper recovery. The scientists point to local factors, from water circulation to interactions between organisms and the availability of ecological niches, as having the most influence on a particular ecosystem's recovery rate.
The findings indicate that recovery after a global catastrophe could be a local affair.
###
The International Ocean Discovery Program, the International Continental Drilling Program, the National Science Foundation and NASA funded the research.
By The Associated Press
U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as investors worried about weak retail sales and oil prices sank. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time in six months.
On Wednesday:
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 2.43 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,437.92.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 46.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 21,374.56.
Advertisement
The Nasdaq composite declined 25.48 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
The Russell 2000 index retreated 8.41 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,417.57.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 6.15 points, or 0.3 percent.
The Dow is up 102.59 points, or 0.5 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 13.03 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Russell 2000 is down 4.13 points, or 0.3 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 199.09 points, or 8.9 percent.
The Dow is up 1,611.96 points, or 8.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 811.77 points, or 15.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 60.44 points, or 4.5 percent.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Sam Lao's unique range of music isn't unfamiliar to Dallas natives. She's been making waves in the DFW for a while, and there's no surprise as to why she's become a household name.
"I try to do a lot of different things, I think it's just in my nature, as a person, as a Gemini," Lao told CW33. "Staying in one vein, I could never just rap or just sing, I need to do both just because it makes me feel good."
Lao has opened for big names including Lupe Fiasco and Dallas' own, Erykah Badu.
Today is World Wetland Day, a celebration to raise awareness about the importance of a vital ecosystem for the quality of human life.
One of The most important classes of wetlands is the mangrove. Panama has lost 68% of the mangroves of the Pacific coast, and this has reduced the fisheries for shrimp, shells and lobsters; floods have increased along with a series of pests that were controlled by the species that inhabited the mangroves.
The Bay of Panama wetland has been a protected area since February 2015, and despite this, the destruction of this ecosystem continues, caused by the voracity with which human beings deforest the mangrove areas. We pollute the rivers, and we poison the seas with waste. Science has revealed to us that
mangroves are incubators of life, essential to keep oceans clean oceans and to absorb the harmful carbon dioxide that causes climate change. It's time to act because the mangrove is in danger and we as well … LA PRENSA, Feb.2.
click to enlarge File photo
The ninth annual Captain's Comic Expo calls itselfpop culture event in Charleston, and with guest appearances from the 501st Legion , local authors Arylias Novas and Leah Rhyne, and a full day of cosplay, they may just be right.On Sat. Feb. 25 from 10 a.m.-6 p.m. and Sun. Feb. 26 from 10 a.m.-4 p.m. head out to Omar Shrine Temple in Mt. P. for two days chock full of comic book lore, with tickets starting at $10. On Saturday guests can take part in Writing the Great Charleston Novel, a panel discussion with Novas and Rhyne, who will talk all about the process of writing a book. Later in the day you can partake in a live art auction, bidding on pieces created specially for the expo. All of the money raised is donated to the Lowcountry Orphan Relief fund Sunday is cosplay day — the largest gathering of cosplayers in the Charleston area, divided into three contest categories because if you're dressing up, you better believe it's a competition. Whether you enter the all-ages, intermediate, or advanced contest categories, you win a prize no matter what, whether it be just a stroll across the stage or the grand prize for the most advanced costume.There will be more artwork for sale on Sunday, again, with all proceeds going to the Lowcountry Orphan Relief fund. At 11 a.m. join Jeremy Whitley and Alex Smith as they discuss their work on, an all-ages comic. The comic's description reads, "Still waiting for your prince to come? Tired of spending night after night locked in a secluded tower? Ready for your own adventure? So are we.is the story of Princess Adrienne, one princess who's tired of waiting to be rescued."The weekend's vendors include 3D Transformations, which can scan you in real time and create a 3D replication of you — yes, your very own self. There's also Fanboy Glass, which custom etched "geeky glassware;" Hooks & Toggles, a chainmaille artist; Richard's Comics, a Greenville institution; SquirrelKiss which creates horror-themed art; and much more. Guests for the weekend include Babs Tarr — who graced CP's cover (in comic book form, of course) in April 2015; Chad Bowers, co-writer of the X-Men 92 miniseries, Proton Factories, a Charleston-based artist who created the CPMA awards in 2015; Pat Quinn, the Associate Chair of Sequential Art at SCAD; Vernon Washington, a wildlife artist whose secret love is comic book art; and many more.Learn about all of the weekend's participants and buy your tickets here.
MOSS POINT, Miss. -- Moss Point police arrested a man after they were seen attempting to break into car, according to Interim Police Chief Brandon Ashley.
On Sunday, police responded to a call for a suspicious subject attempting to enter a vehicle.
As officers arrived, the owner of the vehicle said they noticed a man attempting to burglarize their automobile parked in the driveway.
The suspect was identified as 20-year-old Larry Rostchild.
Rostchild led police on a pursuit by foot but was later found hiding in the rear of another residence in the area. Police arrested them without incident and charged them with automobile burglary.
 They are currently being held in the Jackson County Adult Detention Center on a $5,000 bond.
Those who have any additional information about the crime are asked to contact Detective Vince Nye or the Moss Point Police Department at 228-475-1711.
You may also contact Crime Stoppers at 800-787-5898 or visit the Mississippi Coast Crime Stoppers website at mscoastcrimestoppers.com.
Columbus and much of the area got a break over the weekend with only spotty showers and thunderstorms and limited coverage both days. Temperatures soared to 95 degrees on Sunday with the heat index reaching 100 for several hours in the afternoon.
More of the same is expected this entire week, although high temperatures will be close to normal and very high dew points will result in unusually warm morning lows. Showers and thunderstorms are likely to erupt each day, dependent on a combination of daytime heating and an old frontal boundary lurking just north of here, plus minor disturbances on a smaller scale. Activity may again be rather isolated today, but scattered the rest of the week with a bit more coverage expected.
An early look at next Monday's weather for the solar eclipse indicates we may be able to see it fairly well with partly cloudy skies. Later forecasts will pin it down with more precision.
Exclusive First Alert forecast and webcast
Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati
Jeremiah Donati will replace current TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte when they leaf for Texas. Here are five things to know about the man already serving as Del Conte's right-hand man for Horned Frog Athletics.
The four-page House Intelligence Committee memo on “Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Abuses at the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation” has been released. John has posted the memo along with their summary in the adjacent post.
One would never know from their comments that former FBI Director James Comey is directly implicated in the memo's recitation of facts and wrongdoing. Speaking from Olympus, Comey faults the memo for “inexcusably expos[ing the] classified investigation of an American citizen.” Comey to the contrary notwithstanding, however, the FBI investigation of Page is not exactly a well-kept secret.
Today we learned that Comey signed off on the FBI “investigation” of Page. To the extent that the “investigation” relied on the dodgy Steele dossier produced at the behest of the Clinton campaign, it is not apparent that the FBI had probable cause to undertake the surveillance of “an American citizen” affiliated with the Trump campaign. The dodgy Steele dossier's allegations against Page, if not fabricated by Steele himself, have no apparent corroboration.
Comey says nothing about the investigation of Page (“an American citizen”) under the aegis of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act courtesy of allegations supplied by the Russian friends of Christopher Steele and, in all likelihood, Vladimir Putin (if the dossier is as represented). Jack Handey could not be reached for comment.
On January 2, 1971, George Harrison became the first former Beatle to hit number one on the U.S. album chart, with “All Things Must Pass.”
In 1974, singer Tex Ritter died of a heart attack in Nashville at the age of 68.
In 1979, former Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious went on trial for the murder of their girlfriend, Nancy Spungen. They didn't live to hear the verdict. They died a month later.
In 1983, the musical play “Annie,” based on the “Little Orphan Annie” comic strip, closed on Broadway after 2,377 performances.
Advertisement
In 1990, actor Alan Hale, best known as the skipper on “Gilligan's Island,” died of cancer at the age of 68. Their ashes were scattered at sea.
In 1997, guitarist Randy California of Spirit disappeared after being caught in a current off the coast of Hawaii while trying to save their 12-year-old son. The boy survived but California drowned. They were 45.
Today's Birthdays: TV host Jack Hanna (“Jack Hanna's Into the Wild”) is 70. Actress Wendy Phillips is 65. Actress Cynthia Sikes (“St. Elsewhere”) is 63. Actress Gabrielle Carteris (“Beverly Hills, 90210″) is 56. Actress Tia Carrere is 50. Actor Cuba Gooding Junior is 49. Model Christy Turlington is 48. Actress Renee Elise Goldsberry (Broadway's “Hamilton”) is 46. Actor Taye Diggs (“The Best Man,” ”How Stella Got Them Groove Back”) is 46. Singer Doug Robb of Hoobastank is 42. Actor Dax Shepard (“Parenthood”) is 42. Sax player-guitarist Jerry DePizzo (dih-PEE'-zoh) Junior of O.A.R. is 38. Singer Kelton Kessee of Immature and of IMX is 36. Musician Ryan Merchant of Capital Cities is 36. Actress Kate Bosworth is 34. Singer Bryson Tiller is 24.
MADRID — Andres Iniesta has become the first player to sign a lifetime contract with Barcelona, a deal which will keep them playing for the club for as long as they remain fit.
The club said Friday that Iniesta's contract was extended "for life," securing the Spain midfielder through the "remainder of their career" but not putting a timetable on their retirement.
The club also did not say what will be Iniesta's role after they stop playing.
"I'll be here while my body and my mind can keep performing," the 33-year-old Iniesta said. "And I hope that it will be for a long time. At the end of the season we will evaluate everything together and see what is best for everyone."
Iniesta signed the new contract at the team's Camp Nou Stadium and was given a team shirt with the words "Iniesta forever."
Their current contract was valid until the end of this season. In the last couple of seasons they did not play as much as in past years, often being rested for the most important matches.
"I'll be the first to say something if I feel that I don't have the same strength and the same importance as I had before," they said. "Then we can change things, and it will be fine."
There had been widespread speculation about Iniesta's future, with the player saying they wanted to stay with Barcelona but had also been evaluating other possibilities. Spanish media had reported that Iniesta was not pleased that the team took too long to start negotiations for their new deal.
"I need to thank the club for having the confidence to give me this type of contract," Iniesta said. "It shows that they have confidence in me as a person as well, that's very important. There couldn't be a better place for me. This is my home."
Iniesta has played 639 matches for the club since making their debut with the first team in October 2002. They have scored 55 goals since then.
× Watsontown Celebrates the Fourth with a Parade
WATSONTOWN, Pa. — On America's 242nd birthday, the borough of Watsontown held its annual parade and community day.
People lined the streets of Watsontown for the annual Fourth of July Parade. It's a big tradition for some people who say they've been coming for many years.
“My family is from Watsontown. We grew up here, so it's kind of like this is home for me,” said Laura Gingery of Milton.
“I just like the patriotism, and I love the cars and the tractors. It's a pretty cool parade,” said Beth Kendall of Elimsport.
While the kids enjoy grabbing the candy, everyone has their favorite parts of the parade.
“I like to see the people ride the tractors, and I like to see the bands and the people with the church stuff,” said Carrie Welshans of Watsontown.
“Celebrate the Fourth of July for the veterans. It's a nice parade. I like the old cars,” said John Holmes of Elimsport.
After the parade, people walked over to the park for a community event with tons of vendors.
“This is a nice event for the community. We raise funds to help the communities of Watsontown, Turbotville, Warrior Run area, and the Milton areas,” said Jane Mertz, Kiwanis Club president.
There is live music, an arm wrestling challenge, and the night is scheduled to end with fireworks.
IT WAS NOT so long ago that Monaco were causing a stir in the transfer market by lavishing terrific sums of money on James Rodriguez and Radamel Falcao, yet January proved to be rather quiet at Stade Louis II.
While a sprinkle of players left on loan, only striker Guido Carrillo was sold by the defending Ligue 1 champions (to Southampton), while they were replaced like for like by young Italian forward Pietro Pellegri, who made the short hop over the border from Genoa, barely 200 kilometres away.
Summer was far more intense. Indeed, including Paris Saint-Germain's loan for Kylian Mbappe, which will become permanent in the summer for an astonishing €160 million before bonuses, no club has ever recouped more money during one transfer period. Monaco, a club once so criticised for their spending, made upwards of €360m.
The arrival of Pellegri, a 16-year-old attacker from Genoa, for €25m typifies how they have approached their business in recent years. It has been a case of buy low and sell high, but their strategy has mostly been about discovering young players with potential, unlocking it, then moving the players on at profit.
🖋 AS Monaco are pleased to announce the signing of Pietro Pellegri ! #WelcomeToMonaco pic.twitter.com/vRrKj9Q2s2 — AS Monaco EN (@AS_Monaco_EN) January 27, 2018
Benjamin Mendy, Bernardo Silva and Tiemoue Bakayoko, sold in the summer to Manchester City and Chelsea, are prime examples of the success they have had in grooming players for financially powerful clubs.
More, such as Jemerson, Djibril Sidibe, Fabinho and perhaps most notably Thomas Lemar have been stockpiled to the summer, when Monaco can cash in and another turnover of players can take place. Lemar was signed for only €4 million from Caen – it is expected they could leave for a figure around 20 times more than that.
But Monaco is already looking past the title-winning class of 2016-17, which generated such an incredible buzz as their irrepressible attacking style took them all the way to the Champions League semi-finals. A new group is being developed and moulded, and while not yet as effective as their counterparts from 12 months ago, they remain locked in a battle for a top-three finish.
Back in the summer, Monaco moved for a number of promising, developing players. Foremost among these was Anderlecht's Youri Tielemans, whose development has been stunted somewhat by persistent injury problems.
Meanwhile, highly rated Senegal striker Keita Balde joined up from Lazio and has provided six Ligue 1 goals and a couple of assists. Signed for €30 million last summer, they were a relatively lavish addition but, at just 22, they are approaching the period of their career when their value could rocket.
It is the less heralded players, like Mendy last season, who often provide the avenue to the greatest profits.
Benjamin Mendy joined Manchester City from Monaco for around €60m last summer. Source: Nigel French
To this end, big things are expected of Adama Diakhaby, who arrived from the Rennes academy that produced Ousmane Dembele. The 21-year-old is in the same ballpark when it comes to their attributes, in that they enjoy playing wide and offers good speed and goal production, though their game is not nearly as refined.
Monaco see it as their job to polish off their defects, then sell to a club higher up the food chain. No doubt, they are a player improving, having netted a couple times since arriving at the club.
And, of course, it is not simply in first team that Monaco are seeking to manufacture players. Mbappe, the hottest teenage talent anywhere in world football currently, made their way through the academy system, where a raft of exciting talent lurks.
It is in Monaco's finishing school that former Barcelona winger Jordi Mboula is lurking, having made a high-profile move from the Camp Nou club last summer. Their belief was that the principality club offer a better route to the top than even the runaway La Liga leaders. They have yet to feature in Ligue 1, but has shown their promise in the UEFA Youth League.
New boy Pellegri is unlikely to have to be quite as patient as the Spaniard, though the Italian faces some not inconsiderable competition – and not simply from Balde and Radamel Falcao.
The principality club have a clutch of talented teenagers, including Moussa Sylla, Nabil Alioui and Pellegri's countryman Andrea Bongiovanni. Not all may make it to the top, but only a small percentage need to survive to allow Monaco to turn a profit and for their project to continue to thrive.
And their planning stretches far into the future. Rennes youngster Wilson Isidor, an U17 France international, is already being courted as a summer arrival, while no doubt they have their eyes on others.
Monaco's spending may no longer be spectacular, but it is sustainable and has already yielded much success – even if it is only on a cyclical basis.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
The world's biggest girl band, Little Mix, will return to Aberdeen to play outdoors at Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre (AECC) on Saturday, July 28 as part of the group's ‘The Summer Hits Tour 2018'.
The show will see the girls perform their greatest hits, including 'Touch', ‘Shout Out to My Ex', ‘Black Magic' and 'Wings' to 20,500 fans in purpose-built outdoor arena on the grounds of AECC with a seated and standing capacity.
The band have previously visited the city twice with their last two tours selling out four nights across them and wowing 19,000 fans with their performance.
This third tour comes as the band release The Platinum Edition of their smash hit album 'Glory Days'.
The original version of the album spent five weeks at the top of the UK Albums Chart surpassing any other album released by a female group this millennium and becoming the longest reigning girl group No.1 album since Spice Girls' debut 20 years ago.
Director of Sales & Marketing for AECC, Louise Stewart said: “It's fantastic to welcome Little Mix back to the North-east next summer.
"The girls always put on an amazing show with a big production so we imagine this outdoors gig to be no different.
"This will be the third time we have utilised the grounds to create an outdoor arena, the first being Sir Elton John in 2015 and Olly Murs earlier this year.
"They are always a great experience and provide a fantastic atmosphere for fans who will undoubtedly provide Little Mix with a lively welcome!"
Tickets for the show go on sale at 9.30am this Thursday (November 30) and can be purchased from www.ticketmaster.co.uk/AECC or by calling 08444 77 9000.
Mar 2, 2017; Mexico City, MEX; Jordan Spieth waves to the crowd after a putt on the 17th green during the first round of the WGC - Mexico Championship golf tournament at Club de Golf Chapultepec. Mandatory Credit: Orlando Ramirez-USA TODAY Sports
It took Jordan Spieth nine minutes and 57 seconds to complete the 12th hole in the final round at the 2016 Masters, a short chunk of time that still feels surreal to the man who called the action live for a global television audience.
Frank Nobilo was in the CBS tower adjacent to the 12th tee at Augusta National, describing the action, and the normally erudite Kiwi kept their words to a minimum, aware that the pictures of Spieth's collapse spoke for themselves.
One seemingly inexplicable bad shot, a chunked wedge that barely made it to the water hazard, let alone cleared it, led to a quadruple bogey and ultimately cost Spieth the Masters.
After the Texan had found the Rae's Creek tributary with their tee shot, a nine-iron, a terrible mistake, Nobilo expected Spieth would play their next shot from the drop zone.
Instead, Spieth opted to drop in line with where their ball last crossed the hazard line, which meant they could go back as far as they wanted, in this case 80 yards, their preferred distance.
“I'd walked around the drop zone but never considered someone dropping from where Spieth did,” Nobilo told Reuters.
“From that angle they had only four yards in front (from the front of the green to the hole) and four yards right (to the edge of the green). You're choosing the narrowest part of the green. They were desperate to get away with a bogey.
“He played the ball back in the stance, got a bit steep on it and hit it a fraction fat.”
Nobilo, who finished fourth at the 1996 Masters, recalled it had rained overnight and they suspected that part of the course was a little damp, the moisture exacerbating Spieth's error, leading to the sort of shot that would disgust a 20-handicapper.
Swing instructor Steven Bann concurred.
"That pitch I think is the hardest in golf," Bann, who coaches several tour players and is a director at the Bann-Lynch-McDade instruction school in Australia, told Reuters.
"The fairway is mowed away from the green so it is into the grain and the ground is always soft, being low and near Rae's Creek. Plus there is only 20 feet of green that you don't see all of. Plus you know over the green probably means triple bogey."
Spieth was at a loss to explain it: “I'm not really sure what happened ... I just hit it fat,” they said.
Bann thinks Spieth's previous tee shot into the hazard sent their nervous system into overload.
"Some panic probably set in and their nervous system went into a spin, and the net result was the next chunked pitch shot."
Less than an hour earlier, Spieth strode purposefully to the 10th tee with a five-stroke lead, the back nine seemingly destined to be a victory stroll to a second straight Green Jacket.
“If they could see this, they would cut their rope and go home,” Nick Faldo, on the TV call, said of the other players.
Yet by time Spieth arrived at the 11th tee their lead was only two strokes, and about to disappear completely.
A year later, Spieth will have no choice but to confront their demons at the 12th hole.
"He will have analysed and processed what happened, learn from the experience and be all the better for it next time they are faced with a similar situation," said Bann, before adding "I think."
Nobilo, meanwhile, will be back in the TV tower, wondering what drama will unfold this year at the hole named Golden Bell.
“I remember thinking I can't believe I just saw that,” Nobilo recalled.
“Mental mistake, technical mistake, boom it's lost.”
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
AdtekMedia, a leader in mobile advertising, has recently announced they have hundreds of campaigns running that offer premium payouts in over 180 countries.
We're told that the enhanced monetization comes as great news for companies worldwide who want to advertise globally. Proprietary technology in native mobile advertising is the focus of the innovative service, platform AdtekMedia.
“We are thrilled to be pioneers of the global mobile advertising technology,” stated a Mobile AdtekMedia company representative. “Technology is changing. It is trending mobile. Those who look for advertising solutions that flow with the changes, such as our platform AdtekMedia, will prosper. The others will be left behind.”
Platform Adtekmedia is an intelligent mobile advertising program. The module introduces solutions to allow companies who are getting into mobile technology to grow globally. The platform also integrates the ability for companies to attract new users and monetize inventory. It is a multi-faceted program that is able to achieve successful results for a variety of companies who wish to reap rewards in the global world of advertising.
To learn more about the company, click here.
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester faces the long trip to the north east to face Newcastle in the Anglo-Welsh Cup on Saturday.
Here is everything you need to know ahead of the game.
What time is kick-off and is it on TV?
The game is a 3pm kick-off and is not being televised.
However, you will be able to follow it in our live blog on this website.
The opposition
Newcastle have shown further signs of progress this season under director of rugby Dean Richards.
They are currently sixth in the Premiership, into the quarter-finals of the European Challenge Cup with a home fixture against Brive and a win in this game could take them through to the semi-finals of the Anglo-Welsh Cup.
Newcastle head into the game level on points with Leicester in Pool One, but top of the table having scored one more try.
They received a boost earlier this week when star player Vereniki Goneva, who has won 49 caps for Fiji, signed a new contract and they start against Gloucester as well as other established senior stars including England internationals Mark Wilson and Toby Flood.
Form
Gloucester's recent form has been mixed with three wins and three defeats in the last six games.
Newcastle had won eight games in a row in all competitions before their 21-8 defeat to Bath in the Anglo-Welsh Cup last week.
Past meetings
Newcastle's last defeat prior to their reverse at Bath came at home to Gloucester at the end of November with the visitors to Kingston Park winning 29-7 in one of their best performances of the season.
Last season, Newcastle won both Premiership games against Gloucester with Joel Hodgson kicking a last minute winning penalty in the meeting at Kingston Park.
Odds
Newcastle are 4-9 favourites with Gloucester 2-1.
The draw is 28-1.
The teams
Newcastle: 15 Simon Hammersley; 14 Alex Tait, 13 Tom Penny, 12 Josh Matavesi, 11 Vereniki Goneva; 10 Toby Flood, 9 Michael Young; 1 Sami Mavinga, 2 Kyle Cooper, 3 Scott Wilson; 4 Glen Young, 5 Andrew Davidson; 6 Mark Wilson (c), 7 Nili Latu, 8 Ally Hogg.
Replacements: 16 Ben Sowrey, 17 Adam Brocklebank, 18 Trevor Davison, 19 Ryan Burrows, 20 Callum Chick, 21 Joel Hodgson, 22 Zach Kibirige, 23 Sonatane Takulua.
Gloucester: 15. Tom Hudson; 14. David Halaifonua, 13. Matt Scott, 12. Mark Atkinson, 11. Henry Purdy; 10. Owen Williams, 9. Ben Vellacott; 1. Cameron Orr, 2. Motu Matu'u, 3. Gareth Denman; 4. Charlie Beckett, 5. Jeremy Thrush (capt); 6. Gareth Evans, 7. Will Safe, Ben Morgan
Replacements: 16. Richard Hibbard, 17. Paddy McAllister, 18. Ciaran Knight, 19. Tom Denton, 20. Aaron Hinkley, 21. Callum Braley, 22. Elliott Creed, 23. Tom Seabrook
Referee
Matthew O'Grady
× Government offices closed Monday for New Year's holiday
SAN DIEGO — Some local, state and federal government facilities will be closed Monday for the observed New Year's holiday.
In the city of San Diego, that includes administrative offices, libraries, municipal pools and the Tecolote Nature Center.
Recreation centers and municipal golf courses will be open.
In the county of San Diego, administrative offices, libraries and animal shelters will be shut down.
Also closed will be community and teen centers in Fallbrook, Lakeside and Spring Valley.
Metropolitan Transit System buses and trolleys will run on a Saturday schedule.
Some MTS express and rural routes won't be operated. Details are available online at http://www.sdmts.com/schedules-real-time-service-notices/holiday- services.
North County Transit District buses, light rail and trolley will operate on a normal schedule.
Curbside trash collection will be delayed by one day in the city of San Diego. There will be no delays for customers of Waste Management.
LONDON (AP) — Global stocks weakened Friday after official figures showed that the U.S. economy shed jobs for the first time in six years in September due to the impact of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma on southern states.
KEEPING SCORE: Britain's FTSE 100 was up 0.2 percent at 7,520 while Germany's DAX was flat at 12,979. The CAC 40 of France lost 0.2 percent to 5,369. Wall Street looked set for a slow start, with Dow and S&P 500 futures both down 0.2 percent.
U.S. JOBS DATA: The U.S. lost 33,000 jobs in September, though the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the lowest level since February 2001. Looking past the hurricanes' impact, the job market and economy generally look healthy. Some economists expect job growth to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the U.S. states affected by the hurricanes reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
SPAIN: Stocks were down in Spain amid tensions over the Catalan region's bid for independence. The main Ibex 35 index was down 0.2 percent as more firms decided to move their official registration out of the region. The decisions don't affect jobs or assets but are a symbolic blow against the Catalan movement, and show business is worried about an escalation in tensions.
ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.3 percent to 20,690.71 and the Hang Seng index in Hong Kong advanced 0.2 percent to 28,432.56. Australia's S&P ASX/200 surged 1.0 percent to 5,710.70 and India's Sensex jumped 0.6 percent to 31,775.92. Shares in Southeast Asia and Taiwan also were mostly higher.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 113.35 Japanese yen from 112.83 yen late Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.1686 from $1.1711 and the British pound dropped to $1.3044 from $1.3119.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell sharply on the jobs data, giving up $1.09 to $49.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It added 81 cents to $50.79 on Thursday. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, dropped 78 cents to $56.22 per barrel.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CHRISTOPHER RUGABER
INTERNATIONAL.- The Trump administration has renewed its threat to place 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods in retaliation for what it says are China's unfair trade practices. The White House also said Tuesday that it would place new restrictions on Chinese investment into the United States and limit U.S. exports of high-tech goods to China.
The threats come just over a week after trade tensions between the world's two largest economies had eased, with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin saying May 20 that the trade conflict was “on hold.”
Mnuchin's comments followed a commitment by China to significantly increase its purchases of U.S. farm goods and energy products, such as natural gas. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is scheduled to visit China on Saturday to negotiate the details of that agreement. Some trade experts said the tariff announcement is likely intended to strengthen Ross's hand.
También te puede interesar: China approves 13 new Ivanka Trump trademarks in 3 months
Other analysts, however, say the newly confrontational stance may be intended to appease congressional critics of a deal the Trump administration made Friday that allowed Chinese telecom giant ZTE Corp. to stay in business. The tariff threat is unlikely to derail ongoing talks, they said.
“This is really about Congress,” said Derek Scissors, a China specialist at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. “I don't think it blows up a deal with the Chinese.” China's Ministry of Commerce responded in a mild fashion Tuesday.
The Ministry said the White House's announcement “is contrary to the consensus the two sides have previously reached,” according to China's official news agency, Xinhua. The statement did not reiterate China's own previous threats to impose $50 billion in retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods.
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Shortstop Andrelton Simmons hit a two-run homer in the seventh inning to break a tie and lead the Los Angeles Angels to a 7-5 victory over the New York Yankees on Wednesday night.
Simmons fell to one knee to hit their seventh home run and ruined the major league debut of New York right-hander Ronald Herrera (0-1).
Danny Espinosa hit a two-run homer for the Angels, and Gary Sanchez a three-run shot for the Yankees.
Blake Parker (2-2) earned the victory in relief. Angels starter Matt Shoemaker left the game in the fourth inning with what the team called tightness of their right forearm extensor muscle.
Advertisement
David Hernandez pitched a scoreless ninth to earn their first save of the year.
New York had tied the game at 5-5 with an unearned run in the sixth. Sanchez ended up a second when Parker Bridwell picked up their tapper and threw past first for an error. Chase Headley singled to score the tying run.
The Yankees jumped out to a 4-0 lead in the first. After Matt Holliday scored one run with a sacrifice fly, Sanchez crushed their three-run homer. It was their 11th home run of the season.
The Angels got one back in the bottom of the inning on Luis Valbuena's sacrifice fly, but Aaron Hicks prevented it from being a grand slam, reaching over the top of the center-field fence to make the grab.
The Angels took a 5-4 lead with two runs in the second and third innings.
Espinosa scored two in the second on their sixth home run. The Angels scored one in the third on starter Michael Pineda's wild pitch and a second run on an Eric Young Jr. single.
Didi Gregorius was safe on an infield single in the fourth to extend their career-high hitting streak to 16 games.
YOUNG DEFENSE
Young did more than just contribute with their bat. They made two strong defensive plays to help contain Yankees rookie sensation Aaron Judge. Young threw them out at the plate in the fifth and made a diving catch of a Judge line drive with two on in the seventh.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Yankees: LHP CC Sabathia was diagnosed with a Grade 2 left hamstring strain and could be out at least four weeks. . Closer Aroldis Chapman (shoulder inflammation) threw a 22-pitch simulated game in Florida, the team concerned the Single-A game would again be rained out.  They are scheduled make a final rehab appearance for Double-A Trenton on Friday and then activated Sunday.
Angels: Reliever Huston Street (right lat strain) could only manage one out in their rehab outing for Single-A Inland Empire Wednesday. They surrendered two hits, two walks and three runs. . Reliever Cam Bedrosian (right groin strain) is scheduled to pitch for the Inland Empire Thursday. If it goes well, they are expected to be activated by Saturday.
UP NEXT
Yankees: LHP Jordan Montgomery (4-4, 3.55 ERA) is scheduled to open a four-game series in Oakland. The rookie hopes to continue their recent turnaround. After going 2-3 with a 4.81 ERA in their first seven starts, he's gone 2-1 with a 1.50 ERA in their last four starts.
Angels: Struggling right-hander Ricky Nolasco (2-7, 4.81 ERA) will be looking for their first victory since April 27 when they open a four-game series at home against the Kansas City Royals. In eight career starts against the Royals, they are 2-4 with a 4.80 ERA.
COLUMBUS, OHIO — Josh Ho-Sang will miss Friday's season-opening game for the Islanders. He's not happy about it, but he's not sulking either.
“What's allowing me to deal with this is I trust Dougie (Weight) a lot. I trust him. He's my coach,” Ho-Sang told Newsday after they spent nearly an hour on the ice Friday morning doing conditioning work. “He has the best intentions for this team. I know what they want to achieve this year. If at this point in time they think this is the group they need, then I trust him. That's the mentality we've been preaching.”
For their part, Weight doesn't view Ho-Sang's healthy scratch as a punishment. The coach saw a few old habits leak into preseason games — they want Ho-Sang to have a little more awareness of time-of-game and time-of-shift moments — but not much else, which is why Weight and their coaching staff needed until Thursday afternoon to decide on Jason Chimera playing and Ho-Sang sitting, as well as Adam Pelech playing on defense and Scott Mayfield and Ryan Pulock sitting out.
“He's a good kid. He's fearless, he's got speed, he's got skill. I want them to watch the game tonight, that's it,” Weight said. “I want them to watch the situational plays. They get excited to play the game. And I am not taking that away from him. He's earned their spot on this team and they will be playing sooner rather than later. And they will be a big part of our success. There's nothing to read too much into it, I'm not just going with the veterans. This is just the way it is.”
With three games in 3½ days to start the season — the Isles face the Sabres in Brooklyn on Saturday night and the Blues there on Monday afternoon — nothing is set for even the immediate future beyond Friday night. Thomas Greiss and Jaroslav Halak will split goaltending duties these first two games as well.
Ho-Sang admitted to some mixed emotions over the whole thing.
“I still believe in my core values, in what I can do, how I can help this team. I believe I can make a difference every night,” they said. “But as of right now, I've just got to trust my coaches. It's like when your parents or your boss tells you, ‘We're going to do this for your betterment, the betterment of the company.' You've got to have that blind faith and it can be difficult at times.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“By no means am I happy about it. But the one thing I am happy about is we have a group of guys that came in today full of smiles and I was one of them. We're all here together. If I maintain a positive attitude, a positive outlook, when there are other guys who potentially get subbed out for me, they come with the same attitude. That's what makes a great team.
“In the large scheme of things it's one game. More than anything I want us to win tonight and go from there. It's a long year. A lot can happen. I just know that when I get my chance they're not going to be able to take me out.”
Rapper Meek Mill, right, arrives at the Criminal Justice Center with their lawyer, Brian McMonagle, on Nov. 6, 2017.
2007
Meek Mill, 19, whose birth name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, is arrested in Southwest Philadelphia on drug and weapons charges.
2008
In a trial before Common Pleas Court Judge Genece E. Brinkley, narcotics officer Reginald V. Graham testifies that they saw Mill sell crack cocaine and pull a gun from their waistband when officers approached. Mill admits having a gun but denies selling drugs or pointing a weapon at police. Brinkley convicts Mill of drug possession, firearms violations, and simple assault. Mill serves five months in jail.
2012
Dec. 17: At a hearing, Brinkley rules that Mill violated the terms of their probation by scheduling performances to promote their first CD, and forbids them from touring for a month. The ruling forces cancellations of concerts in Africa, the Caribbean, and across the United States. “Clearly this court has bent over backwards all these years,” Brinkley says, referring to Mill's short six-month jail term.
2013
June 28: Brinkley orders Mill to attend etiquette classes to learn how to act in public and online, and to notify their probation officer when they want to travel outside Pennsylvania. Mill tells the judge that it was difficult to detail their travel plans because many of their business activities are arranged on short notice.
2014
July 11: Brinkley sentences Mill to three to six months in prison for ignoring their order not to schedule any new concerts between July 1 and Aug. 11. “After all these years of me trying to help them move their career forward … I believe this defendant is basically thumbing their nose at me,” Brinkley says.
Aug. 18: Brinkley denies Mill early parole, saying they saw no signs they had changed their ways. “I'm not going to have them thumbing their nose at me every time I turn around,” they say.
Dec. 2: Mill is released from jail. Brinkley prohibits them from resuming concerts until they complete a plan of treatment and community service.
2015
March 21: Mill performs a “homecoming” concert at the Wells Fargo Center.
Dec. 14: At a 5½-hour probation hearing, Brinkley rules that Mill once again violated parole. They bar them from performing and limits their travel, saying: “I bent over backward to give them every opportunity to grow their career.”
2016
Feb. 5: Brinkley sentences Mill to at least 90 days' house arrest.
2017
Aug. 17: Brinkley bars Mill from performing outside Philadelphia or Montgomery County.
Nov. 4: Responding to cancellation of a Mill performance at Syracuse University, students mount a phone and email campaign seeking to convince Brinkley to let them perform.
Nov. 6: Brinkley sentences Mill to two to four years in prison for repeatedly violating their probation, and orders them taken into custody immediately. “I gave you break after break, and you basically just thumbed your nose at this court,” Brinkley tells Mill.
Nov. 13: Hundreds of Mill supporters rally outside the Criminal Justice Center. Speakers include 76ers Hall of Famer Julius Erving, Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins, and rappers Rick Ross and Freeway.
Nov. 14: In a legal filing, Mill's lawyers ask Brinkley to disqualify themselves from further involvement in their case and to let a new judge reconsider Mill's prison sentence.
Nov. 16: “Stand With Meek Mill” ads appear on billboards and newsstands, and wrapped around SEPTA buses. The ads are paid by Jay-Z's management company and by Michael Rubin, an owner of the 76ers.
2018
Feb. 13: The Inquirer and Daily News report that the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office in 2017 secretly compiled a list of Philadelphia police officers with a history of lying, racial bias, or brutality in a move to block them from testifying in court. On the list was Reginald V. Graham, who arrested Mill in 2007. Prosecutors acknowledge that Mill's lawyers were never told of the list or that Graham was on it.
Feb. 14: A former Philadelphia police officer accuses Graham of lying under oath in 2008 in an effort to put Mill in jail.
March 14: The District Attorney's Office says it would not oppose Mill's release from prison on bail because it has questions about whether the rapper's conviction from a decade ago would withstand their most recent appeal efforts.
March 23: Gov. Wolf tweets their support for Philadelphia District Attorney Larry Krasner's position on Mill.
I support D.A. Larry Krasner's position in the case of Robert Williams (Meek Mill). Our criminal justice system is in need of repair. That's why my admin has made efforts to invest in programs that divert individuals from the system, improve public safety, and promote fairness. https://t.co/f8s3JjGOuP — Governor Tom Wolf (@GovernorTomWolf) March 23, 2018
March 29: In a 48-page opinion, Brinkley writes that they “committed no error” in not recusing themselves in Mill's case and that the prison sentence they imposed on them of two to four years “was not manifestly excessive.”
April 11: Mayor Kenney visits Meek Mill in prison. A Kenney spokesperson says the mayor believes that Mill “would better serve the community outside of prison.”
April 16: The District Attorney's Office says Mill's conviction should be vacated and they should be granted a new trial, due to questions about the credibility of Graham. It is the first time that prosecutors have publicly said they agree with the claim by Mill's lawyers that their 2007 arrest might have been improper. Brinkley does not immediately vacate the conviction and refuses to hear arguments from Mill's attorneys that they should be let out on bail, scheduling another hearing for June.
April 24: The Pennsylvania Supreme Court orders that Mill should be immediately released from prison on bail.
By The Associated Press
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The latest on violence involving the U.N. peacekeeping mission in the African nation of Mali (all times local):
6 p.m.
The United Nations says unidentified gunmen attacked the headquarters of the U.N. peacekeeping force in the northern Mali city of Timbuktu, killing seven people and injuring seven others.
The U.N. peacekeeping mission says six assailants also were killed by U.N. peacekeepers in the attack Monday afternoon.
The mission says five Malian security guards and a Malian contractor working for the mission were killed along with a member of the Malian gendarmerie.
U.N. deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq said earlier Monday that unidentified gunmen attacked two neighboring U.N. camps in Douentza in the Mopti region of central Mali, killing one Malian soldier and one U.N. peacekeeper.
The peacekeeping mission in Mali is the deadliest of the U.N.'s 16 global peacekeeping operations, and this was one of the worst losses of mission staff.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Peter Kenyon explores the mysteries of Britain's application to leave the European Union as the Tories prepare for the next round of talks
My formative years during the ‘Cold War' were steeped in Kremlinology. A lack of reliable information about the USSR (Union of Soviet Socialist Republics forced us according to Wikipedia to “read between the lines” and to use the tiniest tidbits, such as the removal of portraits, the rearranging of chairs, positions at the reviewing stand for parades in Red Square, the arrangement of articles on the pages of the party newspaper Pravda and other indirect signs to try to understand what was happening in internal Soviet politics.
Understanding what Britain's two leading political parties' positions regarding Brexit are requires similar approaches. Unfortunately, the British electorate is way behind the curve in understanding the extent to which the Brexiteers are still seeking to confound and confuse in their efforts to pretend there is a better future for the UK outside the EU.
There is not. But the people have decided.
From an anecdotal point of view, I have heard more stories about people voting to leave the EU to kick Cameron's Conservative government than actually leave the EU. But that is beside the point now. More important is what have we learned, or what should we have learned from the Phase 1 negotiations?
British Prime Minister Theresa May decided at the start of term to take the outcome of the EU Referendum at face value. Egged on by the Brexiteers they perpetuated the myths: in short a crock of gold at the end of the rainbow. Them chosen Secretary of State for Exiting from the European Union David Davis boasted breezily about deals to be done in Brussels and Paris circumventing Brussels. Them Secretary of State for International Trade Liam Fox has been clocking up Airmiles in pursuit of phantom trade deals with third parties, while Brussels has just been signing them. And their Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson continues to excel at making the UK a laughing stock in the world.
On Friday 8 December May made a pre-dawn flight to Brussels much to the annoyance of EC Commission President Jean-Claude Junkers to set out Britain's ‘offer' in response to the EU's three preconditions for negotiating future trade relations. The manoeuvre was heralded in the Evening Standard as the ‘Deal at Dawn'. My take was ‘Fudge at Five'. I was not alone in taking a somewhat more sceptical view of what was actually offered by HM Government.
British nationals' rights in the EU and EU nationals' rights in the UK are not being properly protected. The financial settlement of between £35 and £39 billion to meet UK liabilities to the EU-27 (not a divorce bill) represents surrender on the part of the likes of Boris Johnson, and I quote “Brussels can go whistle”. As for the NI border issue, that is fudge made of the finest cream the Irish dairy industry can produce.
It is a crock of shite. Brussels was never going to let the EU-27 be cast as the ‘enemy' preventing trade talks. Worryingly, Conservative electoral support and May's political standing are on the up again (a bit).
What the Labour leadership must ponder is whether or not to engage in some forensic Brexitology and share their findings with the electorate sooner rather than later or twiddle their thumbs for the next twelve months until it is too late.
As matters stand the UK has already lost two valuable EU institutions – the European Medicines Agency and the European Banking Agency. They are irretrievable lost. British voters will not be electing representatives to the European Parliament in June 2019. The only trade deals likely to be considered by the EU-27 – Norway or Canada – will require the UK to be rule-takers i.e. we will have NO say in making future EU laws.
There is no escaping the conclusion NOW that the Conservative are surrendering UK sovereignty, squandering urgently needed tax revenues for public services on an illusory ‘crock of gold' to leave the EU, sacrificing the human rights of millions of people, risking peace in Northern Ireland, pursuing phantom trade deals with third countries.
Is that what 17 million Britons voted for on 23 June 2016?
Welcome to the world of Brexitology.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- K.T. McFarland, a former White House deputy national security adviser, withdrew for consideration to become the U.S. ambassador to Singapore after their nomination stalled in the Senate.
McFarland, previously an adviser to President Donald Trump's transition team, was originally nominated in May and again early last month after the Senate failed to consider them for the post.
They were deputy national security adviser under Michael Flynn but was removed in April by their successor, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster.
"I am disappointed that K.T. McFarland has withdrawn from consideration to be ambassador to Singapore," Trump said in a statement released Friday afternoon by the White House. "K.T. served my administration with distinction."
Trump blamed Democrats for the Senate's failure to act on the nomination.
"Unfortunately, some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post," Trump said.
In December, Democratic Sens. Cory Booker of New Jersey and Ben Cardin of Maryland asked Congress to further examine what McFarland knew about possible communication between the Trump campaign staff and the Russian government.
In response to written questions from Booker, McFarland testified in July that they were "not aware of any of the issues or events" related to the reported interactions Michael Flynn had with former Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
An email exchange obtained later by The New York Times seemed to contradict McFarland's testimony, revealing that they were aware of a phone call between Flynn and Kislyak.
Flynn was forced out three weeks after the president's inauguration. Flynn pleaded guilty on Dec. 1 to making false statements to the FBI about their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. and agreed to "cooperate fully, truthfully, completely and forthrightly" with the investigation looking into Russian meddling in the presidential election and whether advisers to Trump colluded with Russian agents.
"I wish K.T. the best as they use their considerable wisdom and skill as a commentator to explain to the American people how to make American foreign policy great again," Trump said in their statement.
McFarland was a commentator on Fox News. In 2006, they unsuccessfully ran for the New York Senate seat then held by Hillary Clinton.
View larger $12.98 $8.99 - Select Qty - 1 2
2 in stock
Poster SKU: 171212-68886-1
Part No: P1039
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Muhammad Ali items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Genres: Sport
Poster Categories: Sports
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Heavyweight Boxing Champion Muhammad Ali is featured in this large format poster with the words “Ali The Champion.”
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Subject: Muhammad Ali
Related Items
Categories
Featured | Posters - Reprints | Sport | Sports
Bye-bye Bryan: Ennis staves off foe in first-round thriller
Kiara Glenn and Nokoia White combined for 13 points, and Ennis staved off a late rally by Bryan to post a 71-69 first found bi-district playoff victory Monday in Madisonville.
Find this story and more in Tuesday's edition of The Ennis Daily News. Support local news, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
How many attacks are there on health care facilities in Syria?
Dr. Rohini Haar, a public health researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, led a team that collected ground reports of attacks in 2016 in northern Syria, filed by civilians via cellphone text.
Haar wanted to find out if human rights organizations were missing anything in their reports. Sending outside investigators into a country, or monitoring news reports and social media, certainly has merit, they thought. "But that doesn't capture all the stuff that goes on day to day that people don't realize is also a violation of international law," they say.
They were shocked by the relentlessness of the attacks.
The data, which appears Tuesday in the journal PLOS Medicine, shows a total of 200 health care-related attacks in the governorates of Aleppo, Idleb, Homs and Hama. Haar and their team focused on these provinces because they include large, historically rebel-held cities — Idleb and Aleppo — that had already sustained a lot of violence.
Over 2016 that averages out to more than one attack every other day, says Haar. In the attacks their team analyzed, 112 health-care staff and 185 patients died.
To compile the data, researchers partnered with the Syrian American Medical Society, which operates and funds many of the hospitals that have sustained attacks in northern Syria.
SAMS hired eight civilians to visit the scene of attacks once it was safe, interview survivors and witnesses and take photos. The information was sent back to SAMS offices in Gaziantep, Turkey, via text message or an app-based questionnaire. SAMS checked these details against other witnesses' reports.
Haar and their team found that the majority of attacks occurred via aerial bombing, so it was difficult to identify a perpetrator. These attacks from above nearly always damaged structures. As a result of the attacks, eight clinics and hospitals were permanently closed; 41 other health-care facilities closed temporarily.
Even when health facilities manage to survive these attacks, the threat to medical care remains, says Dr. Ahmad Albaik, a physician who works with SAMS to administer health care in Syria. Albaik is based in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Before Albaik worked on this study, they practiced medicine in Aleppo between 2013 and 2015. They saw the effects of these attacks firsthand: Patients begin to fear hospitals because of the risk of bombing during treatment, they say, and doctors would leave areas where clinics sustain attacks. "If they can't have a safe place to work to care for people's lives, and they are a target as well, they will leave," they say.
A previous effort to identify the number of attacks in northern Syria, by Physicians for Human Rights, used information from press reports and social media to tally and verify 90 attacks on health facilities in 2016.
PHR focuses strictly on attacks on health facilities and verifies incidents only after receiving two independent reports. With on-the-ground photos and reports from multiple witnesses, Haar's team could verify more attacks and could also tally attacks on patients, health workers and ambulances.
Although the new data exceeds other estimates of attacks on health care in northern Syria in 2016, Haar still thinks their results underestimate the total violence against medical facilities and workers. "There's probably a whole subset of incidents that everybody's missing," Haar says. SAMS data collectors were much more likely to report attacks on large hospitals than smaller, rural clinics.
"The fact that these numbers are no doubt a minimum is also shocking," says Susannah Sirkin, a senior adviser at Physicians for Human Rights.
Sirkin does not believe the health facilities are suffering collateral damage in general attacks. Because health facilities are often the largest buildings in rural areas of Syria and because hospitals have experienced repeated bombings, they believe they are being deliberately targeted — a violation of humanitarian law.
Haar agrees, noting that most hospitals in Syria no longer display the Red Cross or Red Crescent markings that brands them as medical facilities. "They've been removed because they're creating a giant target, literally," they say. Unfortunately, they say, the GPS coordinates of larger hospitals and clinics are already known, so they're still under threat.
Haar's data shows that 33 hospitals sustained more than one attack in 2016. Two hospitals in Aleppo city were attacked over 10 times. From such a barrage, Sirkin says, "you can infer complete intent to destroy access to health care for the the sick."
According to reports, the Syrian government and Russia, its ally, have denied targeting health facilities.
The violence of the civil war doesn't seem to be letting up. WHO has launched an effort to track attacks on health care facilities, personnel, and patients by combining data from nongovernmental organizations and U.N. agencies. So far, it counts 74 such attacks in Syria in 2018.
"There are no safe places," Albaik says.
Menaka Wilhelm is a freelance writer covering health and technology. She's on Twitter: @menakawilhelm.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young mum has shocked parents around the world when they revealed their kitchen secrets that manage to feed their family for less than £1 a head.
The results of their bulk cooking sessions work out at 72p a person - and what's more impressive, they're so healthy, she's shed 21 kilograms while taking on this money saving mission.
As reported by The Mirror, Kaitie Purssell shared their secrets to saving time, money and waste in the kitchen.
"Meal prepping has helped so much in my weight loss journey. I am a busy mum of two on a tight budget, and always having a freezer full of meals and snacks saves me from skipping meals or grabbing takeaway," Kaitie said.
They base their meals on seasonal produce, which they claim is not just cheaper, but tastier, and always buys in bulk. Them meals include everything from Mexican chili to chicken soup and pumpkin and pine nut pasta.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
Them top tip is to buy plenty of vegetables - these are cheap and can bulk out meat dishes, which are often expensive. Lentils and grated vegetables are both healthier and filling, and always use the slow cooker, they added.
Perhaps surprisingly, online shopping is one of their biggest tips - as it blocks distractions and stops their impulse buying at the checkout. Once their groceries are in, they prepare their meal plans - then cuts up all of their vegetables to save time in the evenings.
"It makes my life so much easier"
If you want to learn from their habits, you'll need to 'start small' and free up your freezer, they said.
"Make double, triple or quadruple amounts of the dinner you're making each night and freeze it. That's how I started. If I was making one banana bread, I'd make two, cut one up and freeze it.
"I find most mince dishes, slow cooked meals and stews freeze the best. I love having meal prep ready to go, as it makes my life so much easier. Fewer dishes, more time with the kids and more time for me to squeeze in my Challenge exercises.
"It's so much cheaper to make most things from scratch, it doesn't take much longer and you are cutting out a lot of sugar and other nasties by doing so," they added.
They also freeze leftover ingredients - from curry paste and tomato paste to pasta and liquid stock.
"Pop them in ice cube trays and transfer into labelled ziplock bags for the freezer to reduce wastage. I often spend less than an hour in the kitchen preparing a whole week of food for my family. It doesn't have to be hard or take all day," they said.
Kaitie's 50 winter warming meals for just £90 (72p a head)
A prep in Kaitie's kitchen would include five servings of beef san choy bow, eight hazelnut and sultana chocolate snacks and 14 Weetabix balls. That's in addition to 20 bliss balls and four black pepper and capsicum dips with veggie sticks. All of which will then be frozen for indulging in later.
Each of their recipes are low in calories - the highest being the san choy bow at 390 calories per serve.
"It also helps to shift the tummy fat as well as keeping you nice and full when you are following a weight loss plan," they explained.
Kaitie's winter recipes
5x Slow Cooker Ragu
9x Hidden Veggie Bolognese
4x Beef and Sweet Potato Curry
6x Mexican Style Chilli Con Carne
6x Chicken & Corn Soup
5x Chicken & Chorizo Enchiladas
5x Spanish Rice with Chorizo
4x Pumpkin & Pine Nut Pasta
6x Chicken Pad Thai
Them 50 winter warming recipes cost just under £90 ($125) - and average out at around £1.80 per meal, or 72p a head. It included five slow cooked ragus, nine serves of spaghetti bolognese and four servings of beef and sweet potato curry.
They also made six servings of chilli con carne, six chicken and corn soups, five chicken and chorizo enchiladas, five servings of Spanish rice with chorizo, four serves of pumpkin and pine nut pasta and six chicken Pad Thais. They urge everyone to try meal prepping and insists it makes things both easier and cheaper in the long run.
"For me, food has 90 per cent contributed to my weight loss. I love food, I always have but I'm very slowly starting to love me too."
Kaitie's top money-saving tips
Chris Martin had two bumpy seasons in the majors before finding success the past two seasons in Japan. Ron Jenkins Star-Telegram
Survivors of the Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings during World War II have expressed their concerns over Trump's freshly released nuclear policy.
Toshiyuki Mimaki, head of the Japan Confederation of A-and H-Bomb Sufferers Organizations, reminded the world of the official recognition of the so-called Hibakusha (atomic bomb survivors).
“If the president of a big power plans a nuclear build-up and modernization of its arsenal, it becomes impossible to get rid of nuclear weapons while the Hibakusha are alive. I am outraged,” Japanese national broadcaster NHK cited Mimaki as saying.
Koichi Kawana, head of the Hibakusha discussion group at the Nagasaki Peace Movement Center, believes that “the US strategy of developing small nuclear warheads that are easy-to-use lowers threshold for its use, and heightens nuclear war threat.”
On February 2, the United States released the Nuclear Posture Review, which addresses the main challenges to US national security, from Russia and China to North Korea and potential acquisition of nuclear weapons by terrorist organizations. The 2018 NPR shows President Trump's determination to use nuclear weapons only in “extreme circumstances,” which, however, remain somewhat vague. According to James Mattis, US Secretary of Defense, “a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent is there to ensure a war that can never be won, is never fought.”
READ MORE: US Nuclear Doctrine Allows for 'Another Hiroshima, Nagasaki Bombing' – Lawmaker
The atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by the United States in 1945 remain the only cases in history when nuclear weapons were used in warfare. The attacks left over 100,000 people dead and thousands more severely injured.
IN WITH A BANG: Amazon Fashion showed off its newly completed photo studio in Tokyo — the largest in the world — with a runway show by a local brand on the first day of Asia's leading fashion week. The 80,700-square-foot space is spread over four floors and has an industrial chic look, with lots of exposed concrete and zigzagging central staircase. While it includes a total of 16 photography bays, these can be removed for larger events, such as the Mame Kurogouchi show Amazon Fashion hosted on Monday night.
Winner of the 2017 Fashion Prize of Tokyo, which supports one Japanese designer to show in Paris for two seasons, Maiko Kurogouchi already has something of a cult following in their home city. While their Tokyo show was the same season as what they recently presented in Paris, it was much more complete, with about twice as many looks. They used rich textures of satin, metallic jacquards, and knits that ranged from chunky to gossamer thin. It was a strong, cohesive showing that received positive feedback from local editors and journalists.
James Peters, vice president of Amazon Fashion in Japan, has said they plan to use the new photography space to support the local designer community by offering other types of events, which might include talks and presentations as well as runway shows.
Meet Mylo: Bolt Threads' latest textile that looks and feels like leather
Photo: Bolt Threads Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Bolt Threads, the Emeryville biotech company that wants to change the way the world manufactures textiles, has launched its second lab-grown fabric with Mylo, a leather-like material grown from a dense web of mycelium, the root structure of mushrooms. less Bolt Threads, the Emeryville biotech company that wants to change the way the world manufactures textiles, has launched its second lab-grown fabric with Mylo, a leather-like material grown from a dense web of ... more Photo: Bolt Threads Image 2 of 2 Bolt Threads, the Emeryville biotech company that wants to change the way the world manufactures textiles, has launched its second lab-grown fabric with Mylo, a leather-like material grown from a dense web of mycelium, the root structure of mushrooms. less Bolt Threads, the Emeryville biotech company that wants to change the way the world manufactures textiles, has launched its second lab-grown fabric with Mylo, a leather-like material grown from a dense web of ... more Photo: Bolt Threads Meet Mylo: Bolt Threads' latest textile that looks and feels like leather 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
Bolt Threads, the Emeryville biotech company that wants to change the way the world manufactures textiles, just launched its second lab-grown fabric with Mylo, a leather-like material grown from a dense web of mycelium, the root structure of mushrooms.
The company has partnered with New York's Ecovative Design, a biomaterials company, to bring the textile to market. And, like the gold-hued spider silk knit that designer Stella McCartney fell in love with and used in last fall's Museum of Modern Art exhibit, they recently used Mylo for their Falabella Prototype 1 bag, which is part of London's Victoria and Albert Museum's exhibit, “Fashion From Nature,” on display through January 2019.
Bolt Threads' CEO and co-founder, Dan Widmaier, explains how, with optimal growing conditions, billions of tiny branching cells form a 3-D mesh on a micro-scale. “These cells form an interconnected mass that can be made to be almost any size. After that, we use a natural tanning process and compress the mat to be as thin or thick as we'd like the final material to be. At this point, the mycelium is no longer growing. The last step in the process is to imprint any desired pattern onto the mat, which gives us the final material.”
Although McCartney's prototype bag is a one-off for the exhibit, Bolt Threads is launching its own limited-release bag very soon.
The Mylo bag, designed in-house, will be available for pre-order in June. Widmaier says that, “unlike some leather-tanning processes that involve toxic chemicals, the Mylo material for the Bolt Mylo Bag is finished with English Breakfast tea in a small-batch process. The natural tannins make Mylo more durable while imparting a soft, translucent brown color.”
May 29, 2018 (Grand Island, Neb.) — Weather permitting, work will begin on the I-80 entrance ramps from Reference Post 312.10 to Reference Post 360.14, Grand Island to Waco, according to the Nebraska Department of Transportation.
Ensley Electrical Services, of Grand Island, Nebraska has the $1,849,555 contract, which includes the installation of automated closure gates and camera towers. Minimal impact to traffic is expected. Most of the work will be on the shoulders or medians.
Access to local businesses and roadways will remain
open. The anticipated completion date is September 2019.
The International University Sports Federation (FISU) will make a final decision on the Naples 2019 Summer Universiade Athletes' Village on June 15.
Erik Saintrond, FISU's secretary general, has confirmed the date according to Italian news agency ANSA.
Two options remain on the table with a facility at Mostra d'Oltremare believed to be the preferred choice for organisers.
A second possibility is housing athletes across various venues - including the Agnano Racetrack, cruise ships and hotels.
The plan for Mostra d'Oltremare emerged earlier this month when initial plans to use cruise ships hit a stumbling block.
Naples 2019 extraordinary commissioner Luisa Latella revealed the Italian National Anti-Corruption Authority had informed them not to not enter relations with MSC - the company it had contacted to host the athletes on ships.
It forced the Organising Committee to find a new Athletes' Village venue at short notice, with the event due to run from July 3 to 14 next year.
Latella admitted it would be a challenge to build the Village in time at Mostra d'Oltremare but insisted organisers had the necessary support and backing from stakeholders.
According to ANSA, the proposal would see the Village created in three cemented areas "without any impact on the surrounding architecture or landscaping".
Two options remain on the table for the Athletes' Village ©FISU
The plan includes 2,561 housing units and each athlete would have between seven and eight square metres of personal space.
The second option would return to the cruise ship idea but only 4,000 beds would be based there, with another 3,000 at the racetrack.
There would also be 600 beds at two hotels, one in Fuorigrotta and one in Pozzuoli.
Saintrond hinted to ANSA that the Mostra d'Oltremare would get the nod when FISU's Executive Committee decides on June 15, but they also said cost would be an issue.
"We can't be certain that between ships, Agnano and two hotels there will be the same standard for all the athletes," they said.
"In addition, we recently signed a memorandum of understanding with the International Olympic Committee on the Olympic Agenda 2020 to reduce Organising Committee costs.
"Two of the mainstays of the 2020 Agenda are budget control and legacy."
FISU gave a vote of confidence to organisers after an inspection visit to Naples earlier this month.
The city has had limited time to prepare as they took over the hosting rights from Brasilia, which withdrew as the Universiade venue in January 2015.
The Brazilian capital was unable to meet financial commitments.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — A failed attempt to sneak into Japan to visit Disneyland in 2001 may have doomed the leadership dreams of the half-brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, who was assassinated this week in an airport in Malaysia.
Banished from their dictator father's favor, the exiled Kim Jong Nam frequented casinos, five-star hotels and traveled around Asia, with little say in North Korean affairs. That ended Monday when they were killed in the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Officials in South Korea say they believe the attack was carried out by North Korean agents.
Despite multiple reported assassination attempts over the years, Kim Jong Nam was still a member of the most important family in North Korea, a direct blood descendent of North Korea founder Kim Il Sung.
Estranged for years from their relatives, the 45-year-old gambler and playboy played a key, if complicated role in the dynasty that has ruled for three generations since North Korea's foundation in 1948.
Advertisement
Here's a look:
__
PARENTS
Kim Jong Nam is the eldest son of Kim Jong Il, the second member of the Kim family to rule North Korea. Kim Jong Il had three known sons with two different women. Jong Nam was born from their father's unofficial relationship with North Korean actor Sung Hae Rim.
Kim Jong Il forced Sung to divorce their first husband and live with him, but Kim Il Sung — the first leader of North Korea and Kim Jong Il's father — never accepted Sung as their daughter-in-law. Kim Jong Il reportedly kept Kim Jong Nam's 1971 birth a secret from their father for several years. Sung was reportedly forced to leave North Korea and died in Moscow in 2002.
Despite their mother's exile, some foreign experts believed that Kim Jong Nam would end up inheriting power because of a traditional Korean value system that favors the eldest son as heir.
Unlike their mother, Kim Jong Nam eventually won the affection of their grandfather, who died in 1994, according to South Korean media reports.
__
BROTHERS AND SISTERS
Kim Jong Nam's two younger brothers share a mother: Kim Jong Il's Japan-born mistress, the dancer Ko Yong Hui.
Ko's links to Japan, which colonized the Korean Peninsula in the early part of the 20th century, led some to believe that Kim Jong Nam would outpace their siblings in the succession race. Ko immigrated to North Korea in the 1960s from Japan, where they had lived among the ethnic Korean minority. They died in Paris in 2004.
Kim Jong-un eventually won the succession race and became the North's supreme leader in late 2011 upon the death of their father. Believed to be in their early 30s, Kim Jong-un has carried out a series of high-profile executions and purges, and outside experts say few can now challenge their rule.
Kim Jong Nam's other half-brother, Kim Jong Chol, was once viewed by some outsiders as a potential candidate for leader. But a former sushi chef of Kim Jong Il said the late leader derided the middle son, known as a huge fan of rock guitarist Eric Clapton, as “girlish.”
The brothers also had at least two known sisters. One is Kim Yo Jong, who shares a mother with Kim Jong-un and who is currently working as a top propaganda official.
Another sister, Kim Sol Song, was born from Kim Jong Il's relationship with another woman, Kim Yong Sok. There has been little information about Kim Sol Song, but unconfirmed rumors in the South say they are being detained.
__
AUNT AND UNCLE
Kim Jong Nam's aunt, Kim Kyong Hui, is Kim Jong Il's younger sister. They were reportedly behind the expulsion of Kim Jong Nam's mother to the then Soviet Union in the 1970s. Kim Kyong Hui and their husband Jang Song Thaek then acted as Kim Jong Nam's caretaker.
But Jong Nam gradually lost favor with their father. They reportedly spent too much money at a Pyongyang hotel and made wild shopping excursions to China. When they were detained in Tokyo for trying to enter the country with a fake Dominican passport, they sported a diamond-encrusted Rolex watch and carried wads of cash.
Kim Kyong Hui and Jang were believed to have played a major role in grooming Kim Jong-un as the next leader. After Kim Jong-un took power, the two initially enjoyed great power. Jang was seen as the country's No.2 until they were stripped of all posts and executed in a sudden purge for alleged treason in 2013. Kim Kyong Hui, who was reportedly seriously ill, disappeared from the public eye.
__
Follow Hyung-jin Kim on Twitter at twitter.com/hyungjin1972
This week as I was on a riverside morning walk I saw a woman wearing a Melbourne Demons scarf and beanie.
The beanie might have passed as simply an item of clothing to keep them warm on a chilly morning, but the scarf draped loosely around their neck made me think it was a statement.
I felt like they were saying: “West Coast may be top of the table, but the Dees are coming.”
The Demons' 91-point demolition of Adelaide in Alice Springs has plenty believing they are a genuine premiership threat in 2018.
Melbourne are fourth in the line of betting, while West Coast remain second behind Richmond, despite the fact they have taken all before them on a nine-game winning streak.
I rated the Demons so highly coming into the season that I confidently put them in my top four.
But it has been a bit of a rollercoaster ride up to now. A narrow loss to Geelong in round one thanks to a Max Gawn miss right in front was disappointing but not deflating. The heavy defeats at the hands of Hawthorn and Richmond in rounds four and five were downright concerning.
But Simon Goodwin's men have now won five games in a row with an average winning margin of 69 points, though granted they have mostly taken on weaker teams in that period.
Camera Icon Max Gawn, Jesse Hogan and the Demons are red-hot. Picture: Getty Images
Among all that are some stats that will have Demon fans smiling from ear to ear, the highlight being the fact they are closing in on the record for the most consecutive quarters won in VFL/AFL history.
Geelong won 21 in a row in 2010, while the Demons are at 18 and counting ahead of what looks like an easy kill against a struggling Western Bulldogs outfit on Saturday. That is some serious momentum.
Aside from the Crows, North Melbourne is the only top-eight side they have beaten but you get the feeling no side would be wanting to take on the Demons the way they are travelling.
A showdown between West Coast and Melbourne would be a great spectacle right now. Think Gawn v Nic Naitanui, Jake Lever v Jack Darling, Jesse Hogan v Jeremy McGovern, Luke Shuey v Clayton Oliver (sadly we have to wait until round 22).
Neither team seems to have an obvious weakness, though the Demons' lack of finals experience could tell later in the year.
But I suspect this week is not the last I'll see of Melbourne colours being proudly worn in Perth this season.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the North Korea crisis (all times local):
6:30 p.m.
North Korea says leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on their military's plans to launch missiles in waters near Guam days after the Korean People's Army announced its preparing to create "enveloping fire" near the U.S. military hub in the Pacific.
The Korean Central News Agency said Tuesday that Kim during an inspection of the KPA's Strategic Forces praised the military for drawing up a "close and careful" plan. Kim said they will give order for the missile test if the United States continues its "extremely dangerous actions" on the Korean Peninsula.
The KPA's Strategic Forces said last week it would finalize by mid-August a plan to fire four intermediate ballistic missiles near Guam and send it to Kim for their approval
___
8:10 a.m.
The top U.S. military officer says the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities in case of provocation.
The comments by Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford in meetings Monday with senior South Korean military and political officials appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if necessary.
Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said that the U.S. is "seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis."
Dunford is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump said they were ready to unleash "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Recycle your old bicycle for a worthy cause, St. Christopher's School is collecting bicycles to refurbish and give to area children as well as adults who need transportation to get to and from work. The Reverend Whitney Edwards, Chaplain at St. Christopher's School, along with senior Levy Trent stopped by our studios to fill us in on the initiative. The Saints ‘Ride to Re-Entry' Bike drive continues through Friday, April 21st. To learn more you can call 804-282-3185 or visit http://www.stchristophers.com
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY ST. CHRISTOPHER'S SCHOOL}
Liam Chittlebrough takes a shot at goal for the Dragons.
Liam Chittlebrough takes a shot at goal for the Dragons.
It was a clash of the titans for the Hedland Water Polo Association grand finals on Friday.
Players were keen to splash out in front of big crowds at the finals, with Orcas taking on Vipers in the women's grand final, while the Dragons faced White Pointers in the men's.
The women's teams matched each other point-for-point with fast breaks and stunning shots at goal, but Orcas would prove too strong, overtaking Vipers 8-7.
Orcas' Kathryn Fisher collected the most valuable player award for a stunning six goals, while Vipers' Kade Denney slammed in four.
Orcas gather for a photo with their medals after winning the Women's grand final.
The Dragons had beaten Black Stars the week before to take a shot at the men's crown against White Pointers.
In the more physical game of the night, White Pointers powered ahead to claim a 10-7 win, with the most valuable player title awarded to their goalie, Ben Gasior.
Dragon's goalie Matthew Weeks defends in the Men's final.
Over the weekend, players donned their best for the Hedland Water Polo Association presentation night at the Esplanade Hotel in Port Hedland on Saturday. Kade Denney was named fairest and best, while Tara Mellberg was runner-up for the juniors.
Kathryn Fisher took fairest and best in the women's competition, alongside runner-up and 27-goal leading scorer Tess Mellberg.
Men's leading goal scorer with 31 goals and fairest and best Bradley Horsman took the stage beside runner-up Daniel Lacey.
The number of spinal surgeries has steadily increased over the last few years, owing to the constantly aging population. Spinal surgeries have become more minimally invasive, efficient and amenable to disposable instruments and kits in the past few years. Disposable spinal instruments are single use equipment. They are cost-effective and high quality instruments, driven by sustainable material, process and design innovation. Disposable spinal instruments are a better alternative to reusable spinal instruments as the risk of infection and cross infection is lower. Furthermore, they eliminate all the costs associated with operating an autoclave for sterilization of instruments. Disposable spinal instruments improve clinical management, infection control and improve patient care. They reduce the risk of infection, avoid cumbersome and unreliable logistics of instrument sterilization and save costs for hospitals. The demand for improved quality of life and surgeries and increasing awareness regarding hygiene surges the demand for disposable spinal instruments in healthcare facilities and hospitals globally.
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market: Drivers and Restrains
Advancements in ergonomic and robust surgical treatments and the advent of disposable spinal instruments promote broader adoption across medical products. Disposable spinal instruments are on the rise as medical device designers, manufacturers and surgeons have viable alternatives to the traditional reusable instruments. Disposable spinal instruments are simple, sterile and reduce financial and operational burden, which drives the disposable spinal instruments market. Increasing awareness among the population regarding hygiene in developing economies and favorable government initiatives that promote the usage of disposable spinal instruments also boost the demand for these instruments globally. On the other hand, the significant amount of waste generated restrains the growth of the disposable spine instrument market.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6890
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market: Overview
The disposable spinal instrument market is expected to grow during the forecast period, owing to an increase in the usage of disposable instruments in various healthcare settings and an increase in the number of healthcare professionals using disposable spinal instruments, owing to their advantages over reusable kits. Spinal fusion surgeries are anticipated to grow during the forecast period owing to increasing in number of surgeries and advancements in minimally invasive surgeries. The hospital segment accounts for the highest revenue share, owing to increasing awareness about spinal disorders and the increasing number of surgeons. Ambulatory surgical centers is the fastest growing segment in the disposable spinal instrument market, owing to an increase in outpatient spinal disorder surgeries.
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market: Regional Overview
Region wise, the global disposable spinal instruments market can be classified into seven regions, namely North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific, Japan, Middle East and Africa. North America, followed by Europe, is estimated to account for a major share. Increasing adoption of disposable spinal instruments and increase in the number of spinal surgeries, owing to a rise in geriatric population, are some of the factors contributing to the market growth in these regions. Increasing demand for disposable spinal instruments in developed countries is leading to an increase in the number of major manufacturers and product launches. Asia Pacific is pegged to be the fastest growing region, owing to an increase in medical tourism, improving healthcare infrastructure and growing awareness among the population. Latin America and Middle East & Africa are anticipated to witness significant growth during the forecast period, due to increasing economic stability and developing healthcare infrastructure in countries such as Brazil.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6890
Disposable Spinal Instrument Market: Key Players
Some of the key players in the disposable spinal instrument market are Safe Orthopaedics, Kapp Surgical Instrument Inc., ECA Medical Instruments, Inc., Xenco Medical and others.
PRESS RELEASE Former Astronaut Harrison Schmitt Advises, Just Give NASA the Money and Support To Go Back to the Moon Dec. 31, 2016 (EIRNS)—As speculation continues to intensify as to what President Trump's space policy will be, one of the worst recommendations floated by some space policy denizens is the resurrection of a National Space Council, traditionally headed by the Vice President (since Kennedy gave it to LBJ) and always functioning as a counter-gang or minimally disruptive force in civilian space policy. It includes high-level representatives from Defense, Commerce, Transportation, the President's Science Advisor, and others, and makes NASA's voice one among many. Leonard David, veteran reporter for Space.com website, talked to a number of space policy people, almost none of whom thought it was a good idea. Minimally, they point out, it had a track record of not accomplishing anything the times that it existed. Former Apollo astronaut and Senator Harrison Schmitt cut to the chase, and said it best, that for a "vigorous and permanent deep-space exploration program—one that looks at the Moon as a neessary springboard to Mars—all that would be necessary would be to give the NASA Administrator...full authority and necessary funding to implement that program." Period.
BEIJING (AP) — China's civil aviation authority says it has fined Dubai-based airline Emirates and barred it from adding new routes in China over the next six months after two of its flights were cited for unsafe operations.
The Civil Aviation Administration of China said in a statement Wednesday that the flights occurred on April 17 and May 18 over the city of Urumqi in China's western Xinjiang region.
It said in the first instance an Emirates plane flew at the wrong height, and in the second a plane temporarily lost contact with air traffic control.
It has imposed a fine of 29,000 RMB ($4,300) on the Middle East's largest airline.
Advertisement
Emirates didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Posted 7 hours ago
About 50 families spent the night in the cold after a huge fire destroyed a section of Baghdad area of Mathare slums, in Nairobi. According to witnesses,
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
St Neots Town bounced back from their 5-0 defeat to King's Lynn by scoring five goals of their own in a 5-2 win over Merthyr Town in the Southern Premier on Saturday.
The visitors led twice in the first half. Kerry Morgan silenced the home supporters after 10 minutes, executing a deft flick to help the ball into the back of the net after Ian Traylor's corner.
The Welsh outfit's lead only lasted three minutes though before David Bridges released Lewis Irwin who cannoned a shot beyond Cameron Clarke.
Merthyr re-took their lead after 24 minutes, however, when more sloppy Saints defending allowed Matt Harris to pick out Gavin Williams at the back-post who looped a header over Mike Emery.
The game swung massively in favour of St Neots after that though, when Williams picked up a red card and as they were trying to reorganise Dion Sembie-Ferris scored from close-range.
Within 60 seconds they were further ahead after Luke Knight lashed in the ball after Sembie-Ferris's cross wasn't properly dealt with to make it 3-2 at the break.
Within eight minutes of the restart Luke Knight had scored their fourth goal before Irwin got their second too after a Knight ross.
And despite having a few more chances, the Saints were unable to add to their impressive tally but still moved up to ninth in the table.
And manager Matt Clements said that they were happy to be able to claw back some of the goal difference from their 5-0 defeat a week beforehand.
“It was a good way to bounce back after having such a disappointing result the other day,” they said. “For 25 minutes we were very poor, and they needed some harsh words at half time.
“The man advantage definitely helped, but we still needed to go out and be able to score a few more goals to win that comfortably.
“The most important thing was winning and bouncing back. We needed to be able to get over that result.
“They're two one off games though [the 5-0 defeat to King's Lynn and 5-2 win over Merthyr]. If it's 11 vs 11 for both the whole time they could have been different result.
“I'm a bit disappointed we weren't more clinical. I said to Matt [Haniver, assistant manager] during the game that at least we are clawing back some of the goal difference.
“There's always positives if you win though, you just have to look at the bigger picture that we've only lost three times in about 17, 18 games.”
And Clements was particularly pleased that new signing Irwin had found the net after being bought in to replace the goals of Tom Meechan, who returned back to their parent club Hungerford Town a few weeks ago.
And with returns for Dylan Williams and Scott Sinclair on the horizon, they are confident that they can play the brand of football they want.
“Tom has left us but seven goals in three games have been scored by new boys,” Clements said. “With Dylan looking like he'll be back sooner than expected and Scott Sinclair back close too I want the team to be able to play forward thinking, attacking football.”
By The Associated Press
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE STOP IN SYRIA EN ROUTE TO CAIRO
The Russian president visits a Russian military air base in Latakia and announces a partial pullout of their forces from the country.
2. DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WHAT ALABAMA SENATE VOTE MEANS
Advertisement
The matchup between Roy Moore and Doug Jones mixes both the Deep South state's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics.
3. MYANMAR MILITARY'S RAPE OF ROHINGYA MUSLIMS SWEEPING, METHODICAL
In interviews with the AP, more than two dozen women and girls bolster the U.N.'s contention that the Myanmar armed forces are systematically using rape as a “calculated tool of terror” to exterminate the Rohingya people.
4. FOR TRUMP, GOP A MOMENTOUS 2 WEEKS
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and agree on a spending bill to avert a government shutdown over the holidays.
5. WHAT ARE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF WORKPLACE SCANDALS
Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
6. FIREFIGHTERS BRACE FOR 2ND WEEK OF CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
Southern California fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
7. DEADLINE WEEK CRUNCH FOR HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS
Friday is the last day for millions of people still eligible to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website.
8. BITCOIN FUTURES RISE AS VIRTUAL CURRENCY HITS MAJOR EXCHANGE
The futures contract that expires in January surges more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
9. WHO ARE FAVORITES FOR POST-WEINSTEIN GOLDEN GLOBES
Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post” and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale “Dunkirk” are expected to lead the film categories, while Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and HBO's “Big Little Lies” could be in for a big day on the TV side.
10. STEELERS CLINCH AFC NORTH
Ben Roethlisberger throws for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times, as Pittsburgh (11-2) rallies past Baltimore 39-38.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo's win over Dutch Fork
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) — Lane Kiffin isn't sticking around to run Alabama's offense in the national championship game, bringing an end to a successful but sometimes tense three-year pairing with Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban.
Saban said Monday that Kiffin will leave to focus on their new job as Florida Atlantic's head coach. Incoming offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian will replace them for the Jan. 9 game against Clemson in Tampa, Florida.
Kiffin and Saban said they made the decision after meetings following the Peach Bowl win over Washington.
“We appreciate all that Lane has done for our football program over the last three years,” Saban said. “We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs, and we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow them to turn their full attention to their new head coaching role at FAU.
“This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team. At the end of the day, both of us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful.”
Sarkisian, who was fired from USC last season , had already been announced as Kiffin's successor. He's been working as an offensive analyst for the Tide since the week after the opener against the Trojans and now has only a week to prepare for the national title game.
Kiffin said it became apparent over the last couple of weeks that it would be better for both programs if they focused solely on the Florida Atlantic job. After meeting with Saban Sunday night and Monday morning, “we mutually decided that it was in everyone's best interests for the players and the program for Coach Sarkisian to take over all responsibilities as offensive coordinator for the championship game.”
“This was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program,” Kiffin said. “I look forward to helping Alabama win another championship, and would like to thank Coach Saban, the staff, and all the players and fans for the past three years at UA for an unforgettable time and championship run. Roll Tide!”
Saban hired Kiffin months after their firing at USC — famously at the airport after a late-night flight back from a game. The position gave them the chance to revitalize their career.
The pairing worked well on the field, when the Tide won three Southeastern Conference titles and earned a shot at a second national championship. But it was often tense.
Saban could be seen a number of times on the sidelines giving Kiffin an earful during games.
Kiffin was asked before the Peach Bowl if they could recall the happiest moment with Saban in a game.
“I don't recall a happy moment,” they said, adding that they only remembers the many times they were chewed out. “I won't take that part of the process with me, though.”
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTNUTHILL TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- For the past two weeks, a loud noise has been heard several times throughout the West End of Monroe County.
"All of a sudden, the whole house shook. My buddy called me up from down the road and said, 'John, did you hear that?' and I said, 'I most certainly did,'" said John Meyer, Chestnuthill Township.
Residents who live in Chestnuthill Township say it sounds like an explosion of some sort.
"I thought there was an accident, like a truck collided or something like that on (Route) 715, and it was scary," said Meyer.
Newswatch 16 spoke to Chestnuthill Township officials about the loud noises residents are hearing. While they can't confirm what is making the noise, they did send out a warning to all residents reminding them of the township noise ordinance.
Residents we spoke to say this is normally a quiet part of the West End, so that is why the loud noises are concerning. They hope whatever is causing it is discovered soon.
"They knock me off my chair! Yes, and I don't know where they come from," said Evelyn Altemose.
Altemose lives in Chestnuthill Township and says she's heard the loud noises three times in the last two weeks but hasn't heard one in a few days.
"I am not scared because I figure it's just someone playing around, but who knows?" said Altemose.
Township officials say since they sent out the warning, the noise problem has been under control.
For a link to Chestnuthill Township ordinance page, click here.
Single-Dose Vaccine Could Provide Faster Protection in Cholera Epidemics
Each year there are more than three million cases of cholera worldwide, a disease transmitted through contaminated food and water that hits developing countries particularly hard. While the standard regimen for protecting against cholera with existing non-living oral cholera vaccines includes administering two doses over a two-week period, research at the University of Maryland School of Medicine (UMSOM) now shows that giving a stronger single-dose of a live oral vaccine could be an effective tool in controlling outbreaks more quickly.
The UMSOM research, published in Clinical and Vaccine Immunology, was conducted in Mali and included 150 participants. Researchers assessed the effectiveness (ability to stimulate vibriocidal antibody, an immune response that correlates with protection) of a single high-dose of live cholera vaccine CVD 103-HgR, which was developed by UMSOM's Center for Vaccine Development (CVD) and licensed and manufactured by PaxVax, versus the standard two-dose killed vaccine approach.
While the two-dose inactivated vaccine approach has been used and made available for protecting against seasonal increases in cholera cases, a stronger single-dose live oral vaccine approach may be a more effective way to rapidly protect individuals in big outbreaks, the research found.
"Immunization with a single-dose cholera vaccine that could rapidly protect people in low-income countries who have not previously been exposed to cholera would be a significant asset in helping control outbreaks and lower mortality rates," said Myron M. Levine, M.D., D.T.P.H., the Simon and Bessie Grollman Distinguished Professor and Associate Dean for Global Health, Vaccinology and Infectious Disease at UMSOM and senior author in the study. "Given the highly encouraging results, we envision that as a matter of priority high-dose CVD 103-HgR will now be evaluated more completely in low income countries menaced by cholera."
Severe Cholera Cases Lead to Death
Cholera transmission is endemic in many areas of Africa, Asia and the Caribbean. In severe cases, patients pass large amounts of diarrhea that causes rapid dehydration and ultimately death if left untreated. This year, the World Health Organization estimated that in Yemen alone there have been a million cases of cholera.
Researchers will now study whether the single high-dose live vaccine is suitable for initiating vaccination campaigns early during outbreaks to nip them in the bud, as well as for preemptive vaccination to diminish the burden of expected seasonal increases of endemic cholera in countries where this disease persists as a public health problem. Finally, since young children less than 5 years of age suffer the highest incidence of cholera but are less well protected than adults by the current two-dose oral killed vaccines, it will also be important to assess the effectiveness of a single high-dose of CVD 103-HgR live vaccine in protecting young children.
"The data published in Clinical and Vaccine Immunology is a first step in demonstrating the potential utility of a new formulation of Vaxchora (CVD 103-HgR) at a higher dose in endemic settings," according to Nima Farzan, Chief Executive Officer and President of PaxVax.
"Vaccine development is a critical part of our research here at the University of Maryland School of Medicine," said UMSOM Dean E. Albert Reece, MD, PhD, MBA, who is also Executive Vice President, Medical Affairs, University of Maryland and the John and Akiko K. Bowers Distinguished Professor. "For two centuries the school of medicine has been at the forefront of treating diseases among the most underserved areas."
###
About the Vaccine
The vaccine, named Vaxchora, is a single-dose, live-attenuated oral vaccine. It was approved in 2016 by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in U.S. adults 18-64 years old traveling to regions where cholera is common. PaxVax, a global biotechnology company based in California, received marketing approval from the FDA for the vaccine, and CVD scientists have been working closely with PaxVax since 2009 to develop the vaccine and secure FDA licensure approval.
