NAPLES, Fla. (AP) – Two men working on a power pole were hospitalized after being shocked in Florida.
The Naples Daily News reports that the men were injured Thursday.
North Collier Fire Control and Rescue District says both men were alive when they were taken to a North Naples hospital.
Officials weren't immediately saying what led up to the injuries. It wasn't clear what company the men worked for.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Though production launched last July at the company's plant in Fremont, California, a series of snags have left Tesla struggling far short of expectations. After announcing worse-than-expected earnings last month, Musk recently insisted production is “absolutely on track” to reach target by mid-year. Sullivan is one of many skeptics. And even if the Tesla CEO is right, they note that the company will be well behind on meeting the estimated 400,000 or so advance reservations for the Model 3, some potential buyers now likely not to take delivery until 2019 or beyond.
Related: Is Tesla's Model 3 likely to sink the company?
That is, of course, if they don't ask for their $1,000 reservations back. And many appear to be doing just that, at least if Chevrolet dealers in some parts of the country are to be believed. They've been reporting that some potential Model 3 buyers have given up on waiting and are now buying Chevy's own long-range electric, the Bolt EV.
Giving credence to that claim, General Motors CEO Mary Barra this week announced that the automaker will be ramping up production of the Bolt — which beat the Model 3 to market by about six months.
That said, Chevy's expectations for Bolt are modest. Sales totaled just 26,000 last year. That was more than the Model 3, but if Tesla meets expectations, its compact electric sedan would generate sales of as much as 400,000 vehicles annually.
GM itself plans to launch two more battery-electric vehicles by mid-2019, and 25 by 2023. Volkswagen will have 50 coming for its various brands, and even launch an all-new sub-brand called I.D. That includes a fully electric take on the classic VW Microbus, to be called the Buzz, as well as the big Vizzion sedan that debuted in Geneva this week.
MINNEAPOLIS — Prince's heirs have sued Walgreens and the Illinois hospital that treated the music superstar after they suffered from an opioid overdose, alleging that a doctor and various pharmacists failed to provide Prince with reasonable care, contributing to their death.
The wrongful-death lawsuit filed in Cook County, Illinois, alleges a doctor and pharmacist at Trinity Medical Center in Moline, Illinois, failed to appropriately treat and investigate Prince's April 15, 2016, overdose, and that they died “as a direct and proximate cause of one or more … deviations from the standards of care.”
It accuses Walgreen Co. and pharmacists at two of its Minnesota branches of “dispensing prescription medications not valid for a legitimate medical purpose.”
Walgreens and the hospital's parent company both declined to comment Monday, citing pending litigation.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park studio compound in suburban Minneapolis on April 21, 2016. An autopsy found they died of an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic opioid 50 times more powerful than heroin.
Authorities said it was likely Prince didn't know they were taking the dangerous drug, which was laced in counterfeit pills made to look like a generic version of the painkiller Vicodin. The source of those pills is unknown and no one has been charged in Prince's death.
A week before they died, Prince passed out on a flight home from an Atlanta concert and the private plane made an emergency stop in Moline. The musician had to be revived with two doses of a drug that reverses effects of an opioid overdose.
At Trinity Medical Center, Prince refused medical tests but was asked what drugs they took. Documents show a pill that they had with him, which was marked as Vicodin, was sent to the pharmacy for testing. A hospital pharmacist said it appeared to be Vicodin and returned it to Prince.
Prosecutors said last week that no chemical testing was done on the pill, but evidence suggests it was counterfeit and laced with fentanyl.
The lawsuit alleges the pharmacist and emergency room physician, Dr. Nicole Mancha, failed to timely diagnose and treat the overdose and failed to provide appropriate counselling.
The allegations against Walgreens stem from prescriptions that were dispensed to Prince, but written under the name of their bodyguard, Kirk Johnson. Authorities said Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg admitted that they prescribed oxycodone to Prince under Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy. Schulenberg disputes that, but paid $30,000 to settle allegations the drug was prescribed illegally.
Attorneys for Prince's family, George Loucas and John Goetz, said in a statement that they will have more to say when the time is right.
“Prince's family wishes, through its investigation, to shed additional light on what happened to Prince. At the same time further light on the opiate epidemic will hopefully help the fight to save lives,” the attorneys said. “If Prince's death helps save lives, then all was not lost.”
——
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of their work at: https://apnews.com/search/amy%20forliti
Why it matters to you If it works as well as claimed, the Caavo could put an end to nearly all of your streaming-related woes.
In some ways, there has never been a better time to watch TV: streaming media players are nearly as plentiful as the streaming services available on them, and great content is everywhere. Even so, it's not uncommon to need more than one streaming box to access all your favorites, and that can be problematic. That's exactly the problem that Caavo, unveiled yesterday at Recode's Code Media event, is attempting to solve.
The company's streaming media player, also named Caavo, aims to unify all of your viewing options via a single interface with one remote, and this integration extends to your streaming media players, game consoles, and your cable box. The 16-inch wide box features eight HDMI inputs, an Ethernet port, two USB ports, and a 3.5mm jack meant to be used for an IR extension cable. This might sound like a glorified HDMI switcher, but the Caavo aims for much more.
More: The best media streaming device you can buy
Once everything is plugged in, the Caavo autodetects all of your devices. Even better, once you've signed in to your various accounts, the device pulls everything together in one easily searchable place. Using the voice-enabled remote, you just search for whatever you want to watch, and the device handles it automatically, all without you having to worry about switching inputs.
“Living room entertainment is disjointed, and even within our own homes each of us watches TV differently. It took embracing all of it, in any combination, to make it work together seamlessly,” Caavo co-founder and CEO Andrew Einaudi said in a statement. “This isn't the future of TV, it's the way it was always meant to be.”
The company was founded in 2015 by Einaudi, Ashish Aggarwal, Vinod Gopinath, and the late Blake Krikorian. The founders had come from companies like Sling Media, Harman, and others, so if anyone is going to try to tackle this problem — one that companies with much bigger budgets, like Apple, have yet to crack — it seems like Caavo does conceivably have the chops pull it off.
More: Comcast is bringing Xfinity TV to Roku, but you'll still need your cable box
Instead of switching inputs on your TV or receiver, the Caavo takes a different approach, processing every signal coming into the box, and switching between the signals. The HDMI inputs on the box support 4K, but don't yet support any HDR format. HDR10 could be added later via a software update, but as Dolby Vision requires dedicated hardware, this would require a hardware revision.
The Caavo will sell for $400, and the initial release will consist of a batch of 5,000 units launching later this year. Whether or not the device will in fact work as seamlessly as advertised remains to be seen, but if it does, watching TV could get a lot easier. For more info on the Caavo, see the company's website.
Updated on 02-15-2017 by Kris Wouk: Edited to add a link to the Caavo website.
Researchers have found that a family of asteroids that dates back to the solar system's early days. Here is an artist's concept of a broken-up asteroid. The leftover building blocks of the solar system, called planetesimals, were similarly fragmented, and they drifted apart over time.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
A newfound ancient family of asteroids is nearly as old as the solar system, and it could shed light on how Earth and the other planets formed, a new study finds.
In the early days of the solar system, rocky material clumped together into bodies known as planetesimals. Some of these planetesimals collected to form the planets, while others mostly settled in the main belt of asteroids, between Mars and Jupiter.
Understanding what the planetesimals were originally like could yield insights into how the asteroids and planets formed, the new study's researchers told Space.com. However, over billions of years, countless collisions have shattered nearly every ancient planetesimal into asteroids, they added. These fragments have drifted apart over time, making it difficult to identify families of related asteroids and learn about the planetesimals they came from.
Related: The Asteroid Belt Explained: Space Rocks by the Millions (Infographic)
Now, scientists have identified a previously unknown family of darkly colored asteroids that is "the oldest known family in the main belt," said study lead author Marco Delbo, an astrophysicist at the University of the Côte d'Azur in Nice, France.
This discovery came as part of research into the inner portion of the main belt. "Most of the asteroids and meteorites that hit the Earth come from this source region," Delbo told Space.com. "Also, we and many other colleagues wanted to trace the asteroid Bennu, the target of NASA's OSIRIS-REx sample return space mission, back to its origin in the main belt and possibly to a parent asteroid."
The scientists used a computer model to look for v-shaped groups of asteroids. This shape is what one would expect from a single-parent body that fragmented into pieces and dispersed over time, the researchers said.
This newfound asteroid family consists of rocks averaging 7.15 miles (11.5 kilometers) in diameter that are found across the entire inner part of the main belt. This family has 108 members of which the researchers are certain, the largest of which is asteroid 282 Clorinde, which is about 26.1 miles (42 km) wide.
"There are other asteroids in the region that could also be part of our primordial family," Delbo said."The largest of these is 51 Nemausa, with a diameter of 138 km (85.75 miles)."
Based on the asteroid family's size and shape, the researchers estimated that it is about 4 billion years old. In comparison, the solar system was born about 4.6 billion years ago. One other asteroid family potentially as old as this one is found among the Hildas, a group of asteroids located beyond the main belt, nearly as far away from the sun as Jupiter is, Delbo said.
Asteroid families are usually named after their largest members, which are likely the parents of the rest of their families — smaller members are literally chips off the old blocks. However, "we would like to avoid giving a name to this family," Delbo said. This is because over the course of billion of years, gravitational tugs of war with the planets may have slung the parent of this family away from the rest of its members, they explained.
Related: Apollo Astronauts Reunite to Celebrate 50th Anniversary
By analyzing this asteroid family and others, the scientists estimated the original planetesimals were all larger than 15.5 miles (35 km) wide. This supports the traditional view of asteroid formation, which says that most were born as fragments of large chunks of rock, in contrast to some recent models, which suggest that planetesimals were much smaller chunks of rock, Delbo said.
"The almost 1 million asteroids that we see in the main belt can be linked to a few progenitors — those that were born big," Delbo said.
The scientists said they plan to use their new method to find asteroid families in other areas of the main belt. "There are more families yet to be discovered," Delbo said. This research could go on to reveal "precious information about the orbital and mass distribution of planetesimals at the time when the planets were forming," they said.
The scientists detailed their findings online today in the journal Science.
Follow Charles Q. Choi on Twitter @cqchoi. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
16:57 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Trump tweets that they are 'looking forward' to meeting PM After Prime Minister Netanyahu tweeted that they are "looking forward to meeting President Trump tomorrow," Trump tweeted in response that they were "looking forward as well" to their meeting.
► ◄ Last Briefs
Getty Image
After making their return home to the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2014, LeBron James' time with the Miami Heat is in now their past and according to reports, a reunion is very unlikely to happen in the future. Although James' days in a Heat uniform are likely done, their son LeBron James Jr. could perhaps one day follow in their father's footsteps and play in Miami.
While this may just seem like fantasy, just check out the two-man game between James Jr. and Heat big man Hassan Whiteside that took place at the Miami Pro-Am on Saturday. Getting a chance to play with adults didn't phase the 12-year-old James Jr., who appeared to more than hold their own and connected with Whiteside on a series of impressive plays, including a few exciting lobs.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A spokesperson for Ralphie May says the comedian has died. They were 45.
In a statement Friday, publicist Stacey Pokluda says May died of cardiac arrest. They said they had been fighting pneumonia, which caused them to cancel a few appearances in the past month.
Their body was found Friday morning at a private residence in Las Vegas.
On Wednesday, the round-faced May was named casino comedian of the year at the Global Gaming Expo. They were booked through the rest of 2017 at Harrah's Las Vegas.
May, a Tennessee native who was raised in Arkansas, parlayed a second-place finish on TV's “Last Comic Standing” in 2003 into TV and club appearances.
Their publicist said May's survivors include their wife, Lahna Turner, and children April June and August James.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Why it matters to you Antibiotic resistance is a huge problem in hospitals. By targeting specific bacteria -- instead of all of them -- this CRISPR pill may eliminate antibiotic resistance.
Scientists from the University of Wisconsin-Madison want to stamp out antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Their weapons of choice are deception and a powerful gene-editing tool called CRISPR.
CRISPR has been making waves over the past few years, leading to what some are calling the “CRISPR Revolution,” impacting industries from healthcare to agriculture. Initially borrowed from bacteria, which use CRISPR as an immune defense against viruses, the gene-editing tool works by recording snippets of the attacker's DNA, so that the bacteria can recognize and eliminate future invaders.
In their lab at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Jan-Peter Van Pijkeren hopes to use CRISPR to deceive a nasty germ called Clostridium difficile. It may sound unfamiliar to most people but it's nonetheless a risk to hospital patients. Studies have shown C. difficile to be the cause of almost half a million infections and 15,000 deaths in the United States, topping the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's list of drug-resistant threats.
Van Pijkeren's plan is to develop a virus that can carry a customized CRISPR message into the human body by packaging it into a swallowable probiotic pill. When the pill passes into a person's intestinal tract, the virus would exit and infect any C. difficile in the area, delivering a false message that causes the bacteria to self-destruct. Though the pill hasn't yet been tested in animals, previous studies have shown that similar methods work, reports MIT Technology Review.
Sweeping antibiotic use — which kills off both good and bad bacteria — sets the stage for drug-resistant bacteria. As such, C. difficile will be a persistent problem, according to Herbert DuPont, director of the Center for Infectious Diseases at the University of Texas. “As long as we house patients together in a hospital or in a nursing home and we give a lot of them antibiotics we're going to have a problem with C. difficile,” they told Technology Review. Research into other methods to eliminate harmful bacteria are desired, even if it may take years before they replace today's antibiotics.
Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef they recruited from the country club they own in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at their rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing them of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told them fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at their Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges they were fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. They say Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Among other things, they say Pickens, who is white, instructed them to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one they referred to as their “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” They say they told them they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff they wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of their comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. They dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, they said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for ‘black people food' rather than a racial anima against ‘black people' or ‘black people food.'”
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before they hired them for a 5-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like ‘they do not fit the image,'” Williams said in court documents. They added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that they ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the ‘N-word,'” they wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animus.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect their work environment,” the judge said.
SALINAS, Calif. (AP) — A jury in Northern California convicted a 20-year-old man of torturing, starving and beating two children whose bodies were found in a storage unit.
The jury on Monday found Gustavo Curiel guilty in the 2015 killings of a 7-year-old boy and their 3-year-old sister. They also convicted them of torturing their older sister in their Salinas apartment, KSBW-TV reported.
Curiel's former girlfriend and the children's relative, Tami Huntsman, 42, pleaded guilty in February to two counts of murder. Huntsman had agreed to care for the three children after their mother was killed in a car accident and their father — who is related to Huntsman — was sent to prison.
An officer found the oldest child, then 9, with bruises and a broken collarbone in the backseat of a locked SUV in December 2015. Officials later located the tiny bodies of their siblings in plastic containers inside a storage unit in Redding, about 300 miles (483 kilometers) north of Salinas.
The child told investigators that Huntsman and Curiel killed their younger siblings on Thanksgiving after they were caught stealing a bagel. The girl, now 12, was the primary witness in Curiel's trial.
They told jurors they and their siblings were stripped naked, sprayed down with cold water, beaten with a shower head, and locked in a tiny bathroom for extended periods of time as punishment.
Curiel was a "sadistic" person who "enjoyed controlling and hurting children," Monterey County Assistant District Attorney Steve Somers said.
Curiel was a minor when the killings occurred. They were tried as an adult, but prosecutors were not able to seek the death penalty under California law. They and Huntsman were scheduled to be sentenced next week.
___
Information from: KSBW-TV.
(Noel St. John/The National Press Club via AP). In this Oct. 4, 2017 photo provided by The National Press Club shows, Emilio Gutierrez Soto. Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government on Monday...
By NOMAAN MERCHANT
Associated Press
HOUSTON (AP) - Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government on Monday to grant them asylum instead of deporting them to a country where they believe he'll be killed.
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles they wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused their name to end up on a hit list. Mexico is one of the world's most dangerous places for journalism, likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq. At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year.
After coming within hours of possible deportation, Gutierrez, 54, is now appealing that denial. The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger.
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca, Texas, Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists, though they did not make specific allegations.
"The biggest criminal organization is the government," Gutierrez said. "I'm afraid to take one step into Mexico."
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims. Over a five-year period ending in September 2016, the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000.
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists. But Eduardo Beckett, Gutierrez's lawyer, accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico, and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers.
"There is no more humanity," Beckett said. "The new tactic is, we'll pressure you, we'll keep you detained, in hopes you'll give up."
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year. After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility, reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding.
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists, with about 600 enrollees nationwide. But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year, and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them. Meanwhile, high-profile killings have continued, including the death of Javier Valdez, a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state.
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste, a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua. They said their problems began after they wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua, which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas.
After receiving what their advocates called veiled threats, Gutierrez discovered their name had been placed on a hit list. So they fled north with their teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008, seeking asylum.
They spent seven months in detention before their release in January 2009, while their application for asylum remained pending.
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso. Instead, they supported themselves by operating a food truck, Beckett said. Their son, now 24, works in a restaurant. But while in the United States, Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if they returned, they would end up like other journalists who were killed.
After nine years, a judge denied their asylum request in July, and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed their appeal in November.
Their advocates say they came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of their deportation.
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday. ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency's custody "pending disposition of their immigration case."
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @nomaanmerchant. Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: -http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ISLAMABAD — Pakistan opening batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for not co-operating with the Pakistan Cricket Board's anti-corruption tribunal in a match fixing fixing case.
“The charge levelled upon Nasir Jamshed by the PCB so far was simply one of a failure to co-operate,” PCB's legal advisor Taffazul Rizvi told reporters in the eastern city of Lahore on Monday.
Jamshed is the fifth Pakistani cricketer after Sharjeel Khan, Khalid Latif, Mohammad Irfan and Mohammad Nawaz to be fined and banned for violating several anti-corruption codes during the second edition of the Pakistan Super League this year.
The PCB had suspended Jamshed on Feb. 13 this year and they are now barred from all forms of the game until Feb. 13 next year.
Jamshed was arrested in the UK in February and was released on bail.
They appeared before the PCB's anti-corruption tribunal, via video link, in August this year from England. Prior to that, Jamshed failed to appear before PCB officials when they travelled to England to investigate the cricketer.
“No proof has been made public yet so that they (Jamshed) doesn't try to cover their tracks,” Rizvi said. “If they are innocent, then shouldn't they or their client have explained why their passport has been confiscated by the National Crime Agency in London? Why are they on bail over there?”
Jamshed's lawyer Hasan Waraich challenged Rizvi, saying the PCB had no proof against their client.
“My client has been defamed nationally and internationally, and the reputation of the country has been damaged by the PCB's actions,” they said.
“They kept saying they had multiple proofs against my client, and I challenged them to present those proofs to the media. They have consistently failed to do so.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester has been named the second best place to live in the North West by the Sunday Times after being dubbed 'a regional treasure'.
Our city's 'affluent suburbs, classy cocktail bars and independent restaurants like the Chef's Table' earned us the prestigious accolade, only being pipped to the post by Altrincham.
The Sunday Times Best Places to Live in Britain, which covers all the UK regions, named York as the overall best place to live in the UK.
Judges assess a wide range of factors, from jobs, schools and broadband speed to culture, community spirit and local shops, in order to compile the definitive best locations to live, and combine data with their own on-the-ground experience and insight.
It assesses a wide range of factors, from jobs, schools and broadband speed to culture, community spirit and local shops, in order to compile the definitive best locations to live.
(Image: Luke Neale Photography)
Helen Davies, The Sunday Times Home editor, said: “Choosing the right location to put down roots is one of the most important decisions you'll make which is why we're here to help – and what Best Places to Live in Britain is all about.
"We're very excited that it is a standalone magazine this year. There is much to celebrate, and Britain is scattered with thriving towns and villages, cool cities and suburbs, though people may be surprised how many traditional favourites haven't made the cut in 2018.”
Daniel Hegarty, founder and CEO of online mortgage broker Habito, said: “The North West of England has now replaced London as the fastest-growing property market in the UK. While the Best Places to Live looks beyond house prices, we know that the process of getting a mortgage means that finding a dream home can be a nightmare.
"Whether you are considering using Government schemes to buy for the first time, or are looking to remortgage ahead of the Bank of England's next interest rate rise, using a broker can help your chances and make the process as smooth as possible.
"With an estimated 1 in 4 people overpaying on their mortgage by £4,100 every year, even those homeowners lucky enough to be living in Altrincham or Chester could potentially benefit from checking how much they could save," they added.
The Sunday Times' Best Places to Live in the North West
Altrincham
Chester
The Heatons, Cheshire
Heswall, Wirral
Kirkby Lonsdale
Knutsford
Georgian Quarter, Liverpool
Castlefield, Manchester
Chorlton-cum-Hardy
Ramsbottom, Lancashire
Ribble Valley
Saddleworth
Average house prices and rental costs in the North West
Gold prices marked a fourth straight gain Monday to hold ground at their highest finish since early November. Tensions between the U.S. and North Korea weighed on the dollar, supporting prices for the precious metal, which is traded in the greenback. June gold rose $3.40, or 0.3%, to settle at $1,291.90 an ounce.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
Kate Upton slipped into a schoolgirl getup to sing Britney Spears' 1998 debut hit single “…Baby One More Time” on Spike's “Lip Sync Battle.”
[embedded content]
KATE UPTON SEXIEST SI COVER MODEL?
The 24-year-old Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Rookie of the Year is expected to battle it out against entertainer Ricky Martin on Thursday in the hit reality TV series and a sneak peek of the upcoming episode shows she's setting the bar high.
Upton is spotted wearing the infamous schoolgirl outfit while they slither across the stage to Spears' iconic hit. Even co-host and fellow swimsuit Rookie Chrissy Teigen appeared shocked by Upton's daring moves.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The upcoming episode is scheduled to air this Thursday at 10 p.m. on Spike.
Violet Brown spent much of their life cutting sugarcane in the fields around their home in western Jamaica. They attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken, and celebrated their 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, they are believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press they are surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it, long life,” Brown said.
Brown is considered the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people.
TheaterWorks, Hartford: Playwright Jacques Lamarre must have an appetite for memoirs featuring food. Several years ago their play “I Loved, I Lost, I Made Spaghetti” was their adaptation of a memoir of the same name and played the theater circuit for a good run. It featured a woman cooking a meal on stage and serving it to several audience members. Now they have adapted Chef Rossi's memoir, “Raging Skillet.” Rossi is the owner and executive chef of “The Raging Skillet,” a well known catering company that prides itself in unique and tasty offerings. This play is based on Rossi's book and also features a woman cooking on stage. The difference is the ethnicity of the cooks. In “Spaghetti,” the main character is Italian Catholic woman looking for a husband and in “Skillet,” the chef extraordinaire is a Jewish lesbian feminist.
There are two other characters in addition to the chef in the current production. The chef's dead Jewish mother comes back from the grave to witness their daughter's success and to criticize their daughter in a stereotypical Jewish mother guilt laying fashion. The chef's mom is also a hound for coupons and a lousy cook. The awful food was the motivation for their rebellious daughter to learn how to cook. Rossi's first big hit was a Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole.
Throughout the performance, the chef talks about some of the dishes they have made that led to their success. For instance, they describe their Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole, which they recreate on stage. “Once you mix, then scrape the goop into your buttered pan and smush till it's all in.” They demonstrate and when the batch is made, they have their sous-chef pass some samples around to the audience. The actor playing Rossi also creates mini tomato and mozzarella skewers and pulled and barbecued chicken on a Ritz cracker. These are passed around to some audience members.
As they narrate the horrible, but hilarious scenes from the story of their rise to fame, their mother keeps interrupting. Rossi talks back and seems rather cruel to their mother at times. Them hard edge gets softer at the end, when they flip through the pages of their mother's scrapbook and realizes what a special woman their mom really was.
The funniest parts of the show are when Rossi tells of their job as a day bartender; as an assistant to a chef where they had to dip 3,000 strawberries into chocolate, and finally as their own boss they cater an event celebrating the play “The Vagina Monologues.” Them vivid descriptions of their creations for this event could make a sailor blush.
By the way, large projections of chapter titles in Rossi's books flank the stage and a large display of their books are on the edge of the stage and for sale immediately after the play. Throughout the show, you'll hear loud pulsating rock music blasting through the theater. The music makes the show more exciting and emphasizes what a cool and rebellious young woman this chef was.
As for the language of the play, in every playbill, you will find “A Goy's Glossary” of Jewish terms. And, if you thought you knew all the swear words that could be uttered, see this play and you might learn some new ones. In other words, this is a warning. If you object to foul language cross this show off your list.
Directed by John Simpkins, the cast performs well. Dana Smith-Croll plays Rossi and is definitely a sassy “b..ch.” Marilyn Sokol plays the stereotypical Jewish mom, and George Salazar plays DJ Skillit – assistant and sous-chef.
The effective and functional set designer is Michael Schweikardt. Blair Gulledge designed costumes, with John Lasiter and Julian Evans designers of lighting and sound respectively.
Knowing the fun-loving and witty playwright, I can honestly say that this is not their best work.
The play runs through Aug. 27. Box office: 860-527-7838.
CHICAGO — Jessica Lindstrom scored 14 points with 12 rebounds and five assists to propel No. 23 Green Bay to a 76-39 victory over Loyola-Chicago on Sunday.
Frankie Wurtz came off the bench to score 16 with five rebounds and Karly Murphy added 14 points on 7-of-10 shooting from the floor for the Phoenix (8-1), who won their third straight game.
Green Bay continued to play stifling defence. The Phoenix, who came in allowing just 47.8 points per game — tops in the nation — held the Ramblers (1-8) to 25.5 per cent shooting (13 of 51) from the floor, including 4 of 28 (14 per cent) from 3-point range.
Green Bay dominated the boards 44-26 and has won the rebound battle in all nine games this season.
The Phoenix gained the upper hand early. Lindstrom hit back-to-back 3-pointers to spark a 17-0 run that turned a two-point lead into a 23-4 advantage at the end of the first quarter. The Ramblers never threatened from there.
Jessica Cerda led Loyola-Chicago with 13 points.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A statue of a Spitfire is set to be erected on the site of the former Croydon Airport to mark 100 years of the Royal Air Force (RAF).
Sutton Council has put out a tender call for a company to create a design for a memorial, to be sited on the Roundshaw Estate, the site of the former airport.
The airport was once the UK's major international airport but became a military airfield in the Second World War with Spitfire Squadron 92 based there permanently.
A description on the tender portal says: “Many residents are aware that the estate rests on part of the original site of what was Croydon Airport and a military airfield.
“The FRA (Flightpath Residents' Association) and the Beddington and Wallington Local Committee are very aware of this history and wish to commemorate the amazing feats and sacrifices of those many brave souls by commissioning a memorial inspired by the Spitfire.”
The memorial would be built in the centre of the estate in Spitfire Road.
“The Royal Air Force is celebrating its 100-year anniversary in 2018 and we believe it appropriate to honour the Squadron during this auspicious time if the design and manufacture timescale allows,” the description adds.
The council wants prospective designers to submit scale drawings which include the materials that would be used.
The "expression of interest" window is open until Tuesday, June 5 with more details available at www.londontenders.org
Funds raised are for the betterment of the farm, volunteers say
Volunteers at Sunnybrook Farm Museum have been working hard for the spring home-made pie sale running March 20th-21st.
“I would say our most popular pies are anything to do with rhubarb — rhubarb-Saskatoon, rhubarb-strawberry, quite often we have rhubarb-raspberry, if those berries are available,” said Myrna Schmidt, volunteer pie sale organizer.
About 20 of the ‘Ladies of Sunnybrook Farm', as the volunteers call themselves, meet at the farm to make the pies together. The pies are frozen and then people can take them home to bake them fresh.
“We have a lot of fun,” Schmidt said.
“Most of us are seniors, we've retired and we're looking for ways to give back to the community and also to just get together with a great group of gals,” they said.
Schmidt added that there are also great guys among the volunteer group, but they don't help with making the pies, just eating them.
All proceeds from the pie sale go towards the upkeep of the Sunnybrook Farm Museum.
This fundraiser is held in anticipation of the Museum's first event in May, ‘Spring on the Farm' when they open to the public.
Sunnybrook is open for visitors all summer, by donation.
Kids can to come out and pet the barnyard animals, check out the historic farm and old Hanna House.
They have also recently finished renovating the Calder School, which was brought from Innisfail to save it from being torn down.
The farm was originally donated by the Bower family and kept active for the public to enjoy a living history of Red Deer right in the City.
“The museum is basically all run on donations and fundraising,” Schmidt said.
The spring pie sale does not typically do as well as the one in the fall, before thanksgiving and Christmas. At last year's spring pie sale, they sold around 230 pies as opposed to the fall sale where they sold 409 pies and 157 boxes of tarts within the first day.
“Everything is for the betterment of the Farm to keep it up and viable and running,” Schmidt said.
All are in good health and are getting food and medicine delivered to the cave thanks to Thai navy SEALS, medics and divers. But those working to save them cannot say yet when or how, exactly, the boys and their coach will be extracted.
Having lived through a similar ordeal, Reygadas had a message for the boys.
"They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families."
"They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families," Reygadas told the Associated Press on Tuesday, adding that their coach will be key to keeping them motivated.
The boys, who are ages 11 through 16, have to help each other, they said.
"It's terrible for them — they're little — but I believe that boys with a lot of strength are going to manage to be whole when they get out," Reygadas said.
They recalled times when they and their fellow miners doubted they would be rescued. Faith, prayer and humor kept them sane, they said.
"They shouldn't be ashamed to be scared," they said of the boys. "Because we were scared, too. Our tears also ran. Even as adult men, we cried."
The miners, who were trapped below Chile's Atacama desert, eventually were saved when a specially built capsule was lowered down a drilled shaft and raised them to the surface one by one.
In the case of the Thai soccer team, a rescue is a race against time.
Thai SEALS posted on Wednesday morning photos on Facebook of rescuers working in chest-deep water in the cave, adding that they are pumping water as "fast as possible" as they prep to bring out the stranded group, Reuters reported.
And monsoon rains, due to hit in the coming days, could push water levels dangerously higher.
The boys do not know how to swim. Thai officials, while eager to pull them out, say they do not want to risk further endangering the team by rushing an evacuation.
"We need to be 100 percent confident," Narongsak Osatanakorn, the province's governor, said. "If there is a risk, we will not move them out."
Despite their ordeal, the boys seem to be in good spirits.
In the videos released on Wednesday morning by the navy SEALS, the boys, many wrapped in foil blankets, introduce themselves by name and say that they are in good health. A SEAL is seen treating minor cuts on the boys' feet in them. Several boys are laughing as the SEALs joke around with them.
The boys and their coach disappeared after they went exploring the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game on June 23. Heavy rains flooded the cave, trapping them. They were found by rescue divers Monday night.
THE cleaner taken hostage by the Liege gunman was last night (Wednesday) hailed a hero after they convinced the suspected terrorist to spare the lives of pupils at the school where they took refuge after they had killed two police officers and a bystander in the heart of the Belgian city.
The 47-year-old, named only as Darifa, told the killer, who was brandishing two pistols, that they were a Muslim and that they should not be in the courtyard of the Lycee de Waha high school as there were children present.
Benjamin Herman, 31, told her, “you are right” before shouting “Allahu akbar” and charging police outside, firing their weapons.
Herman, who was on a two-day release from prison despite being on a watch list for radicalised prisoners, was taken down in a hail of bullets by elite officers, four of whom were wounded in the process.
They were also suspected of bludgeoning a former cellmate to death with a hammer the night before the attack.
Yesterday Darifa told RTL, a television news channel: “I quickly closed the doors that give access to the school and the stairs leading to the classrooms. Once I did that, I turned around and saw this man in front of me. I did not have time to go hide”.
After confirming to them that they were a Muslim who observed Ramadan, Herman said they would not harm them
The gunman, who had spent the past 15 years mostly in prison, had just “hunted down” two officers, women aged 44 and 53, before attacking them from behind with a knife and killing them with their own guns on Tuesday.
One was named in local media as Soraya Belkacemi, 44, a widowed mother of twins. The other was Lucile Garcia, 53, described by fellow officers as a “fantastic colleague”, who had been married just one month. Herman, a Belgian national and drug addict, then shot dead 22-year-old Cyril Vangriecken, who was in their car, before entering the school, where, despite being in tears, Darifa confronted them when they fired shots into the school doors.
Belgian prosecutors last night confirmed they had opened a terrorism investigation into the killings as they matched the modus operandi of Islamic State-inspired attacks.
Describing the killings as “terrorist murder”, Wenke Roggen, a federal magistrate, said their investigation centred on whether the attacker acted alone. A separate investigation was running into whether Herman killed Michael Wilmot, 29, on Monday.
There is speculation in local media that their killing in the town of On, in southern Belgium, may be linked to a burglary at a jeweller's in Herman's home town of Rochefort.
Despite being judged “ultra violent” by prison service authorities, Herman was granted a two-day release from prison. The repeat offender had already had 13 two-day breaks from prison as part of their rehabilitation, without incident, said Koen Geens, Belgium's justice minister, who admitted they would have to “examine their conscience” over their fatal decision to grant Herman their final two-day release.
CHICAGO, IL (WAVE) - A Chicago judge has granted a petition to preserve evidence in the case of an Elizabethtown doctor being forcefully removed from a United Airlines flight.
Dr. David Dao was was seen on video being dragged from their seat on flight 3411 on April 9 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport.
Dao's attorney, Thomas Demetrio, filed an Emergency Bill of Discovery two days later to request the preservation of the following items:
Surveillance video of passengers boarding United Airlines flight 3411 on April 9
Cockpit voice recording for Unite flight 3411
Complete passenger list for United flight 3411
Complete employee and crew list for United flight 3411
United Airlines protocol for removal of passengers from commercial aircraft
Personnel files of the Aviation Department police who removed Dao from the aircraft
Judge Sanjay Taylor granted the bill on April 17 after all parties agreed to the terms.
RELATED ARTICLES
+ Attorneys for doctor removed from United flight seek to preserve evidence
+ Dr. David Dao released from hospital following United Airlines clash
+ Louisville teacher aboard United flight 3411 says incident was 'unbelievable'
+ 2 more officers on leave after doctor yanked from United flight
+ United to refund ticket cost to Flight 3411 passengers
+ Passenger removed from flight ID'd as KY doctor with troubled past
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
BB Naija: Rita Dominic Reacts To Comedian AY And Helen Paul's Joke About Tboss, Kemen Sexual Assault
Following the sexual assault case against Kemen, a contestant in the Big Brother Naija competition which led to their disqualification and eviction, there have been several reactions in the media. Recall that Kemen had apologized to Tboss and their fans for the sexual assault case against him. Coming after the competition ended, comedian Ay Makun…
The post BB Naija: Rita Dominic Reacts To Comedian AY And Helen Paul's Joke About Tboss, Kemen Sexual Assault appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dispatch # Agency Dispatch Date Call Type Location Incident Report #
201732717 GRPD 6/13/2017 6:20 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732719 GRPD 6/13/2017 6:52 PROPERTY DAMAGE LOW PRIORITY COMMERCE DR, GREEN RIVER 201706000063
Officers responded to a report of accidental damage to the window of a police vehicle.
201732723 GRPD 6/13/2017 7:19 SUSPICIOUS LOW PRIORITY E 2ND ST N, GREEN RIVER
Officers responded to a report of a suspicious person in an alley behind a residence. Officers contacted the
resident, who advised the individual had permission to be at the address.
201732727 GRPD 6/13/2017 7:48 SUSPICIOUS LOW PRIORITY MONROE AVE, GREEN RIVER
Officers met with a resident, in reference to a report of a vehicle parking in front of their residence the past
two days.
201732737 GRPD 6/13/2017 8:51 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732742 GRPD 6/13/2017 9:03 ESCORT
201732745 GRPD 6/13/2017 9:22 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732756 RSPD 6/13/2017 10:10 DRILL SAGE ST, ROCK SPRINGS
201732761 SCSO 6/13/2017 10:24 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732772 GRPD 6/13/2017 11:05 FIRE ALARM 350 MONROE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732780 GRPD 6/13/2017 11:40 ANIMAL CALLS KEITH DR, GREEN RIVER
Animal Control Officers received a call of a dog at large. The dog was later contained and the owner of the dog
was contacted.
201732785 GRPD 6/13/2017 11:57 ABANDONED VEHICLE EDGEWATER PARK 201706000064
Officers checked on a possible abandoned vehicle. The owner of the vehicle was contacted and advised they
would move the vehicle.
201732789 GRPD 6/13/2017 12:10 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732794 GRPD 6/13/2017 12:59 TRAFFIC STOP UPLAND WAY&COMMERCE DR, GREEN RIVER
201732801 GRPD 6/13/2017 13:14 PROPERTY DAMAGE LOW PRIORITY E 2ND ST S&UINTA DR, GREEN RIVER 201706000065
Officers received a report of a damaged street light.
201732802 GRPD 6/13/2017 13:17 REDDI REPORT E 2ND ST S&UINTA DR, GREEN RIVER
Officers attempted to locate a vehicle described in a REDDI report.
201732804 GRPD 6/13/2017 13:23 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732805 GRPD 6/13/2017 13:25 WARRANT 140 COMMERCE DR APT A, GREEN RIVER 201706000066
Officers responded to the Adult Green River Probation and Parole Office, in reference to a report of an
individual with a warrant. At the office, officers contacted Thomas Applegate, age 57 of Rock Springs, who was
arrested per an active Sublette County Warrant for a probation violation.
201732815 GRPD 6/13/2017 13:45 ACCIDENTS LOW PRIORITY 905 BRIDGER DR, GREEN RIVER 201706000067
Officers responded to a report of a two vehicle collision. It was reported a semi truck trailer attempted to
pull into a loading dock and the trailer struck a trailer attached to a parked and unoccupied semi truck. No
injuries were reported, officers completed a report regarding the incident.
201732832 GRPD 6/13/2017 14:46 TRAFFIC STOP N CENTER&W FLAMING GORGE
201732835 GRPD 6/13/2017 14:54 TRAFFIC STOP S 5TH E&E 2ND S, GREEN RIVER
Traffic citation issued for a vehicle registration violation.
201732837 GRPD 6/13/2017 14:59 ACCIDENTS LOW PRIORITY W TETON BLVD&SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER 201706000069
Officers responded to a report an individual was injured after exiting a moving vehicle. It was reported a vehicle
was eastbound on Shoshone Avenue and stopped at the intersection with West Teton Boulevard. The vehicle
turned south onto West Teton Boulevard, when a passenger in the vehicle exited the moving vehicle following
a verbal argument with the driver. The individual who exited the vehicle was checked on scene by Castle
Rock Ambulance Service, was transported to the hospital for further evaluation and was later released.
201732838 GRPD 6/13/2017 15:12 FIELD CONTACT 59 UINTA DR, GREEN RIVER
Officers checked on two transients outside a business.
201732849 GRPD 6/13/2017 16:06 ESCORT
201732852 GRPD 6/13/2017 16:33 FOLLOW UP W TETON BLVD, GREEN RIVER
201732853 GRPD 6/13/2017 16:48 FOLLOW-UP MONROE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732856 GRPD 6/13/2017 17:17 MEDICAL SERVICE
Officers assisted Castle Rock Ambulance Service on a medical call.
201732863 GRPD 6/13/2017 18:09 TRAFFIC STOP MONROE AVE&UINTA DR, GREEN RIVER
Traffic warning for a stop sign violation.
201732869 RSPD 6/13/2017 20:06 ANIMAL CALLS COLLEGE DR, ROCK SPRINGS
201732872 GRPD 6/13/2017 20:41 DOMESTIC VIOLENCE HIGH PRIORIT 201706000070
Adam Robles, age 51 of Green River, was arrested for domestic assault.
201732880 GRPD 6/13/2017 21:40 ANIMAL CALLS BRIDGER DR, GREEN RIVER 201706000071
Officers received a report of a dog at large. The owners of the dog were contacted and given a warning.
201732883 GRPD 6/13/2017 21:53 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732884 GRPD 6/13/2017 21:56 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732885 GRPD 6/13/2017 21:58 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732886 GRPD 6/13/2017 22:07 REDDI REPORT 59 UINTA DR, GREEN RIVER
201732897 GRPD 6/13/2017 23:00 ATLS OF ANY KIND 5 SHOSHONE AVE, GREEN RIVER
201732914 GRPD 6/14/2017 1:08 ALCOHOL 59 UINTA DR, GREEN RIVER 201706000072
Steven Smith, age 26 of Green River, was arrested for public intoxication and shoplifting.
201732920 GRPD 6/14/2017 2:33 FOLLOW UP 59 UINTA DR, GREEN RIVER
201732923 GRPD 6/14/2017 3:23 SUSPICIOUS LOW PRIORITY CROSSBOW DR, GREEN RIVER
Officers responded to a report of a suspicious vehicle parked by the reporting party's residence. Officers
Understand the brain's workings by analyzing cerebral slices. Use 3D heart models to develop better treatments, while lowering reliance on animal experiments. Study how dark matter will form when Andromeda galaxy and Milky Way collide.
These are just a few of the challenges researchers are tackling using supercomputers, AI and big data.
GPUs are at the center of this work. Find out how at NVIDIA's booth at the International Supercomputing Conference, in Frankfurt, June 19-22.
Some ISC 2017 highlights:
Experience the NVIDIA Tesla Accelerated Computing platform, the most pervasive and accessible HPC platform. See our new HPC products and technologies and talk with NVIDIA experts.
Check out the new NVIDIA DGX portfolio, based on our new Volta architecture, which provides the fastest path to deep learning.
Listen to the Featured Evening Talks from top speakers like Thomas Schulthess, of the Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, and Dirk Pleiter, of the Juelich Research Centre.
Attend the dedicated deep learning day on June 21, with speakers from Fraunhofer, DFKI, IBM Research, NVIDIA and others.
Learn at Deep Learning Institute sessions, sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise, on June 21, at the Mövenpick Hotel
And don't miss the opening keynote from Microsoft Research's Jennifer Tour Chayes on how massive datasets in networks can be used for collaborative filtering or drug development.
Read the entire article here, Deep Learning Meets HPC at ISC 2017
via the fine folks at NVIDIA.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
ATHENS, Greece — They dreamed of better lives in the West — and their journeys ended in an unlikely spot: a makeshift tent city built on a baseball field where Olympians once roamed.
When the asylum-seekers and refugees came to Greece in their thousands in 2015, the Athens Summer Games were a distant memory. Some 11 years after the country hosted the games at an estimated cost of $11 billion, many of the venues had been abandoned. Many still remain derelict.
But as Greece struggled to cope with the numbers of people arriving on its shores and crossing its border with Turkey, it built a camp for migrants inside the former Olympic baseball stadium.
The asylum-seekers lived on the field where Yuli Gurriel, now with the Houston Astros, and Nick Markakis, who later won two Gold Gloves and is now an outfielder with the Atlanta Braves, competed for Olympic medals in 2004.
Before being shut down last year, the camp was home to as many as 5,000 people.
A woman carries their baby at the former Olympic baseball complex in Athens, which was used as a shelter for refugees and migrants. Michalis Karagiannis / Reuters file
The Olympic complex turned refugee camp in the Athens suburb of Elliniko was by no means a pleasant place, and, in one way or another, most of its former residents remain in limbo. Here are some of their stories:
Rock bottom
“Living in Elliniko was not like living,” said Samiullah Barez, 27, who fled the Afghan city of Mazar-i-Sharif in late 2015. Barez says they had been threatened by the Taliban.
“I wanted to work for the government and I was drinking alcohol at a few parties,” the former law student said, explaining how their run-ins with the Taliban started. Their best friend being killed in a bombing was the last straw. They left the country.
Samiullah Barez. Anna Pantelia / for NBC News
But on arriving in Greece they were shocked by the conditions asylum-seekers were forced to live in.
In Elliniko, the former law student had to share a tent with seven other single men, a fact they chose not to share with their parents. “In Afghanistan we have lots of poor people but they didn't live in tents,” they said.
Even as a strapping young man, Barez felt unsafe. “There were crazy people, mad people. Some were praying, some were dancing, some were pregnant, some were drinking. It was a very dangerous and strange life.”
Yuli Gurriel, who now plays for the Houston Astros, helped Cuba win an Olympic gold medal at the 2004 Athens Summer Games. Bob Levey / Getty Images
Knife crime was prevalent, and on one occasion, they said, there were eight fights in one night.
But worst of all, Barez said they struggled with boredom.
They formed a volleyball team to help cope. “We were 10 guys, we would exercise together and organize matches in the camp. It was my love,” they said.
When Elliniko closed in June 2017, Barez was taken to an official camp north of Athens. Here they started learning Greek, and eventually the U.N. helped them find a home.
They work as a tailor, a skill they learnt in Afghanistan, while teaching the craft on the side. At 3.52 euros ($4.33) an hour, their pay is below the Greek national living wage.
Barez now lives with five other single men in a three-bedroom apartment in Athens. The building is charming, with a sweeping marble staircase and rickety old elevator. The apartment itself has simple rooms with high ceilings, while in the foyer there is a yellow parakeet in a matching cage.
Cuba celebrates its 6-2 win over Australia in the gold-medal game during the Athens 2004 Summer Olympics. Arko Datta / Reuters file
Barez says they are happy. “Now I have a good life here,” they said. “I have many friends.”
While they even had a Greek girlfriend last year, Barez says they still do not feel entirely integrated.
“Greek people don't trust people very easily,” they said. “I still belong to the refugees. … I want to have friends that trust me.”
Born in a tent
Fatima Mohammadi, 22, has only bad memories from their time living in the Elliniko camp.
An Afghan native, they went into labor while living in a tent that had been pitched on the field in the baseball stadium.
When their daughter was born, the doctors said they were too unwell to leave the hospital. The newborn was kept under observation for almost a month.
Apr 24, 2018
The US Trade Representative appears to have made an ironclad case against China in the so-called Section 301 report issued on March 22. But the report – now widely viewed as evidence justifying the Trump administration's recent tariffs and other punitive measures against China – is wide of the mark in several key areas.
NEW HAVEN – On the surface, United States Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer appears to have made an ironclad case against China in the so-called Section 301 report issued on March 22. Laid out in a detailed 182-page document (which, with 1,139 footnotes and five appendices, would make any legal team blush with pride), the USTR's indictment of China on charges of unfair trading practices regarding technology transfer, intellectual property, and innovation seems both urgent and compelling. It has quickly been accepted as foundational evidence in support of the tariffs and other punitive trade measures that President Donald Trump's administration has initiated against China in recent months. It is powerful ammunition in a potential trade war.
Exclusive insights. Every week. For less than $1. Learn More
But don't be fooled. The report is wide of the mark in several key areas. First, it accuses China of “forced technology transfer,” arguing that US companies must turn over the blueprints of proprietary technologies and operating systems in order to do business in China. This transfer is alleged to take place within the structure of joint-venture arrangements – partnerships with domestic counterparts which China and other countries have long established as models for the growth and expansion of new businesses. Currently, there are more than 8,000 JVs operating in China, compared to a total of over 110,000 JVs and strategic alliances that have been set up around the world since 1990.
Significantly, US and other multinational corporations willingly enter into these legally-negotiated arrangements for commercially sound reasons – not only to establish a toehold in China's rapidly growing domestic markets, but also as a means to improve operating efficiency with a low-cost offshore Chinese platform. Portraying US companies as innocent victims of Chinese pressure is certainly at odds with my own experience as an active participant in Morgan Stanley's joint venture with the China Construction Bank (and a few small minority investors) to establish China International Capital Corporation in 1995.
Yes, as we joined with our partners in creating China's first investment bank, we shared our business practices, proprietary products, and distribution systems. Yet, contrary to the assertions of the USTR, we were hardly forced into these arrangements. We had our own commercial objectives and wanted to build a world-class financial services firm in China. By the time we sold our stake in 2010 – at a rather attractive return to Morgan Stanley shareholders, I might add – CICC was well on its way to attaining those goals.
The second area where the USTR's Section 301 report is problematic is its portrayal of China's focus on outward investment – its “ going out ” strategy – as a unique state-directed plan aimed at gobbling up newly emerging US companies and their proprietary technologies. In fact, the report devotes more than twice as many pages to charges concerning China's supposed external technology theft via such acquisitions – which are framed as a blatant grab for America's most precious assets – as it does to internal transfers through JVs and alleged unfair licensing practices.
As such, the Made in China 2025 campaign is presented as prima facie evidence of a devious socialist plot to attain global dominance in the great industries of the future: autonomous vehicles, high-speed rail, advanced information technologies and machine tools, exotic new materials, biopharma and sophisticated medical products, as well as new power sources and advanced agricultural equipment.
Never mind that industrial policies are a time-tested strategy for developing countries seeking to avoid the dreaded middle-income trap by shifting from imported to indigenous innovation. China is accused by the USTR of sponsoring a unique strain of state-directed, heavily subsidized industrial policy unfairly aimed at snatching competitive supremacy from free and open market-based systems like the US, which are supposedly playing by different rules.
Yet even developed countries have relied on industrial policy to achieve national economic and competitive objectives. It was central to Japan's so-called planned rational development state, which underpinned its rapid growth in the 1970s and the 1980s. The Ministry of International Trade and Industry perfected the art of state-subsidized credit allocation and tariffs to protect Japan's sunrise industries, an effort that was matched by Germany's equally impressive Wirtschaftswunder, augmented by strong support for the Mittelstand of small and medium-size enterprises.
And, of course, it was US President Dwight Eisenhower who in 1961 drew attention to America's powerful military-industrial complex as the linchpin of state-sponsored, taxpayer-funded innovation in the US. NASA-related spinoffs, the Internet, GPS, breakthroughs in semiconductors, nuclear power, imaging technology, pharmaceutical innovations, and more: all are important and highly visible manifestations of industrial policy the American way. The US simply does it though its federal defense budget – where outlays of close to $700 billion this year is more than the combined total earmarked for defense in China, Russia, the United Kingdom, India, France, Japan, Saudi Arabia, and Germany.
Yes, the USTR is entirely correct in underscoring the role that innovation plays in shaping any country's future. But to claim that China alone relies on industrial policy as a means toward this end is the height of hypocrisy.
Cyber-espionage is the third leg of the stool in the USTR's case against China. In this area, there can be no mistaking the evidence underscoring the role played by China's People's Liberation Army as a major actor in cyber intrusions directed at US commercial interests. These problems were, in fact, so serious that President Barack Obama presented top-secret evidence of state-sponsored computer hacking to President Xi in September 2015. Since then, most reports point to a reduction in Chinese incursions. Unfortunately, the evidence cited in the USTR report in support of cyber-related trade violations largely predates that confrontation.
In short, the USTR's seemingly impressive Section 301 report is a biased political document that has further inflamed anti-China sentiment in the US. As a result, Chinese-sponsored intellectual property theft is now taken as a given by an America that increasingly sees itself as a victim. Yes, like the rest of us, the Chinese are tough competitors, and they don't always play by the rules. For that, they need to be held accountable. But the case made by the USTR is an embarrassing symptom of a scapegoat mentality that has turned America into a nation of whiners.
Cambridge Analytica founder Alexander Nix may have misled members of a U.K. parliamentary inquiry over their company's use of data gathered from millions of unsuspecting Facebook users and its contact with Russia, according to NBC News' U.K. partner ITN Channel 4 News.
On Saturday, ITN Channel 4 News reported that Cambridge Analytica, a company that profiled voters for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, used private information taken from more than 50 million Facebook profiles to influence voters and help Steve Bannon wage a “culture war.” Bannon served as chief executive of the Trump campaign.
Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix speaks during the Web Summit, Europe's biggest tech conference, in Lisbon, Portugal on Nov. 9, 2017. Pedro Nunes / Reuters file
According to Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie, Cambridge University academic Aleksandr Kogan operated a company known as Global Science Research (GSR), which obtained Facebook data via an application that paid users to take a survey. If the individual did not adjust their privacy settings, the app captured the user's profile information as well as their friends and contacts' data.
Wiley helped found the company and served as their director of research until 2014.
Related: Cambridge Analytica harvested data from millions of unsuspecting Facebook users
Nix, whose company is currently the focus of a probe into data and politics by the British Information Commissioner's Office, told a U.K. parliament inquiry on fake news on Feb. 27 that their company had a relationship with Global Science Research in 2014. They claimed at the time, however, that Cambridge Analytica did not use the data because it “proved to be fruitless.”
ITN Channel 4 News obtained an email that Nix sent to Kogan that appears to contradict that claim.
“...Really pleased that despite the challenges and hiccups along the way we were able to forge ahead with the [Facebook] harvesting and modelling and we are working with the data in many different ways now,” the email said. “I think we can all be proud of the work completed thus far, and we are getting very positive feedback from clients.”
Nix also told Parliament that their company had “never worked in Russia as far as I'm aware.” They denied having ever knowingly worked with a Russian company or Russian organization.
“We don't have any relationship with Russia or Russian individuals,” they said at the time.
A Cambridge Analytica document shown to ITN Channel 4 News also appears to contradict their statement. On the document, SCL Global Clients — the parent company of Cambridge Analytica — highlights Russia on its client map.
NBC News' U.K. partner was shown a slide presentation on electoral tactics that was allegedly shared with Lukoil, a Russian energy company.
Cambridge Analytica maintained that they had no contact with Russians as recently as two days ago after ITN Channel 4 News inquired, and the data company also denied on Sunday that Nix had misled Parliament.
Kogan, meanwhile, said they had the right to use the data for commercial purposes and did nothing wrong, according to ITN Channel 4 News.
Related: Trump Campaign Pays Millions to Overseas Big Data Firm
Wylie said that Kogan did not earn any money from sharing the data with Cambridge Analytica.
MP Damian Collins, who chairs the Digital, Culture, Media and Sports Committee in parliament, responded to the new allegations against Nix on Sunday.
“It seems clear that [Nix] has deliberately misled the Committee and Parliament by giving false statements, Collins said. “We will be contacting Alexander Nix next week asking them to explain their comments, and answer further questions relating to the links between GSR and Cambridge Analytica, and its associate companies.”
The new information reported on Saturday by ITN Channel 4 News, the New York Times and the Observer of London also drew a response in the United States, where Cambridge Analytica's data was used by the Trump campaign during the 2016 election — though the company claims none of the information used came from GSR's Facebook harvesting.
“This raises serious questions about the level of detail that Cambridge Analytica knew about users, whether it acquired that information illegally and whether it sought to abuse that information in support of President Trump's political campaign in the United States or Brexit in the United Kingdom,” said Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee.
Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, Kogan and Wylie from using the social media service.
Isiaka Adeleke's brother clinches PDP ticket for Osun West by-election
DR ADEMOLA Adeleke has emerged the flag bearer for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the July 8 by-election in the Osun West senatorial district. Adeleke clinched the ticket after other aspirants in the race unanimously stepped down for him. A former senator, Sunkanmi Akinlabi and a retired Army Officer, Colonel Olayiwola Falabi who are […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FORT COLLINS, Colo. (AP) - Colorado State placed basketball coach Larry Eustachy on administrative leave Saturday while the school assesses the program, a decision that again raises questions about their conduct.
Athletic director Joe Parker said they "asked" the coach to "temporarily step away" while the university gets a better understanding of the "climate" surrounding the team.
Assistant Steve Barnes will coach Saturday's game against Nevada and "until the assessment is complete." Eustachy is under contract through the 2020-21 season.
"We are diligently working through this assessment as expeditiously as possible, understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process," Parker said in a statement. "No conclusions have been made."
On Wednesday, Parker said the school was evaluating the team by talking to students and staff associated with men's basketball. Parker offered no further information. That came after an online report by former Rocky Mountain Collegian sports editor Justin Michael who said Parker was interviewing players about Eustachy's conduct.
Eustachy coached later Wednesday night, with the Rams losing 91-86 to Wyoming in double overtime.
It was reported last year that the university looked into Eustachy's conduct in 2013-14, finding that they created an atmosphere of "fear and intimidation" among players. In documents obtained by the Coloradoan and posted online a year ago, Eustachy acknowledged they "crossed the line" when asked about the atmosphere within the program by former athletic director Jack Graham. The documents also said the coach called players derogatory names, threw chairs, soda cans and erasers, along with punching a whiteboard.
Graham wrote to Eustachy in March 2014, saying the "behaviors we discussed shall not occur again or the university will terminate its contract with you for just cause."
The 62-year-old Eustachy is in their sixth year with Colorado State. The short-handed Rams entered the day 10-14 - dropping five in a row - with a 7-5 mark at Moby Arena. Entering this season, Eustachy's squads have won 80 percent of their games in Fort Collins.
Before their arrival at Colorado State, Eustachy went 61-33 in three seasons with Idaho, and then 98-52 in five seasons at Utah State. They may be best known for their time at Iowa State. Their best season for the Cyclones was 1999-2000, when Eustachy had Jamaal Tinsley and Marcus Fizer and the team went 32-5 record, reaching the final eight of the NCAA field. For that, Eustachy was named AP coach of the year.
They resigned from Iowa State in 2003 after photos of them partying with students surfaced. Soon after, Eustachy went into alcohol rehab.
Following a year away from basketball, they were given another opportunity at Southern Mississippi, where they steadily built the program into a contender. They turned in four 20-win seasons with the Golden Eagles and led them into the NCAA Tournament in 2011-12.
They were introduced as Colorado State's coach in April 2012. The Rams went 26-9 their first season and made it to the NCAA Tournament.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Singer John Legend says they and their wife and supermodel Chrissy Teigen have arguments like any other couple.
Legend, who has one-year-old daughter Luna with Teigen, says they fight about punctuality and overuse of electronic devices, reports femalefirst.co.uk.
“Chrissy and I bicker about the normal things like, ‘When will you be home from work?' I also look at my phone too much… Twitter, Instagram, texting. They occasionally tell me off for that,” Teigen told Cosmopolitan magazine.
However, they stated that one area that doesn't spark arguments between them is when they are cooking.
“Chrissy and I cook to relax. I'm very good at making fried chicken, macaroni cheese, omelettes and pancakes… Then we just hang out and watch TV. Netflix and chill, as they say,” they said.
Brazil right-back Danilo knows Neymar's fitness is improving with the World Cup approaching – because they are starting to give them the runaround in training.
All eyes are on Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar as they step up preparations for Russia 2018 alongside their international colleagues, despite being ruled out of domestic action with a broken metatarsal since the end of February.
Tite's men kick off their World Cup bid against Switzerland in Rostov on June 17 but Neymar's first target for match practice is Sunday's friendly with Croatia at Anfield.
According to Manchester City's Danilo, everything is on track.
"I've been talking a lot with them because, in these 10 days, I always got to confront them in the training sessions," they told a news conference.
"So, every day we talk because I always go and challenge them and each day they are better, faster and it is more and more difficult to block him.
"We hope they can arrive at the World Cup, if not at 100 per cent then something very close to it, because for us this is very important."
Danilo is chasing a starting berth with the Selecao after PSG veteran Dani Alves was ruled out of the World Cup with knee ligament damage.
"First of all, Dani Alves' injury left us all sad because what they can give to this squad is unrivalled," said the former Real Madrid defender.
"What they gave to this group over all these years is their fighting spirit, their leadership and their style of playing. No doubt, that's a big loss.
"But [Corinthians full-back] Fagner and I have been working hard to do our best to contribute to Brazil also and we are focusing on this.
"Dani, for sure, is an experienced man with a strong mindset. He'll get over this and we'll try to do our best."
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic — Latin America's oldest colonial city is aiming for a rebound, pouring tens of millions of dollars into repairing streets, cleaning up trash, installing streetlights and renovating centuries-old buildings in hopes of getting more of the Dominican Republic's 5 million tourists a year to spend less time at the beach and more in the capital's long-neglected historic center.
Business owners are delighted, but residents of Santo Domingo's walled city are watching nervously, fearful that they will be priced out by a surge of stylish new restaurants and boutiques.
"Bringing more tourists here can be traumatic for us," said Pedro del Castillo, the 67-year-old president of the neighborhood's residents' association. "It seems like the aim is for us, the residents, to leave."
The city's most ambitious restoration project in decades is funded by a $120 million loan from the Inter-American Development Bank, most of which still must be approved by the Dominican Republic's congress.
Kids play inside the San Francisco Ruins in the San Anton neighborhood of the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The area is undergoing a massive restoration. Tatiana Fernandez / AP
The first $30 million in development money has gone to paint 800 homes, restore 200 colonial-era facades, replace water mains and street lighting and install new sidewalks. More private business is already moving in, with some 325 new cafes, restaurants, galleries and luxury condominiums opening in the colonial center over the past five years, according to official figures.
The center is "a diamond that needs polishing," said Silvanh Riedel, manager and part-owner of the Billini boutique hotel.
Angelo Louis, a 19-year-old barber, rents a 90-square-foot (8.4-square-meter) space without a bathroom in centuries-old El Conde street for $350 a month, and has to leave because the privately owned building will be restored with public money in coming months. They said they fear that the owner of the remodeled buildings will raise the rent and make it impossible for them to move back.
A bathtub stands in one of the rooms inside the Casa del Diseñador, part of the Casas del XVI boutique hotel in the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Tatiana Fernandez / AP
"It's going to hit us hard," they said.
The program's advocates say such fears are misplaced, and the government is dedicated to creating not just economic development, but better lives for residents of the colonial center.
"The idea is to rescue the city in a different way" than in past attempts, said Maribel Villalona, the head of the program.
The colonization of the Americas began in Santo Domingo, which was founded in 1496 by Christopher Columbus' brother Bartolome and features the continent's first cathedral, first hospital and first university. The center was abandoned by many after the country's 1965 civil war, with more prosperous residents moving to new developments on the outskirts of the capital.
To celebrate the 500th anniversary of Columbus' arrival in the Americas, some of the center's limestone buildings with scenic wooden balconies were restored in 1992, but the program did little to improve the economic fortunes of the area or draw more of the Dominican Republic's tourists. According to government statistics, only 15 percent of visitors to the Dominican Republic spent time in Santo Domingo and only 3 percent slept there, drawn away by all-included packages at beach resorts and dissuaded by the lack of high-quality lodging inside Santo Domingo's walled city.
People walk on El Conde street in the Colonial Zone of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Santo Domingo. Tatiana Fernandez / AP
Villalona said the second phase would be aimed at helping poor families in the historic center, restoring some 200 homes and providing their residents with job-training and small-business loans to help them benefit from the expected surge in tourism.
Those promises aren't soothing the anxieties of residents like Fidel Perez, a 48-year-old photographer who plans to get married in coming months and says the $300 or $400 they can pay for rent would only get them and their wife a single room in the old city, forcing them to look for housing far from the center for the first time in their career.
They blame the rising rents on the renovation of the colonial city, and says he's pessimistic that any improvement in the area will benefit its working people.
"For now," they said. "We're watching the game from the sidelines."
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
LOS ANGELES — A woman on Monday said they were a 17-year-old model and aspiring actor when Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as they spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Attorney Lisa Bloom, from center, holds a press conference with their clients Faviola Dadis, from left, and Regina Simons, who are accusing actor Steven Seagal of sexual assault, at The Bloom Firm on March 19, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images
Dadis said Seagal reached under their bikini top, grabbed their nipples and then grabbed their genitals soon after the audition began. They said they promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
“I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men,” Dadis said through tears as they read from a written statement.
They recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that their case is under review.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Steven Seagal has been accused of sexual misconduct by several women. Mikhail Japaridze / TASS via Getty file
Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said they had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced them to Seagal. After several phone calls and text messages, Seagal invited Dadis to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film they planned to make about Genghis Khan, Dadis said.
Dadis brought a family friend because their mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and they ended up in a room with only Seagal and their personal security guard.
Seagal had told them to wear a bikini or bra and panties under their clothes, and had their walk around the room in the bikini before saying they wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Dadis said.
“Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience,” they said. “I left feeling horrified and totally violated.”
They said they told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because they feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. They said Seagal later called her, but they never accepted the calls.
Dadis said they were inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actor Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped their pants during an audition with them
Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside their attorney, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted them in 1995 when they were 18, allegations they previously made on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today” in January.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steven Seagal raped me, woman tells Megyn Kelly 9:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed them at an audition in 1995.
After their interview with McCarthy, Seagal said on their Facebook page that they had never met Simons and their story was fabricated, and they have denied the allegations of the other actores.
Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
BBNaija! Why I brought trouble to the house – Cee-c reveals
Former Big Brother Naija 2018 housemate, Cee-c has revealed why they were very controversial and brought trouble to the reality show. The lawyer, who was at loggerheads with different housemates in the reality show at different times, said they brought ‘Double Wahala' to the show because they saw the theme as ‘trouble'. Speaking on […]
The post BBNaija! Why I brought trouble to the house – Cee-c reveals appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The number of potholes in our roads should be steadily decreasing, with 6,500 repaired since the start of the year and another 950 scheduled.
Suffolk County Council's highways team has received about 9,500 pothole reports since January 1, which is double the number reported in the same period last year.
Inspections have been completed in Bury St Edmunds, where there were 60 reports, and Pakenham, which had 30. Workers are currently completing repairs in Bury, with other locations scheduled for the coming weeks.
The council has brought in additional workers, is using different materials and has diverted resources to help deal with the backlog. It is also trialling a new approach where areas with high volumes of reports are ‘blitzed', meaning inspectors are ordering repairs for all defects in areas with high concentrations of potholes, which are then dealt with at the same time.
John Clements, of Suffolk Highways, said: “We are continuing our war on potholes and are bringing together all available resource to manage incoming reports and get these defects assessed and, if necessary, repaired as soon as possible.”
Former President Rawlings' address at the 35th anniversary of the 31st December revolution was the highlight of discussions on Monday's edition of New Day on TV3.
1.
Oroville lake, the emergency spillway, the damaged main spillway, and the earthen Oroville Dam are seen behind the town of Oroville from the air on Feb. 13, 2017 in Oroville, California.
Almost 200,000 people were ordered to evacuate the northern California town after a hole in the emergency spillway in the Oroville Dam threatened to flood the surrounding area.
The order was reduced to a warning on Tuesday, allowing residents to begin returning — with the caution that the condition of the dam that imperils the area could still change quickly.
Elijah Nouvelage / Getty Images
PR: Bitxoxo Exchange Has Launched Its Own ICO Token
This is a paid press release, which contains forward looking statements, and should be treated as advertising or promotional material. Bitcoin.com does not endorse nor support this product/service. Bitcoin.com is not responsible for or liable for any content, accuracy or quality within the press release.
Token Pre-Sale has begun from Wednesday, April 18th and will be ending on April 30th, 2018. In the first round of presale, the price will be $1.5/XOXO. The company has sold more than 40% token in 24 hours of pre-sale.
Later, coming up with the main sale at May 5th which will last till May 31st, 2018. While the price of xoxo token will be $2/XOXO during main sale.
The main concept behind the launch of the XOXO token is to achieve the goal of expansion which has been seen by the experts of bitxoxo for taking the cryptocurrency to the next level of success.
Bitxoxo Achievements:
Bitxoxo has achieved in offering the best services and new products to its users. They are the first bitcoin exchange to launch Pre-Paid Gift cards and Referral system for customers.
The exchange running for almost 2 years is active on both the mobile app (Android & iOS) and web portal, while they recently launched an ICO Launchpad for the ICO company to list their token. So, after a successful journey of 2 years as an exchange, it won't be wrong in saying that the upcoming project of Bitxoxo is already a successful project.
Bitxoxo Future Plans with XOXO token:
Bitxoxo expands and offer new services of BCH (Bitcoin Cash) to all cryptocurrency investors and enthusiasts. The funds generated by the ICO, will be used for the future expansion of ongoing project and introduce new services and product development.
The very First PoS App for Bitcoin Cash
Bitxoxo International Debit Card for our users. Bitxoxo the largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume. The exchange was founded in 2016 and running successfully in India, recently launched its Initial Coin Offering XOXO token .
Bitcoin Cash marketplace with top 15 cryptocurrencies and more in order book model.
Bitcoin Cash e-University Certification Program to spread the awareness of the blockchain technology and cryptocurrency to the mass and help people to become certified professionals etc.
Bitxoxo Incubator to provide all the necessary needs like funds and advisory for the new blockchain startups.
The expansion of Bitxoxo cryptocurrency exchange worldwide starting from Australia, Singapore and UAE etc.
Bitxoxo takes this opportunity to welcome the Founder and COO of Bitcoin.com onto our advisory panel.
Roger Ver, CEO of Bitcoin.com
Founder of Bitcoin.com, popular as ‘Bitcoin Jesus' Roger Ver is an early adopter and investors in Bitcoin. Ver is a motivation to numerous cryptocurrency enthusiasts, they make people believe the value of crypto and blockchain to the world.  They are an angel investor for many popular cryptocurrency and blockchain technology startups such as The Blockchain foundation, Blockchain.info, Ripple, Kraken, Bitpay etc.
Mate Tokay, COO of Bitcoin.com
Mate Tokay has been involved in the cryptocurrency business as a miner since 2013; they co-founded Bitcoinist.net a cryptocurrency news magazine and they are now the Chief Operation Officer at Bitcoin.com. Mate is a premier source for everything related to Bitcoin. They focus on a larger vision and communicating that vision to others while staying on top of the major trends in the industry.
Bitxoxo is heartily grateful for other experts of crypto to join our advisory board.
Stephen Drew
Stephen Drew possesses 20 years of experience in investment banking, fintech & real estates. They worked on Wall Street for 10+ years in trading and investment banking and 3 years in trading and investment in cryptocurrencies. Drew is an active partner of $100 million Crypto Hedge Fund based in NYC and the Caymans, Stephen always engaged in monetizing day to day operation of the fund from analyzing investments to speaking with high net worth individuals and family offices.
Sydney Ifergan
Sydney holds a degree in computer science and has 20+ years commercial experience. They have spent the last 10 years working in the online marketing arena and was the CMO for a large brokerage. In recent years, they have been consulting with various brokerages globally on their online marketing and the utilization of technology to improve their results.
Robby Schwertner
Robby Schwertner is an expert and part of many crypto and blockchain projects.  They are a public motivator and speaker focusing on the expansion and progress of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology by addressing events and conferences on a global level.
Boris Otonicar
Boris Otonicar has a Masters degree in economics and psychology from the University of Zurich. They have a certificate as a Blockchain Specialist BVS. They consult companies in Blockchain issues and does ICO advising for different projects like Coinlancer, Districts, Coinloan etc.  They are a top 20 at ICO Bench.
To learn more about the Bitxoxo ICO visit their official website at https://bitxoxo.exchange/
You can join the XOXO token Telegram discussion and announcement: https://t.me/bitxoxo & https://t.me/bitxoxonews
Contact Email : [email protected]
Supporting Link
https://www.bitxoxo.com
https://www.bitxoxo.exchange
Contact Email Address
[email protected]
This is a paid press release. Readers should do their own due diligence before taking any actions related to the promoted company or any of its affiliates or services. Bitcoin.com is not responsible, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services mentioned in the press release.
The post PR: Bitxoxo Exchange Has Launched Its Own ICO Token appeared first on Bitcoin News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) During the last race at Long Beach, there was buzz that IndyCar officials wanted a superstar to commit to the Indianapolis 500 and make the 101st running a must-watch race.
The 500 is one of the most iconic events in America, and it was going to be difficult for the speedway to top last year's centennial celebration. So names were bandied about, all of them drivers who might consider running next month's race and would draw a good deal of domestic interest.
There was Tony Stewart, who never won the 500 – their dream race. Retired from NASCAR now, Indy cars may have passed him, but people would have tuned into to see one last gasp from Smoke. There was Danica Patrick, whose entire brand was built around the Indy 500. They left IndyCar six years ago but the grass hasn't been so green on the NASCAR side, and Patrick led 19 laps at the speedway and finished third and fourth in their career.
Either of those drivers would have drawn massive interest in Indiana, where the series seems to cater to its homegrown fans and unfortunately often settles for mediocrity.
It was neither of those drivers. The ”showstopper” CEO Mark Miles pulled out for next month's race is two-time Formula One champion Fernando Alonso.
”Who?” asked my 13-year-old daughter. Trust me, she's a valuable gauge of what's trending, and I guarantee she'd have talked up the race if Stewart or Patrick was in the field.
Alonso is a highly decorated driver who was once at the top of Formula One. IndyCar has plenty of international drivers, so adding the Spaniard for the 500 isn't unusual in that respect. But their F1 titles came long ago, in 2005 and 2006, and they have yet to score a point in three races this year with McLaren.
”I've never raced with so little power in my life,” Alonso reportedly said on their radio during Sunday's race in Bahrain.
Big news, Alo; You get one of those Honda engines for the Indy 500, too. To race on an oval, a circuit he's never attempted, in an Indy car, a car he's never driven. They apparently are skipping the rookie orientation program, and will leave themselves roughly two weeks – barring rain delays – to figure out how to win the Indy 500.
This just doesn't feel right, no matter how skilled Alonso may very well be.
There's got to be at least a small group of worrywarts unsettled by the crowded timeline in which Alonso plans to learn how to race Indy.
The deal manufactured by current McLaren executive Zak Brown, a former IndyCar consultant, has grabbed headlines by pairing McLaren, Honda, Alonso and Andretti in the most famous auto race in the U.S. It comes at the expense of the Monoco Grand Prix, which Alonso will skip to race at Indy.
Why is it OK for one of F1's biggest stars to skip the crown jewel of the schedule to sell some tickets for Indianapolis Motor Speedway?
Alonso's entry also came at the expense of Stefan Wilson, who had to give up their yearlong quest to put an Indy package together because there were not enough engines for both Alonso and Wilson. People will tell you Wilson graciously stepped aside, and put the race above their own interests, but what kind of series leadership puts them in that position? Of course they were going to say. ”Sure, Alonso can have my engine.”
Meanwhile, the field already has announced entries for Indy 500 rookies Zach Veach and Jack Harvey, plus a car for Jay Howard, who hasn't raced an Indy car since 2011. So why was Wilson singled out to cough up their Honda engine to give Alonso a shot? Wilson has been working hard to make this year's race after finishing 28th last year, enough to earn a share of $200,805.
IndyCar has some nice momentum right now, but the idea of importing Alonso does little for long-term growth. Unless, of course, the idea is to coax more open-wheel drivers in F1 turf to take the road to IndyCar.
Put Lewis Hamilton in the Indy 500, with proper seat time and the freedom to Snapchat and Instagram their way through the entire process. That might appeal to kids. Or put Ricky or Jordan Taylor in the event. They are rising American stars with the following to make a difference to the race and the series.
Alonso? Meh. It's hard to see what IndyCar gains in the long run. After selling some tickets and drawing some eyeballs on race day, what happens when the race is over and Alonso returns to Formula One?
—
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
NASHVILLE — The man accused of fatally shooting a woman and wounding six people at a Tennessee church in September faces a 43-count indictment, including first-degree murder, attempted murder and felony civil rights intimidation charges.
The indictment in Davidson County charges 26-year-old Emanuel Kidega Samson in the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ shooting in Nashville. He's been held without bond since September. Their arraignment is Tuesday.
Their September arrest affidavit says Samson waived their rights and told police they arrived armed and fired at Burnette.
In October, Nashville Police Detective Steve Jolley testified that a note in Samson's car referenced a white supremacist's 2015 massacre at a South Carolina black church. Jolley said Samson also told them they didn't give much thought to race or religion, and heard voices and had visions.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Some Kansas lawmakers are questioning how much benefit the state is getting for the millions of dollars it has spent over the past 16 years developing retail and tourism districts.
Toronto police say four men are facing a total of 97 charges in an investigation into gun violence in the city's Regent Park neighbourhood.
They say the men were arrested on Monday after an officer saw four people, who appeared to be wearing clothing designed to disguise their identities, in a vehicle.
It's alleged one of the occupants got out of the vehicle carrying a handgun and fired in the direction of traffic and pedestrians, but it's not believed anyone was struck.
Investigators say a pursuit of the vehicle ended when it struck a police car, but not before it had collided with two taxis and driven down a sidewalk, narrowly missing pedestrians.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
A Texas man who plead guilty to stealing more than $1.2 million in fajitas while acting as a public servant has been sentenced to 50 years in prison.
Gilberto Escamilla, 53, was employed at the Darrel B. Hester Juvenile Detention Center in San Benito, Texas, until August 2017 — when it was discovered that they had been placing orders for fajitas using county funds and then selling them for their own profit since December 2008, according to Cameron County Court filings.
When sentenced on Friday, Escamilla was also served with the maximum fine of $10,000 on top of the $1,251,578.72 they were ordered to pay back for the cost of the fajitas, officials said.
According to The Brownsville Herald, Escamilla's scheme unraveled last August after a delivery driver with Labatt Food Service phoned the detention center to give kitchen employees a heads-up that an 800-pound delivery of fajitas had arrived.
Employees immediately thought the delivery to be suspicious as minors at the detention center are not served fajitas, however the delivery driver insisted that had been delivering fajitas to the detention center's kitchen for the past nine years.
After being fired and arrested, Escamilla's house was searched by police, who found packages of the fajitas in their refrigerator.
"It was selfish. It started small and got bigger and out of control," Escamilla said during court testimony, according to the Herald. "It got to the point where I couldn't control it anymore."
Texas State District Judge J. Manuel Banales, who handed down the sentence, dismissed an additional theft charge as part of an earlier plea deal made by Escamilla. Because Escamilla stole more than $200,000 worth of goods, Texas law considers the crime to be a first degree felony and allows for a sentencing of up to 99 years in prison. It also allows for a more severe punishment if the defendant commits a crime while acting as a public servant.
Escamilla's attorney, Gustavo Elizondo, did not return a request from NBC News for comment.
Impulse (below) is a series from Bourne Identity director Doug Liman about a young girl who can teleport themselves out of trouble, at the cost of breaking everything (and everyone) in the vicinity. The trailer does look intriguing, with elements of Stranger Things and Liman's own infamous Hayden Christensen vehicle, Jumper.
Google's paid streaming strategy has been a bit of a mess. It recently rebranded the service from YouTube Red, potentially confusing would-be subscribers. Before, you could get Red and Google Play Music for $10, but now you'll pay $12 to get YouTube Premium and another new service, YouTube Music Premium.
Getting Liman, The Rock, Robert Downey Jr. and Dan Harmon onboard was a coup for Google, but it's a seller's market for good content, with Netflix, Hulu, HBO and many, many others in the mix. As such, the service will be hard-pressed to get a slate of content even touching what Netflix has. The Assistant trick is a nice way for Google to do some cross-marketing, but for YouTube Premium to have any kind of chance, the few shows it has will need to be exceptionally good.
Forget "winter is coming." Winter may already be here for HBO. It looks like the cybersecurity incident affecting the "Game of Thrones" network may be getting a lot worse.
The person — or group — who claimed last week to have hacked HBO has now released what appears to be a trove of stolen information — and the network has called in the FBI for help.
Those documents are said to include "Game of Thrones" scripts, personal emails that belong to an HBO executive, and other proprietary information, according to reports.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Details Emerge About HBO Cybersecurity Hack 1:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"HBO believed that further leaks might emerge from this cyber incident when we confirmed it last week. As we said, the forensic review is ongoing," an HBO representative told NBC News. "While it has been reported that a number of emails have been made public, the review to date has not given us a reason to believe that our e-mail system as a whole has been compromised."
Related: HBO Hacked, Thieves Claim to Have ‘Game of Thrones' Info
Game of Thrones Season 7 production still with Lena Headey, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau. Helen Sloan / HBO
The apparent hacker or hackers, who go by the name "Mr. Smith," also released a video addressing HBO Chairman and CEO Richard Plepler, demanding the company pay a ransom in order to stop further leaks, according to the Associated Press.
NBC News has not seen the alleged video. However, in it, the hackers reportedly ask for their "six-month salary" to be paid in Bitcoin — implying that the figure would be around $6 million.
HBO has not commented on the scope of the breach nor the specifics of what was stolen.
Last week, material that had yet to air from "Ballers" and "Room 104" was apparently leaked online, according to reports. Various reports claim the hackers have 1.5 terabytes of data. For some perspective, 1 TB can hold an estimated 500 hours worth of movies, according to a ballpark estimate from PC Ninja.
Mr. Smith also reportedly claims HBO is its 17th target — and that only three others have failed to pay.
The FBI does not support paying ransom to criminals and has, in previous instances, made the point that there is no guarantee a victim's proprietary information would be returned. The FBI's Internet Crime Complaint Center — also known as IC3 — collects reports about internet-facilitated crimes.
"Paying a ransom emboldens the adversary to target other victims for profit, and could provide incentive for other criminals to engage in similar illicit activities for financial gain," the FBI wrote in a bulletin last year.
However, the decision is ultimately up to the victim. The FBI said "it recognizes executives, when faced with inoperability issues, will evaluate all options to protect their shareholders, employees, and customers."
HBO's statement said the company's team is working "around the clock with outside cybersecurity firms and law enforcement to resolve the incident. Meanwhile, our dedicated employees continue to focus on delivering the high quality of entertainment and service for which we are known."
The hacking nightmare — just the latest in a string of incidents that have shaken Hollywood — unfolded last week, prompting Plepler to break the news to employees in an email on July 31.
“Any intrusion of this nature is obviously disruptive, unsettling, and disturbing for all of us. I can assure you that senior leadership and our extraordinary technology team, along with outside experts, are working round the clock to protect our collective interests," they wrote.
Despite it all, some "Game of Thrones" fans are vowing not to look at the leaked materials.
Screw you "Mr.Smith," I'll wait for HBO to release GOT #GameOfThrones #hbohack — John Butler (@butlerbssp) August 8, 2017
Netflix fell victim to hackers earlier this year when some episodes of "Orange Is the New Black" were leaked prior to the series' June release date.
As far as entertainment industry hacks go, Sony suffered the biggest one yet in 2014 when thieves leaked personal information and email exchanges, some of which were between actors and executives. The hack was apparently prompted by the satirical film "The Interview," in which a news crew scores an interview with Kim Jong-un — and is asked by the CIA to assassinate him.
However, sometimes an alleged hack isn't quite what it seems. Some hackers have been known to overstate their claims. Earlier this year, Disney was the target of a hoax, in which hackers claimed to have a copy of the newest "Pirates of the Caribbean" film in their possession.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
OXFORD, Miss. (AP) - Mississippi quarterback Shea Patterson says they will transfer to Michigan.
Patterson made their commitment in a tweet on Monday after visiting the Ann Arbor, Michigan, campus last weekend . Patterson is recovering from a right knee injury that cost them the final month of last season, but they should be ready to compete in 2018.
In seven games, Patterson passed for 2,259 yards and 17 touchdowns, with nine interceptions. The sophomore was one of the top recruits in the 2016 class.
Ole Miss was hit with NCAA sanctions two weeks ago that included a bowl ban next season. The NCAA said Mississippi's seniors could transfer without sitting out next season, as is usually required. Patterson does not qualify for that but could petition the NCAA to be immediately eligible.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Well, the tax protesters got the president's attention.
The weekend rallies, with a handful of celebrities sprinkled among them, used the tax filing season to demand that Donald Trump release their returns.
That demand will be about as effective as North Korea's latest missile test.
But the protests did produce a pair of presidential tweets: “I did what was an almost impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?”
Trump's view is that they got themselves elected while defying the demands that they release their returns, and that settles the issue. And it's true that the issue never got that much traction, except in the media.
Leaving aside their explanation of being under audit, Trump's essential message is: “Read My Lips. No Tax Returns.”
In a second tweet, they said: “Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!” One organizer denied that anyone was paid.
The protesters turned out in such cities as Washington, New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Chicago and Denver. In Berkeley, 21 people were arrested as the demonstrators clashed with Trump supporters in a melee that included rocks, sticks and smoke bombs—the kind of violence that gives peaceful protest a bad name.
I doubt the protesters thought they were going to pressure the president into changing their mind. They just see it as a good club to whack them with.
I happen to think that Trump should have followed the 40-year tradition among presidential candidates and made at least some of their returns public. But it is hardly the most burning issue now, given the airstrikes against Syria and the threats emanating from North Korea.
On Sunday, NBC's Chuck Todd said: “If we ever see their tax returns, and I do think we will at some point, it is going to be because some government entity forced them public.”
Well, maybe. It's hard for me to imagine a subpoena from one of the Hill investigations of Russia, as Todd suggests, with Republicans controlling both houses of Congress.
Trump critics have long suspected that they paid no taxes. But that much-hyped leak featured on Rachel Maddow's program showed that they paid $38 million a decade ago, at a much higher rate than Mitt Romney.
That isn't to say that Trump didn't utilize all kinds of real estate tax breaks, but it has taken much of the sting out of the issue.
This will surface again, of course, when the White House starts pushing a tax reform bill. Detractors will demand to know how the proposed changes will affect Trump's IRS bill, as if their sole goal is to make themselves richer.
With tensions rising against North Korea and in the wake of the Syrian airstrikes, the tax-return flap will remain on the back burner. But after the president's decision not to release White House visitor logs, they risk further criticism on the broader issue of transparency.
Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of “MediaBuzz” (Sundays 11 a.m.).  They are the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow them at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.
Share
Police in Laguna Beach, California, say a Tesla Model S crashed into a parked patrol car. The driver, who suffered minor injuries, told investigators Autopilot was engaged at the time of the accident.
Local news channel ABC7 reports the incident happened on the morning of May 29 on Laguna Canyon Road. Though the investigation is ongoing, the first police officers who arrived at the scene noted the force of the impact pushed the Ford Explorer over the sidewalk. Both cars sustained a substantial amount of damage; police declared the patrol car a total loss. Luckily, it was unoccupied at the time of the impact.
We don't know exactly what happened or how fast the Tesla was driving. The investigation will reveal whether Autopilot malfunctioned, or if this represents yet another case of technology-aided distracted driving. Police sergeant Jim Cota noted the crash happened in the same spot a Tesla collided with a semi last year.
“Why do these vehicles keep doing that? We're just lucky people aren't getting injured,” Cota told the Los Angeles Times.
This morning a Tesla sedan driving outbound Laguna Canyon Road in “autopilot” collides with a parked @LagunaBeachPD unit. Officer was not in the unit at the time of the crash and minor injuries were sustained to the Tesla driver. #lagunabeach #police #tesla pic.twitter.com/7sAs8VgVQ3 — Laguna Beach PD PIO (@LBPD_PIO_45) May 29, 2018
Tesla hasn't commented on the cause of the crash. We imagine that will soon change. Company co-founder and CEO Elon Musk recently criticized members of the media for covering accidents involving Tesla's vehicles. Speaking during a conference call, they explained he's tired of the bad press and pledged to release quarterly safety reports to persuade drivers and journalists that the system makes driving safer, not more dangerous. The company nonetheless acknowledges some drivers use Autopilot improperly on a regular basis.
“When using Autopilot, drivers are continuously reminded of their responsibility to keep their hands on the wheel and maintain control of the vehicle at all times. Tesla has always been clear that Autopilot doesn't make the car impervious to all accidents, and before a driver can use Autopilot, they must accept a dialogue box which states that ‘Autopilot is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear lane markings,'” a Tesla spokesperson told Digital Trends.
The accident is the latest in a surprisingly long string of Autopilot-related crashes this year. Earlier in May, a 28-year old woman suffered a broken ankle when their Tesla Model S slammed into the back of a fire truck parked at a light on the outskirts of Salt Lake City. Reviewing the vehicle's logs revealed they had Autopilot turned on but used the system improperly because they regularly took their hands off the steering wheel. They admitted they were looking at their phone before the impact.
In March, the 38-year old driver of a Model X died after their crossover drove into a concrete divider on Highway 101 in Mountain View, California. They had engaged Autopilot, but they took their hands off the steering wheel moments before the collision. In January, another Model S rear-ended a fire engine at 65 mph in Culver City, California. The driver blamed Autopilot; the investigation into the crash remains open.
Update: added statement from Tesla.
Who are the judges? Will Ant McPartlin be back for the next series? We have all the answers to your burning BGT questions
The winner of Britain's Got Talent has been crowned, and we're already thinking about the next series.
Advertisement
Yep, the talent show will be returning in 2019 – here's everything you need to know about series 13 of BGT:
When is Britain's Got Talent 2019 on TV?
Although there isn't a confirmed start date for Britain's Got Talent, previous series have always begun in the first few weeks of April. So a launch date of Saturday 13th April 2019 seems pretty likely.
Is Ant going to be back with Dec to present Britain's Got Talent next year?
Although Ant McPartlin was seen throughout all of the pre-recorded BGT auditions, they were absent for the entire live week of shows. It meant that co-presenter Declan Donnelly hosted the live semi-finals and the grand final by themselves (which they certainly kicked off in style).
Now, show boss Simon Cowell has said that they are confident Ant will be back on BGT in 2019.
Cowell is “almost certain” Ant and Dec will be reunited on screen when the show returns in 2019, telling The Mirror: “He's not a bad person, he's not the only person these things happen to. He's in the public eye. It's a wake-up call. It's as simple as that.
They continued: “He's taken a step back because their health is way more important than a TV show. I'm almost certain he'll be back next year. And we want them back.”
Who are the Britain's Got Talent judges?
For the seventh year running, Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams were sifting through the acts in the 2018 series. But will they be back for the eighth year in a row?
As yet, the judging line-up hasn't been confirmed. But the foursome work so well together, it'd be a bit of a shock if there were to be any changes on the panel.
When do the Britain's Got Talent's live shows start?
The live BGT shows usually begin in the last week of May, and so at this point we can assume they will kick off on Bank Holiday Monday – 27th May 2019. If that's the case, the final will most likely fall on Sunday 2nd June 2019.
What does the winner of Britain's Got Talent get?
As well as getting a spot on the bill at the Royal Variety Performance, there's also a big cash prize for whoever wins…
Who has won Britain's Got Talent?
The full list of Britain's Got Talent winners is here – the most recent victor is comedian Lost Voice Guy. The stand-up became the first ever comedian of the talent show when they won in 2018.
Where are Britain's Got Talent's live shows filmed?
In 2018, BGT moved out of a TV studio for the first time and instead the live shows were held at Hammersmith Apollo in London.
Although the staging looked amazing, the broadcast didn't always go so smoothly. During bad weather in the first semi-final, the live show dropped off air for over 10 minutes. Oops.
“It has to be in a theatre and I'll tell you why,” explained Simon ahead of BGT's 12th series in 2018. “We go into a studio and make it look like a theatre, it's like buying a Mini and trying to make it look like a Rolls-Royce! There's something about the theatre element.
“So whenever we do the live shows in a studio, something, that gloss, glow, whatever you want to call it, is missing for me. So I'm thrilled because this year I have got my own way…again.”
Whether they'll be back at the Apollo after the technical difficulties of last series remains to be seen…
How do I audition for Britain's Got Talent?
Applications are already open for BGT 2019, and all the information you need to enter the show can be found here.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent will return in 2019
The sun-drenched drama will return to ITV in 2019
The Good Karma Hospital will return for a third series, ITV has announced.
Advertisement
Sunday night's series two finale ended on an emotional cliffhanger as Dr Ruby Walker (Amrita Acharia) told Dr Gabriel Varma (James Krishna Floyd) that they needed to work some things out – and asked them to wait for them What does the future hold for their relationship? And will Ruby forge a relationship with their long-lost father?
Thankfully Dan Sefton's heartwarming drama, which also stars Amanda Redman and Neil Morrissey, will return to ITV in 2019.
Six more episodes have been commissioned and filming is set to begin in August.
Executive producer Lucy Bedford said in a statement, “The commission of a third series is testament to the hard work of our incredible cast and talented writers, led by Dan Sefton.
“The colourful characters and life-affirming stories continue to strike a chord with the audience and we are so excited to be bringing everyone another series of this wonderful drama.”
ITV's Senior Drama Commissioner Victoria Fea added: “We're delighted to be returning to The Good Karma Hospital for a third series. Writer Dan Sefton has created emotionally engaging storylines and a community of intriguing characters that we all instantly care about.
“We're grateful to the cast for bringing them to life and to the production team who film in the most glorious sun-drenched location!”
Advertisement
The Good Karma Hospital will return in 2019
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or ALS is one of several types of motor neurone diseases. It gradually and inexorably paralyzes patients, usually killing within about four years.
Hawking was diagnosed in 1963, when they were just 21 years old. They survived for 55 years with the incurable condition.
“His survival is longer than most,” said Dr. Jeffrey Elliott, chief of the neuromuscular disorders section at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center. “I think part of their longevity may have been because they had a slowly progressive form. Probably it was also due to the exclusive nursing and medical care that they received.”
Hawking received round-the-clock medical care, at first from a wife who gave up their career ambitions to tend to him, and later from a team of nurses. They were told when diagnosed that they likely would not live long — but they beat the odds.
According to the ALS Association, half of all people affected with ALS live at least three or more years after diagnosis. Twenty percent live five years or more; up to 10 percent will live more than 10 years.
People diagnosed when they are young, as Hawking was, live for longer for reasons that are not well understood. It may be that a different cause of the disease shows up in young adults.
“One type of ALS is caused by a change in gene A, another by gene B. There are different causes, also, for sporadic ALS,” said Elliott.
Over the years there was speculation about whether Hawking had an unusual form of ALS.
Elliott said in their experience, people who get better care tend to live longer. “Survival really depends on the type of medical and nursing care that they get,” they said. The longest any of their patients have survived is about 20 years, they said.
The paralysis caused by ALS puts people at risk of choking, pneumonia and digestive blockages, as well as other infections.
Most eventually require a ventilator and that requires constant maintenance and monitoring to prevent infections and to make sure the patient has good oxygen levels.
Many patients opt out of the expensive and time-consuming treatment needed to stay alive and healthy, Elliott said.
In 1985, Hawking had a tracheostomy for ventilator treatment when they caught pneumonia. The operation cost them their voice.
“After this, I had to have 24-hour nursing care, made possible by grants from several foundations,” Hawking told the British Medical Journal in 2002.
Hawking also had good income from their books, including “A Brief History of Time”. Elliott said it would have taken a lot of private funding to pay for the care and equipment that kept Hawking from being an invalid.
“It comes with a price, round-the-clock attention,” Elliott said.
“It's challenging in terms of having the resources to do that, financially.” It's not something that health insurance usually covers.
Hawking had care from nurses, physical therapists and various other assistants.
'Mental attitude makes a difference'
Hawking's needs took a toll on their marriages. They divorced their first wife, Jane Wilde, after 30 years and she's written about the challenges of being married to such a single-minded man in need of so much attention —medical and otherwise.
They married one of their nurses, Elaine Mason, in 1995, and they later divorced in 2006.
Could Hawking's devotion to their career have helped keep them alive? “Mental attitude makes a difference, for sure,” Elliott said.
Hawking said so, also.
“When you are faced with the possibility of an early death, it makes you realize that life is worth living and that there are a lot of things you want to do,” Hawking was quoted often as saying.
There is no cure for ALS, although two drugs are approved to help treat some of its symptoms. Patients progressively lose the use of their muscles, often becoming completely paralyzed except for their eyes.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that 12,187 people in the United States have ALS. It can't tell how many new diagnoses are made every year yet, but a new registry shows that four in every 100,000 people has ALS.
Early this year, we announced an alternative to our previously recommended IPsec Enterprise Connectivity method, Citrix Cloud Connector. This move will not only allow more control over the Mobile Application Management (MAM) settings/timeouts and MicroVPN connections, but also eliminates the need to create and route internal traffic through an IPsec Tunnel. This will result in better performance and help meet internal compliance requirements.
The introduction of Cloud Connector as our primary method to connect your datacenter with the XenMobile Service also requires a NetScaler Gateway to be hosted on-premises. Now the question becomes, “How do I setup a NetScaler Gateway and have it communicate successfully with the XenMobile Service?”
Don't worry, we have an answer to this: The NetScaler Gateway configuration script
The NetScaler Gateway configuration script is built into the XenMobile console. The script will pull the existing LDAP configuration (Base DN & Server Name) that was configured by Cloud Connector, the NetScaler Gateway Virtual Server Name (which is filled in by what's populated in the “Name” field), and the XenMobile Fully Qualified Domain Names.
Read the entire article here, No Worries! XenMobile Service/NetScaler Gateway Configuration Script for Easy Setup
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
Longtime Dave Matthews Band violinist Boyd Tinsley has announced that he's taking a break from the band. According to DMBNews, the news follows word that Tinsley wants to focus on their health and family life.
“I need to take a break from the band & touring 2 focus on my family and my health 4 a while,” the musician wrote last night on Twitter. “I will miss you guys & my brothers in the band but I'm somewhat worn out & need 2 spend more time with my family & 2 bring more balance to my life.”
Tinsley started performing with the band in 1991, and performed on their first record, Remember Two Things, in 1993. They have released one solo album and started a new band, Crystal Garden, in 2015.
Times Insider delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how news, features and opinion come together at The New York Times.
“She loves horses.”
Those are the last three words of my official New York Times biography, which lists my unusual career trajectory from party reporter to Metro beat reporter to investigative reporter. My passion for horses has never been germane to my work as a Times journalist, but I tacked on those three words because any story about me that omits that fact isn't the whole story: Horses have been a single-minded addiction of mine since I was 2 years old.
It is a strange passion for a born-and-raised New Yorker, but one I have managed to nurture even in an urban environment. As a teenager I was a Mounted Auxiliary New York City Parks enforcement officer, galloping Belgian draft horses through Central Park chasing truants. In college I helped teach disabled children horsemanship on the backs of carriage horses in a garage-turned-barn off 11th Avenue and exercised the horses stabled on a spit of land in the middle of the East River.
But until last month my twin passions for journalism and horses had intersected only rarely — like when I covered a gala at the Waldorf Astoria hotel where two horses trotted around in an upper-story ballroom.
EASTON, Md. (AP) - A waterfowl hunter is in stable condition after a dead goose fell from the sky and knocked them unconscious.
Robert Meilhammer of Dorchester County was hunting with three other people when one of them fired at a flock of Canada geese overhead in Easton, near the Miles River on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
Maryland Natural Resources Police spokesperson Candy Thomson said a falling goose hit Meilhammer, knocking them out and causing head and facial injuries.
The Washington Post reports that when they came to, they knew who they are, but "little else," according to a Natural Resources police officer.
The agency tweeted Friday that Meilhammer was in stable condition and awaiting more tests at a Baltimore trauma center.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump under fire for blaming Charlottesville violence on 'many sides' 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A failure of presidential leadership
WASHINGTON — A basic task for any modern American president — Democrat or Republican — is to bring the country together during difficult times. “When the nation was wounded, shocked, or shamed, [presidents try] to rise to their responsibility as leaders of a whole people,” as journalist and former Carter speechwriter James Fallows observed.
Bill Clinton did it after the Oklahoma City bombing. George W. Bush did it after 9/11. And Barack Obama did it after the Charleston church shooting. But Donald Trump failed that presidential-leadership test after a white nationalist protest turned violent over the weekend in Charlottesville, Va.
Trump's first response — in the form of a tweet — started out fine. “We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!” they said.
In remarks a couple hours later, however, the president appeared to blame BOTH white nationalists and counter-protestors, and they refused to explicitly condemn the white nationalists. “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence — on many sides.” And then after Trump walked away without taking questions, reporters shouted, “Mr. President, do you want the support of these white nationalists?” “Do you call that terrorism, sir?”
Trump didn't answer.
So far Monday morning, the president fired off three tweets: One: "Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military." Two: “Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement.  They are strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.” Three: “The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!”
But nothing on Charlottesville and the white nationalists.
Fellow Republicans have criticized Trump's response
In an interview with NBC's Peter Alexander, Vice President Mike Pence – who said on Sunday, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK” – criticized the media for focusing on what Trump said (and didn't say). “I take issue with the fact that many in the media are spending more time criticizing how the president addressed the issue yesterday.”
But as Alexander noted, it's not just the media who have taken issue with Trump's response. “Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism,” Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., tweeted. “We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give their lives fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home,” Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, added. And here was Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C.: “[Trump] missed an opportunity to be very explicit here. These groups seem to believe they have a friend in Donald Trump in the White House.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed VP Pence Speaks On Charlottesville and Trump's Comments 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump's history “of engaging in high-profile, racially fraught battles,” per the AP
It would be one thing if Trump's response to Charlottesville was in a vacuum; it's another when you consider their past controversies when it comes to matters of race.
“Early in their career as a developer, Trump fought charges of bias against blacks seeking to rent at their family-owned apartment complexes,” the AP writes. “He long promoted the lie that the nation's first black president, Barack Obama, was not born in the United States. As a candidate, they proposed temporarily banning Muslims from the United States. They retweeted a post from accounts that appeared to have ties to white nationalist groups. And they were slow to reject the endorsement of former KKK leader David Duke.”
Here are some other examples:
Mexico's “rapists”: “When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.”
“When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.” Judge Curiel: “Let me just tell you, I have had horrible rulings I've been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.”
“Let me just tell you, I have had horrible rulings I've been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.” Central Park Five: “Donald J. Trump rarely apologizes. When it comes to the case of the Central Park Five, they have never even come close,” the New York Times wrote. “In 1989, after these black and Latino teenagers from Harlem were accused of assaulting and raping a white woman in Central Park, Mr. Trump spent $85,000 placing full-page ads in the four daily papers in New York City, calling for the return of the death penalty... Incredibly, 14 years after their sentences were vacated based on DNA evidence and the detailed and accurate confession of a serial rapist named Matias Reyes, Mr. Trump has doubled down.”
Ed Gillespie's “Corey Stewart” problem
In Virginia's gubernatorial contest, GOP nominee Ed Gillespie denounced the white nationalists. “Having a right to spew vile hate does not make it right. It is painful to see these ugly events in Charlottesville,” they said in a statement. But Gillespie's defeated primary opponent and (2018 Senate candidate) Corey Stewart took a different tack. "Democrats and the media never denounce the violence perpetrated by the unhinged left," Stewart said. "Antifa is simply answering the call for violence in the streets by Loretta Lynch."
Gillespie will have to make a choice: Denounce Stewart and call for them to leave the Republican Party, or have Stewart's comments get tied to them (Stewart has said he's supporting Gillespie in November).
McMaster refuses to answer — three times — if they and Steve Bannon can work together
From yesterday's “Meet the Press”:
CHUCK TODD: Can you and Steve Bannon still work together in this White House or not? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I get to work together with a broad range of talented people and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team. CHUCK TODD: You didn't answer can you and Steve Bannon work in that same White House? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I am, I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people. CHUCK TODD: Do you believe Steve Bannon does that? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I believe that everyone who works in the White House who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation should be motivated by that goal.
Strange's struggles in Alabama
One day before tomorrow's Alabama Senate primary, the New York Times writes about incumbent Sen. Luther Strange's struggles. “Senator Luther Strange of Alabama wields an endorsement from the president of the United States, is the beneficiary of a multimillion-dollar campaign from allies of Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and has the backing of influential conservative interest groups like the National Rifle Association. But Mr. Strange is wheezing into Tuesday's Republican Senate primary here..
More: “He is grasping to secure a second-place finish and a slot in a September runoff with Roy S. Moore, the twice-deposed former State Supreme Court justice and evangelical-voter favorite who is expected to be the top vote-getter but may fall short of the majority needed to win outright. Mr. Strange is in a political vise, pinched by their links to a pair of Republicans, one local and one national, held in low esteem by many in the party here: the disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley, who appointed Mr. Strange, and Mr. McConnell.”
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this June 23, 2016 file photo, Paul Rudd attends a special screening of "The Fundamentals of Caring" held at Arclight Cinemas Hollywood in Los Angeles. Actor and screenwriter Rudd will be subject...
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) - Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd picked up their 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University on Friday night.
Rudd received the Hasty Pudding honor during a black-tie event. The Boston Globe reported the actor was celebrated in a roast that targeted their "dad face" and their past as a bar mitzvah DJ.
Hasty Pudding said it chose the "Ant-Man" star because their career has spanned many genres, from indies to mainstream films, from heartfelt comedies to superheroes.
They play the lead in the upcoming "The Catcher Was a Spy," the real-life story of Ivy Leaguer and major league ballplayer Moe Berg, a spy with the forerunner of the CIA during World War II.
"Filming in Fenway was one of the greatest days I've ever had in my life, let alone my acting life," Rudd said Friday. "I'm a baseball fan and was on hallowed ground. To be on the field, wearing the uniform, and playing somebody who is real, which is a new experience for me, was surreal."
Actress Mila Kunis was celebrated as Woman of the Year on Jan. 25, the same day the 223-year-old group, known for comedic revues that feature men in drag playing female characters, said it would allow women to join its cast, starting next year.
Kunis, who has spoken out against sexism in the entertainment industry before, said they were "honored" to have been part of the program during its "year of change."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Caution: Smartphone Addiction Can Imbalance the Brain
Worried you or a loved one are too attached to your phone? There may be good reason for concern and now scientific proof, as well. Researchers have found an imbalance in brain chemistry of young people addicted to smartphones and the internet.
They presented their findings at the Nov. 30 annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA), concluding that the addicted teenagers in their study had significantly higher scores in depression, anxiety, impulsivity, and insomnia severity.
The Science Behind the Findings
The research was led by Hyung Suk Seo, M.D., a professor of neuroradiology at Korea University in Seoul, South Korea -- working with Eun-Kee Jeong, Ph.D., Sungwon Choi, Yunna Kwon, Hae-Jeong Park, and InSeong Kim.
Dr. Seo and colleagues used magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) -- a type of MRI -- to measure the brain's chemical composition in a group of 19 smartphones- and internet-addicted teenagers, including 9 males and 10 females, average age 15.5 years old. They compared the results against a gender- and age-matched control group and found a significant difference.
First, to determine the severity of addiction, the research team used standardized internet and smartphone addiction tests. Questions focused on the extent to which phone and internet use impacts daily routines, social life, productivity, sleeping patterns, and feelings. The higher the score, the more severe the addiction.
Dr. Seo reported that the addicted teenagers had significantly higher scores in depression, anxiety, insomnia severity and impulsivity.
The researchers then performed MRS exams on the addicted youth prior to and following a behavioral therapy program. Twelve of the 19 addicted youth received nine weeks of cognitive behavioral therapy designed to overcome their addiction.
For comparison, a single MRS exam was performed on the control patients. The goal of the MRS exams was to measure levels of "gamma aminobutyric acid, or GABA, a neurotransmitter in the brain that inhibits or slows down brain signals, and glutamate-glutamine (Glx), a neurotransmitter that causes neurons to become more electrically excited."
The researchers explained that, "previous studies have found GABA to be involved in vision and motor control and the regulation of various brain functions, including anxiety."
Compared to the healthy control-subjects, the smartphone- and internet-addicted youth (prior to therapy) exhibited significantly increased ratios of GABA-to-Glx in the anterior cingulate cortex.
Dr. Seo said the ratios of GABA-to-creatine and GABA-to-glutamate were significantly correlated to clinical scales of internet and smartphone addictions, depression and anxiety. Having too much GABA, the researchers explained, can result in a number of side effects, including drowsiness and anxiety.
What Can We Conclude?
This particular study was fairly small, with only 19 test subjects and 19 controls. And, while it shows a correlation between addiction and anxiety/depression, it does not necessarily show causation. It's possible that anxiety and depression cause teens to be more likely to over-use their electronic devices. Or, the use of the devices could be causing the problems.
The researchers concluded that more study is needed to understand the clinical implications of the findings. For now, Dr. Seo believes that, "increased GABA in the anterior cingulate gyrus" of the brains of internet- and smartphone-addicted youth may be related to the "functional loss of integration and regulation of processing in the cognitive and emotional neural network."
In addition, "The increased GABA levels and disrupted balance between GABA and glutamate in the anterior cingulate cortex may contribute to our understanding the pathophysiology of and treatment for addictions," Dr. Seo said.
That's a mouthful for most of us. But, the good news they reported is that GABA-to-Glx ratios in the addicted subjects significantly decreased or normalized after cognitive behavioral therapy.
That means, if you or your loved one is suffering from smartphone or internet addiction, therapy can help. And, if you see someone going down the path toward addiction, know that it's more than just a bad-habit, and intervention may be needed.
Image credit: iStock.
WASHINGTON — Doctors treating the U.S. Embassy victims of mysterious, invisible attacks in Cuba have discovered brain abnormalities as they search for clues to explain the hearing, vision, balance and memory damage, The Associated Press has learned.
It's the most specific finding to date about physical damage, showing that whatever it was that harmed the Americans, it led to perceptible changes in their brains. The finding is also one of several factors fueling growing skepticism that some kind of sonic weapon was involved.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cuba embassy attacks may have damaged the brains of victims 0:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Medical testing has revealed the embassy workers developed changes to the white matter tracts that let different parts of the brain communicate, several U.S. officials said, describing a growing consensus held by university and government physicians researching the attacks. White matter acts like information highways between brain cells.
Loud, mysterious sounds followed by hearing loss and ear-ringing had led investigators to suspect "sonic attacks." But officials are now carefully avoiding that term. The sounds may have been the byproduct of something else that caused damage, said three U.S. officials briefed on the investigation. They weren't authorized to discuss it publicly and demanded anonymity.
Related: Cubans forcefully reject blame for U.S. diplomats' mystery ailments
Physicians, FBI investigators and U.S. intelligence agencies have spent months trying to piece together the puzzle in Havana, where the U.S. says 24 U.S. government officials and spouses fell ill starting last year in homes and later in some hotels. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Wednesday he's "convinced these were targeted attacks," but the U.S. doesn't know who's behind them. A few Canadian Embassy staffers also got sick.
Doctors still don't know how victims ended up with the white matter changes, nor how exactly those changes might relate to their symptoms. U.S. officials wouldn't say whether the changes were found in all 24 patients.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM OCT. 24: Cubans forcefully reject blame for U.S. diplomats' mystery ailments 3:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But acoustic waves have never been shown to alter the brain's white matter tracts, said Elisa Konofagou, a biomedical engineering professor at Columbia University who is not involved in the government's investigation.
"I would be very surprised," Konofagou said, adding that ultrasound in the brain is used frequently in modern medicine. "We never see white matter tract problems."
Cuba has adamantly denied involvement, and calls the Trump administration's claims that U.S. workers were attacked "deliberate lies." The new medical details may help the U.S. counter Havana's complaint that Washington hasn't presented any evidence.
Tillerson said the U.S. had shared some information with Havana, but wouldn't disclose details that would violate privacy or help a perpetrator learn how effective the attacks were.
"What we've said to the Cubans is: Small island. You've got a sophisticated intelligence apparatus. You probably know who's doing it. You can stop it," Tillerson said. "It's as simple as that."
Related: Response to Cuba embassy attacks frustrates victim
The case has plunged the U.S. medical community into uncharted territory. Physicians are treating the symptoms like a new, never-seen-before illness. After extensive testing and trial therapies, they're developing the first protocols to screen cases and identify the best treatments — even as the FBI investigation struggles to identify a culprit, method and motive.
Doctors treating the victims wouldn't speak to the AP, yet their findings are expected to be discussed in an article being submitted to the Journal of the American Medical Association, U.S. officials said. Physicians at the University of Miami and the University of Pennsylvania who have treated the Cuba victims are writing it, with input from the State Department's medical unit and other government doctors.
But the article won't speculate about what technology might have harmed the workers or who would have wanted to target Americans in Cuba. If investigators are any closer to solving those questions, their findings won't be made public.
MARION, Ohio (AP) - Authorities say an Ohio man has been charged criminally after using Facebook Live to record a beating.
The Marion Star reports 30-year-old Thomas Patton, of Marion, was indicted Wednesday on one count of felonious assault.
Marion police say Patton was arrested after officers found video posts on their Facebook page that included the beating and one in which they say he'd punch the first person they saw walking down the street.
Police say officers responded Sept. 20 to a call about a 21-year-old man who said he'd been assaulted by a stranger. An affidavit says the man was punched in the face several times and received treatment for a broken nose.
Police say Patton admitted to the assault after being arrested.
Court records don't indicate whether Patton has an attorney.
Information from: The Marion Star, http://www.marionstar.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
We look at the Los Angeles Lakers' future, how their young building blocks are developing, and the possibility of a regime change in the latest episode of The Step Back Day-to-Day NBA Podcast, hosted by Jason Mann.
Daman Rangoola, contributor to Silver Screen and Roll and writer for 16 Wins A Ring, joins us to discuss how the Lakers have faltered after a promising start, Luke Walton's growing pains as a new coach, why no Lakers player averages more than 30 minutes per game, and finding hope in Brandon Ingram's promise despite a rough statistical start
We also talk about how D'Angelo Russell has and hasn't grown from last year, Julius Randle bringing toughness and versatility to the team, how Larry Nance Jr. and Jordan Clarkson fit in, Lou Williams and Nick Young having bounce-back seasons, and what free agent signees Luol Deng and Timofey Mozgov are contributing.
Listen: 30 NBA teams, 30 New Year's resolutions
We also discuss whether it is time for new leadership atop the Lakers, Jim Buss' deadline for bringing the Lakers back to success or resigning as executive vice president, their track record as top basketball decision-maker, the end of Jeannie Buss and Phil Jackson's relationship, and more.
Follow and subscribe
Thanks for listening, downloading, subscribing, and supporting!
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
An autistic high school student raped a classmate while the adult assigned to monitor them was taking a nap, said a federal lawsuit accusing Hawaii's statewide school district of negligence.
The autistic student had a full-time one-on-one aide because they were known to be violent, the lawsuit filed Monday said. The aide was asleep when the 2012 attack happened during Pearl City High School band practice, the lawsuit said.
The Associated Press doesn't typically name victims of sexual assault. The 10th-grade girl was in the back of the band at the percussion section when the larger 11th-grader raped them there and then again in a curtained area of the auditorium.
The aide was sleeping in the audience section of the auditorium, the lawsuit said.
State Department of Education spokesperson Donalyn Dela Cruz declined to comment on pending litigation. Kyle Miyashiro, who was a vice principal at the time and is named as a defendant, referred questions to the school's principal who didn't immediately respond Tuesday. The aide, Bryan Simpson, is also named as a defendant and no longer works at the school, Miyashiro said. Simpson couldn't be reached for comment.
The girl reported the rape to their mother and police, said their attorney Peter Hsieh. The autistic student was prosecuted in family court and convicted of two counts of first-degree sexual assault, Hsieh said.
"She dropped out of high school. They couldn't finish because of what happened to her," Hsieh said. But they later earned a GED diploma and is now studying bioengineering at the University of Hawaii, they said.
"She's basically turned an adverse situation as a motivator for her," they said, adding that it was their decision to pursue a civil lawsuit.
In a separate, similar case, a jury last year determined that the Department of Education failed to protect a special education student who said they were raped by a special education classmate at Waianae High School. The jury awarded the girl and their mother about $810,000 in damages, but the state appealed. The case is before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, said Hsieh, who also handled that case.
The two lawsuits send a "loud message that there is a lack of proper training and supervision of teachers, aides and assistants," Hsieh said, "especially when it comes to children who have a history of violence."
———
Follow Jennifer Sinco Kelleher at http://www.twitter.com/JenHapa. Them work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/jennifer-sinco-kelleher.
Capitol Report
By State Representative, Leon D. Young
America has some serious soul-searching to do! In the wake of two more school shootings last week in Texas and Georgia, it remains to be seen if federal and state lawmakers, and Republicans in particular, are finally ready to introduce some meaningful measures to thwart the never-ending gun violence that plagues this nation.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican and staunch gun rights defender, wasted no time in announcing their plan to convene “roundtable discussions” on how to curb gun violence. In the aftermath of the horrific high school shooting that left 10 dead and 13 wounded, the governor went on record as having said:
”We need to do more than just pray for the victims and their families. It's time in Texas that we take action to step up and make sure this tragedy is never repeated ever again in the history of the state of Texas.”
This all sounds well and good on its face. But, before we get too excited Abbott's new-found religion on gun control, we should examine what precisely is this Republican governor proposing? And, equally important, is they truly interested in adequately addressing this issue?
After the second day of discussions on school and gun safety in the aftermath of the Santa Fe High School shooting, Gov. Abbott has listed several gun-related regulations they said they could support.
• Providing a grant to the Texas School Safety Center to train local school districts and law enforcement agencies on collaboration.
• Creating a statewide threat assessment system.
• Expanding a Lubbock program aimed at preventing at-risk students from committing violent acts.
• Creating a list of recommendations for all schools on how they can immediately make their school safer, like re-evaluating entrances and exits and placing law enforcement inside schools.
• Reporting the loss or theft of a gun.
• Shortening the time to report a mental health court judgment.
• After a mental health adjudication, denying a person the ability to access a gun.
• Promoting the safe storage of guns.
• Improving background checks and “red flag” warnings, where authorities could take guns away from people deemed to be dangerous.
And to no one's surprise, noticeably absence from these discussions, to date, has been the thorny issue of assault weapons. Let's not be naïve. Texas is an ultra-red state, and its current governor, Greg Abbott, has built their whole reputation around Second Amendment issues. He's up for re-election and many believe that their “softening stance” on gun control is merely a campaign ploy, intended to garner votes.
Brown County Sheriff's Department arrest brother and sister after slow speed chase in Howard.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
HOUSTON - The next generation of classical musicians are coming to Houston for The Immanuel and Helen Olshan Texas Music Festival. This year's space theme is "Cosmic Beginnings."
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Now there's serious concern about Antarctica's Thwaites and Pine Island glaciers. Satellite photos show that these vast ice sheets have been shrinking at a rate of about 1 kilometer a year. If they go away completely, the resulting floods could swamp low lying regions across the globe, with the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the U.S likely to bear the brunt of the flooding.
Building underwater walls
Having dismissed atmospheric seeding and the pumping of seawater onto glaciers, many glaciologists now believe the best way to save glaciers may be to tackle the problem at the source. They suggest constructing enormous walls to prevent warm ocean water from eroding the glaciers' ocean-facing edges, which jut out over and float upon the waves.
“In the polar oceans, you have warm salty water at depth with colder fresher water on top,” Wolovick says. “This warm water is the biggest threat as it causes the base of the floating ice to melt, and the glacier to become unstable. If you could block this water flow, it would reduce the melt rate.”
Made mostly of robot-excavated ocean sediment, the walls would extend from the ocean floor to the base of glaciers' floating ice — holding it in place while shielding it from warm water.
The size of the wall would depend on the glacier in question. For a small one like the Jakobshavn glacier in western Greenland, Wolovick says, a 100-meter-high wall extending for about 5 kilometers might suffice. The much larger Thwaites glacier might require a 300-meter-high wall extending for 50 or more kilometers.
Would such walls really stop the ice from melting? Computer simulations suggest they would. A wall protecting Thwaites glacier, for example, might enable it to last another 400 centuries. That would buy us time, allowing people living along vulnerable coastlines to relocate or to build better sea walls — and perhaps we could use the time to find ways to ease global warming.
Cooling hot bedrock
Glaciers lose ice not just at the water's edge but from underneath. That's because glaciers are always moving toward the sea over a thin layer of water just above the underlying bedrock. As glaciers move along, their bottom surfaces scrape against the bedrock, generating friction and heat and causing some ice to melt. The problem is that with warming air temperatures causing additional melting, the volume of subglacial water is becoming larger, and glaciers are being accelerated toward the sea faster than they are being replenished.
Wolovick thinks it might be possible to tinker with the process and ameliorate much of the frictional heating by drilling a series of tunnels in the bedrock and pumping cold brine through them.
For the Pine Island glacier, they envision a series of 5-meter-wide tunnels starting from the nearby Hudson mountain range and extending roughly horizontally in the bedrock for 80 kilometers or so. Once the brine starts flowing, they hope it could freeze some of the water underneath the glacier, slowing the moving ice in its tracks, and giving the glacier time to strengthen and solidify.
A big debate
Wolovick is convinced that glacier geoengineering is our best bet for protecting the planet's ice, and he's not the only scientist who does.
“This is happening and we can't really close our eyes and forget about the fact that we're driving a dangerous mountain road,” says Slawek Tulacyzk, a professor of earth science at the University of California, Santa Cruz. “We're either going to be defending the coastline in our own backyard, or we can try and decrease the risk at the source of the problem, where the ice is being discharged to the ocean.”
Other scientists disagree, saying that the money needed for the geoengineering schemes would be better spent on finding ways to lower the amount of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide that is being pumped into the atmosphere.
“These approaches are not going to be effective at winning the war because the root cause of these changes is warming ocean and air temperatures, and addressing This is what's needed for any lasting long-term framework,” says Twila Moon, a research scientist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colorado.
The debate over glacier geoengineering isn't likely to go away anytime soon. But researchers from China are planning a $3 billion polar research study to evaluate the feasibility of the new proposals over the next decade. So maybe some cold, hard facts will help settle the debate.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
This is a paid advertisement. This content is created by the advertiser and the NBC News sales department, not the NBC News editorial team. Learn more here.
Growing up in Gaza in the dark
What's it like to be a 13-year-old growing up in Gaza? For Bilal, it means practicing wheelies, listening for drones in the sky and rushing to finish their homework before their neighborhood electricity runs out and the lights go out. For 70 years, the regional conflict has impacted the lives of generations with blockades, armed clashes and multiple wars. But for a kid, the conflict becomes more than a daily burden that impacts all aspects of life.
Read more
LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May condemns racism and hatred, their spokesperson said on Monday when asked about U.S. President Donald Trump's response to violence at a rally of white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, which killed one woman.
On Saturday, a car plowed into a crowd of people protesting against the rally, killing one person and prompting criticism of Trump's response when they condemned violence on "many sides".
Asked whether Trump's response had been robust enough, May's spokesperson told reporters: "What the President says is a matter for him. We are very clear ... We condemn racism, hatred and violence," they said. "We condemn the far right."
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, editing by Elizabeth Piper)
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- The Eagles had a problem after the 2016 season.
After adopting a hyper-aggressive organizational strategy to move up to select Carson Wentz No. 2 overall in the 2016 NFL Draft, the Eagles saw firsthand the pitfalls of not surround them with the requisite weapons on offense to un-tap their bountiful potential.
Wentz finished their rocky rookie season with 16 touchdowns and 14 interceptions while working with one of the least productive wide receiving corps in recent memory.
During the 2017 offseason the Eagles signed Alshon Jeffery to a one-year deal, prior to extending them in December, added Torrey Smith on a team-friendly contract, and after one preseason game threw Jordan Matthews into a deal with the Buffalo Bills along with a third-round pick to acquire cornerback Ronald Darby while also freeing up Nelson Agholor to move into the slot where they had a career season.
The biggest addition, though, was Jeffery.
As former Green Bay Packers and Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Greg Jennings tells it, Jeffery's skill-set meshed perfectly with the kind of weapon that the Eagles needed to give Wentz in their second season.
"Alshon caused us a lot of problems with the Bears because of their ability to go over the middle and attack the football," Jennings told NJ Advance Media this week. "And make plays downfield."
Take a peek inside Eagles' 'dynamic' QB room
Never was Jeffery's ability to make plays in the deep passing game more evident than a 38-7 throttling of the Minnesota Vikings in the NFC Championship Game to reach Super Bowl LII.
Jeffery caught all five of their targets for 85 yards and two touchdowns while averaging 17.0 yards per reception.
Eagle quarterbacks coach John DeFilippo couldn't say enough this week about the monumental impact that Jeffery's presence had both on Wentz, Nick Foles, but also the team's offense as a unit.
"I can't get Alshon enough credit," DeFilippo said. "The effect of Alshon Jeffery doesn't always show up in the stat book. Okay? It doesn't. I have this philosophical argument with some people all the time about receivers only effecting the game eight plays a game. I 100 percent disagree. If you're playing a guy like Alshon, a lot of times, you may have to play too high with a safety over the top of him. What does that do? It opens up lanes to run the football.
"Whereas if you don't have an Alshon Jeffery, if you just have a mediocre group of receivers, they're going to load the box on you. Now you can't run it. Now you have a hard time throwing it, because you don't have an elite group of wideouts out there. The people who tell me that receivers only effect six to eight plays a game, I think that's totally bogus."
Jennings says that from the outside looking in, they can see why Jeffery has fit in so well both with their new teammates and within the Eagles' scheme.
"His willingness to be unselfish, and play within their system. I think that's their driving force with allowing their quarterback to be that guy in Carson Wentz, and now Nick Foles. Their defense was their calling card, but if they can continue to be unselfish, play with no egos, and focus on the task at hand.
"Having a talent like Alshon can kind of take a step back and say 'I'm still an elite guy, but I'm not asked to do what I once was, because I have a lot of talent around me,' it's better for the team."
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @MattLombardoPHL.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
EUGENE, Ore. — Oregon coach Kelly Graves nearly ran out of superlatives to describe their team's performance after the No. 6 Ducks delivered just the way they drew it up.
Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead Oregon over No. 25 California 91-54 on Friday night.
“I'm really pleased,” Graves said. “I thought we played a great game tonight at both ends of the floor.”
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was their 11th of the season.
It was Oregon's largest margin of victory in a conference game this season. The Ducks already were outscoring their opponents by 21.4 points per game, tops in the Pac-12.
Satou Sabally had 10 points and another first-year student, Anneli Maley, had nine off the bench as nine Ducks scored.
“It feels good,” Graves said. “I think what makes this team really special is that on any given night, it's just another player and on some nights lots of different players.
“Cal is a very good team, and tonight we got them on their heels early and got going offensively. We took care of the ball, we rebounded well and we shot it well.”
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
After a sluggish first quarter, Oregon pulled away with a 10-0 run in the second to lead 46-29 at the break. Ionescu had 15 points in the first half. The Golden Bears were effective early with aggressive double-teams against Ionescu, but they weren't able to maintain it.
“We have the tools to do that for 40 minutes,” California coach Lindsay Gottlieb said, “but I think Oregon hitting a couple shots took us out of that mentality, and you can't do that against them.
“Any time Oregon found a little crack and scored, it took the wind out of us a little bit and didn't allow us to do it the high level we needed.”
The Ducks dominated inside with a 40-28 rebound margin and 20-10 edge in second-chance points. They also turned 13 turnovers into 21 points.
Ionescu was 9 of 13 from the field and 4 of 7 from 3-point range as Oregon finished 34 of 66 overall for 51.5 per cent. The Golden Bears shot just 21 of 55 for 38.2 per cent.
“They were more disruptive defensively than I expected and used their length really well,” Gottlieb said.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon improved the nation's best home record to 14-0 after being bumped off the No. 4 line for the top seed in the Spokane Region by Notre Dame in Thursday's latest reveal by the NCAA selection committee. The Ducks are now fifth, with UConn, Mississippi State and Louisville holding the top three spots.
California, which is trying to reach the NCAA Tournament for the sixth time in Lindsay Gottlieb's seventh season as coach, is 0-7 against top 25 teams and 0-2 against the top 10. The Golden Bears face their eighth ranked team Sunday at Oregon State.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Oregon likely needs a sweep by beating No. 24 Stanford to keep its No. 6 ranking, highest in school history. The Ducks have been in the top 10 for 12 consecutive weeks.
California will have to snap a six-game losing streak to Oregon State to hang on to its No. 25 ranking.
STAT OF THE NIGHT
Oregon topped its season averages for points (91), shooting percentage (51.5), 3-point percentage (47.4) and assists (23). The Ducks rank in the top 10 nationally in all four categories.
They SAID IT
Gottlieb was the latest coach to come away impressed with Ionescu, the sophomore who leads the Pac-12 in scoring (19.8 ppg) and assists (7.7). “Sabrina has an uncanny ability to make everyone around them better and make the offence flow,” Gottlieb said. “They have other good players as well who knocked down shots, but they put a lot of pressure on your defence, and their team responds to that.”
UP NEXT
California: Plays at No. 16 Oregon State on Sunday.
Oregon: Hosts No. 24 Stanford on Sunday.
Lowellville and Springfield Boys High School Basketball: January 2, 2018 View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball Lowellville Springfield Boys Basketball
NEW MIDDLETOWN, OHIO (WYTV) – Nothing beats small school basketball on a Friday night. The Lowellville Rockets scored an exciting basket at the buzzer to nip arch-rival Springfield 51-49 to remain one game behind the league-leading McDonald Blue Devils.
With the win, the Rockets improve to 14-2 overall on the season, and 10-1 in the MVAC. The Tigers drop to 9-6, 7-5 in conference play.
With the game knotted at 49 apiece and the Rockets with possession of the ball, Rockets guard Matt Hvisdak brought the ball across half court with less than 20 seconds remaining. The Tigers sat back in a 2-3 zone while Hzisdak waited to under 6 seconds remaining before they drove and penetrated the Tigers defense.
“We told them if they are in a zone we were going to run a specific play and if they were in man we were going to go four corners with Matt Hvisdak in the middle and just let them create. We put Matt in the middle and let them make a decision,” Rockets coach Matt Olson explained.
“When I came up I was thinking everybody got out of the middle. They gave me the drive right through the middle,” Hvisdak added.
As Hzisdak drove, they dished the ball off to their cousin Nate Solak. The ball was tipped by a Tiger player, but not enough that Solak couldn't grab it and throw up a shot from under the left side of the basket as the buzzer rang, sending the visiting Rockets and their fans into elation.
“Once I got through those first two defenders in the 2-3, I had the option to either float it up or kick it out. I was going to go up and then I saw out of the corner of my eye Nate coming and just dished it off,” Hvisdak described their assist.
“Matt always does a good job of beating their guy so I knew they were going to beat him. I was waiting to creep in at the last second. Once Matt beat them I just crept in and the ball was tipped but it found me,” Solak added.
The winning basket was set up after the Rockets Jake Rotz connected on a basket with just 1:25 remaining in the contest to tie the game up. The two teams exchanged the lead eight times in the fourth quarter before Solak's bucket at the end of the contest.
It appeared that the Rockets were going to win in a more handily fashion early on in the contest as they raced out to a 14-7 lead, and held a 17-10 lead at the conclusion of the first quarter. But the Tigers roared back as they tied the game at 27 when Tigers senior John Ritter hit the first of two foul shots at the 1:47 mark. They would also convert the second shot which gave the Tigers a 28-27 lead at the intermission.
The Tigers switched from playing man-to-man defense to start the game, to go into the 2-3 zone which caused the Rockets to try to hit from the outside. While the Rockets hit only 3 of 13 shots from the floor, the Tigers started to pour the ball inside to their two big men in Shane Eynon and Ritter helping them to come back in the game.
“They are tough,” Tigers coach Steven French said of their two big men Eynon and Ritter. “They do anything we ask. They battled inside and it was a tough man's game in there today.”
“It was a lot more physical than I expected,” Rockets Alex Mamula-Zarlingo admitted of the play. “We were preparing for this all week at practice obviously because they have two big guys and they have two big guys. I just know if Jake (Rotz) and I played our game we would be fine in the end.”
“We played some zone against them the first time with some success. Not the 2-3, but we thought we could go back and mix it up a little bit, and it worked,” French remarked. “We slowed them down. It was a good defensive effort.”
The two teams battled back and forth starting the second half as the Rockets went ahead 31-30 at the 6:09 mark of the third period following an amazing behind their back, no-look pass from Hvisdak to Joe Ballone who hit an uncontested layup. But unfortunately for the Rockets, their key big man inside Jake Rotz picked up their fourth foul, causing them to sit for several minutes of the game.
“They started getting second chance rebounds, offensive rebounds that hurt us. That's where they got a lot of their points,” Olson remarked. “We need Jake and Alex in the game, especially against this team since they are as big as we are.”
“At that point, I was thinking, for the most part, don't go up for a shot but then again don't give them an easy layup. I'd rather they shot free throws then easy layups,” Mamula-Zarlingo said.
When Eynon converted two foul shots at the 1:17 mark of the third quarter, the Tigers held a 4-point, 38-34 lead at the end of the third stanza. That set up the thrilling final period with the two teams battling back and forth.
On the night, Solak led the Rockets in the scorebook with 13 points while Alex Mamula-Zarlingo added 12. Mamula-Zarlingo also had a dominating night on the boards as they grabbed 11 caroms.
The Tigers were led by John Ritter with a game-high 19 points, while Evan Ohlin and Drew Clark each contributed 10 points apiece. Ritter led the Tigers in rebounds as they grabbed 10.
“If we play our best basketball we feel that we can compete with anybody”, Olson said of their team after the victory.
What should be on the new calendar? Pets or kids?
Choice Pets Kids 12 and younger
Business News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: peacefmonline.com
2017-10-07
Managing Editor of the Insight newspaper, Kwesi Pratt Jnr
Managing Editor of the Insight newspaper, Kwesi Pratt Jnr. has appealed to the Akufo-Addo administration to review the fuel price hikes.
Peacefmonline.com checks indicate that fuel prices have increased about three times since inception of the NPP government in January this year.
By September 2017, petrol is reportedly selling at an average of GHC 4.29 at the pumps and diesel selling for an average price of GHC 4.23 per litre.
Following the increases, bus and taxi drivers have complained bitterly pleading with the government to reduce the prices to ease their situation.
They have also threatened a nationwide protest next week if the government fails to heed their demands.
Addressing the issue on Peace FM's ‘Kokrokoo', Mr. Pratt empathized with the drivers saying the fuel price hikes are a burden on consumers, particularly drivers, in the country and if not adjusted will affect the livelihood of the consumers.
They urged the government to pay attention to the drivers' grievances since any action by them would affect the economy.
They noted that should the drivers embark on a demonstration, commuters and workers will have difficulties getting to the destinations.
Mr. Pratt therefore has asked the government to negotiate with fuel consumers to reach a consensus.
Three Mexican film students who went missing in March in Guadalajara, in the state of Jalisco were kidnapped, tortured and killed, and their bodies were dissolved in acid, authorities said Monday.
State prosecutors said criminals confused them with members of a rival gang.
The grim news led to outrage and strong sentiments on social media from ordinary Mexicans as well as from Academy Award winning director Guillermo del Toro, who is a native of Guadalajara.
“Words can't explain the dimension of this madness. 3 students are killed and dissolved in acid. The "why" is unthinkable, the "how" is terrifying,” they tweeted.
Del Toro, whose film "The Shape of Water" won for Best Picture, joined thousands of Mexicans who have been protesting for over a month and calling for help via the Twitter hashtags #NoSonTresSomosTodxs (which means "we're not three, it's all of us") and #LosTresEstudiantesDeCine (which means "the three film students").
Javier Salomón Aceves Gastélum, Daniel Díaz, and Marco Ávalo were last seen on March 19 in the municipality of Tonala. The three aspiring filmmakers from Universidad de Medios Audiovisuales (CAAV), a film school located in Guadalajara, Jalisco, were there filming a class project during their Spring Break. Díaz had crutches and Salomón had brought along their girlfriend, their cousin Alejandra and a friend of hers.
According to Jalisco state prosecutors, their car broke down during the trip and were later kidnapped by at least six people who tortured and killed them.
“Subsequently their bodies were dissolved in acid so that no trace of them remained,” the state prosecutors office said.
State prosecutor Raul Sanchez said that two people had been arrested so far in the investigation.
Prosecutors said the youths were confused with members of another gang by gunmen from the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG), which has become the most powerful in Mexico, according to U.S. authorities.
Criminal groups in Mexico often kidnap, torture, dismember and even dissolve their victims in acid and many of the remains are dumped in clandestine graves.
Relatives and friends of three missing students from the University of Audiovisual Media, take part in a demonstration in Guadalajara, Jalisco State, Mexico, Ulises Ruiz / AFP - Getty Images
The three film students join a longer list of young adults and other people who have gone missing in recent years.
As of Feb. 28th, over 5,000 people went missing in Jalisco. As reported by a local publication, 36 percent of all people missing are between 16 and 28 years old — meaning that a third of all the disappeared in Jalisco are young people like Javier Salomón, Marco Ávalo and Daniel Díaz.
In 2014, the case of the 43 missing student teachers in the southern state of Guerrero gained national attention after a group of nearly 100 students from the Ayotzinapa Teacher's College were ambushed by local police on September 26 of that year — leaving six dead and 43 missing.
The case sparked massive protests in Mexico and internationally, as well as calls for the Mexican Government to investigate what happened. The government said they were kidnapped by police who handed them over to a criminal group that killed them and burned their bodies.
The families of the 43 are still demanding answers in that case to this day.
International observers objected to the government's investigation and the case shook the administration of President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has seen their popularity decline sharply amid corruption allegations and a spike in violence.
More than 25,000 people were murdered last year in Mexico. Homicides hit their highest level in records going back 20 years.
Declaring a success in Syria, Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the war-ravaged country and announced a partial pullout of their forces.
The Russian president's visit draws a symbolic line under a campaign that has shored up Bashar al-Assad's government. It is also the first visit by a foreign head of state to Syria since the nation's bloodletting began nearly seven years ago.
Their brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt comes days after the Russian president declared their bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote, helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia's revived global clout and prestige.
A Russian Su-24 bomber passes by a portrait of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad at Hemeimeem air base. Sergei Chirikov / EPA file
It also follows the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army under the Russian air cover routed the Islamic State in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the border with Iraq.
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, Putin hailed their valor. "You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier," they said.
The Hemeimeem base, in the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
In a speech to the troops, Putin said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria.
"Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you," Putin said. They added that "if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen."
Vladimir Putin with Assad (center) and Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu. Michael Klimentyev / AFP - Getty Images
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane, embracing and shaking hands with Assad at the air base.
Later, Putin arrived in Cairo for talks with their Egyptian counterpart on their two countries' rapidly expanding ties.
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi gave Putin an official reception at Cairo's airport.
Since taking office in 2014, el-Sissi has bought billions of dollars' worth of Russian weapons, including fighter jets and assault helicopters.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
BRUSSELS — A Belgian court on Monday found 2015 Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam and an accomplice guilty of attempted murder over shots fired at police as they sought to avoid arrest in Brussels.
Salah Abdeslam. AFP - Getty Imagesnull
The court handed both Abdeslam, Europe's most wanted fugitive at the time, and Sofiane Ayari the maximum 20-year sentence.
It said the "terror character" was clearly established in the March 2016 shooting, four months after the Paris attacks that killed 130. Abdeslam was close to being arrested in a hideout when they and Ayari fled while another man sprayed gunfire at police and was killed. Three officers were wounded.
Their lawyer Sven Mary said it remains to be seen whether Abdeslam will seek to appeal their sentence. They have 30 days to decide. Mary insisted it is unclear whether Abdeslam themselves had fired shots at officers trying to break into the hideout.
"If there is doubt, they should have been let go, it's that simple," Mary said.
Abdeslam attended the opening day of the trial in February but has refused to cooperate since.  They are being held in a French prison. Ayari was also absent.
It is unclear when Abdeslam will face trial over the Paris attacks but it is expected to take several years.
Ayari is a Tunisian who fought with the Islamic State group for a year before heading to Europe. By the time they and Abdeslam began hiding in the upstairs apartment in central Brussels, police had raided more than a dozen locations in Belgium with little to show for it.
On the afternoon of March 15, 2016, they battered down yet another door. This time, it was to the staccato of an assault rifle. An ISIS fighter opened fire on the officers, who had only service weapons, while Abdeslam and Ayari darted onto a rooftop, broke into a neighboring apartment and escaped, authorities said.
The fugitives left behind a Kalashnikov, ammunition clips, a cellphone and a tunic — their DNA was everywhere, according to court testimony.
Three days after the shooting spree, Abdeslam was captured in Brussels. Four days after that, extremists struck in the Belgian capital, killing 32 people in bomb attacks at the airport and on the subway system.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Overcoming Back Pain: New Doctor Recommendations 1:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Patients with lower back pain should try heat wraps and exercise first, and prescription drugs should be used only as a last resort, a leading doctors' group said Monday.
New guidelines from the American College of Physicians detail just what works and what doesn't for lower back pain, which affects a quarter of Americans at any given time.
"Given that most patients with acute or subacute low back pain improve over time regardless of treatment, clinicians and patients should select nonpharmacologic treatment with superficial heat massage, acupuncture, or spinal manipulation," the American College of Physicians says in its new guidance.
A woman rubs their lower back. Tom Merton / Getty Images, file
It may be a big change for many doctors, who often turn to pills first for patients who are in pain.
"For patients with chronic low back pain, [the] American College of Physicians (ACP) recommends non-drug therapy first," the organization says in the new guidelines, published in the Annals of Internal medicine.
Heat wraps, massage and exercise can all help, the group said.
Related: Acupuncture Can Help Some Back Pain
"Exercise, multidisciplinary rehabilitation, acupuncture, mindfulness-based stress reduction, tai chi, yoga, motor control exercise, progressive relaxation, electromyography biofeedback, low level laser therapy, operant therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and spinal manipulation are shown to improve symptoms with little risk of harm," it adds.
"ACP emphasizes that physical therapies should be administered by providers with appropriate training."
“ Physicians should consider opioids as a last option for treatment and only in patients who have failed other therapies.”
If none of those helps, then over-the-counter drugs such as ibuprofen or naproxen can be tried, the group says. Acetaminophen, the active ingredient in Tylenol, has been shown in several studies to do little to help back pain, it added.
Only if nothing else works and the patient is still in debilitating pain should a doctor try prescription drugs, the ACP says.
"Physicians should consider opioids as a last option for treatment and only in patients who have failed other therapies, as they are associated with substantial harms, including the risk of addiction or accidental overdose," said Dr. Nitin Damle, president of the ACP.
"Physicians should avoid prescribing unnecessary tests and costly and potentially harmful drugs, especially narcotics, for these patients."
Monica Afesi of New York says yoga worked for them
"I have had back pain for about 20 years, and it started off pretty mild," Afesi told NBC News.
"In their last six or seven years, it bothered me to the point where I had to go to chiropractors and get help that way," they said. "I have trouble bending over to feed my cats. I have trouble picking up my keys if I drop them at the door."
To their surprise, yoga helped. "If I'm feeling an onset of pain, I know I can come into class, take a class and every time I come into class and finish. I feel taller. I feel stronger. My spine feels longer."
That doesn't surprise Alison West, director of Yoga Union Back Care and Scoliosis Center in New York.
"The number one cause of lower back pain is poor posture and poor sitting," West told NBC News.
“ If it works, you'll know relatively soon for low back pain.”
The evidence backing yoga to help back pain is not strong. But there are many different types of yoga, and West said the instructor is important.
"We often hear people being told they should just do yoga to help their back, and that can be problematic, because we have had students come to us saying the yoga practice did increase their problem," they said.
"That is not necessarily the fault of the yoga. It was just the wrong practice at that time for the problem the student might have had."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed April 2015: Study: Acetaminophen Ineffective for Back Pain 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Yoga should never hurt, West said.
"Pain should never be there, and in fact, our motto is 'no pain, no pain,'" they said. "No student should be forced into a pose."
West said patients should make sure yoga instructors are qualified and know about their back pain before they start.
Alternative therapies in general are worth trying, said Houman Danesh, director of Integrative Pain Management at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Evidence also backs the use of acupuncture.
"Overall, it's a very safe thing to at least try. And if it works, you'll know relatively soon for low back pain."
There is not enough evidence to show whether antidepressants, benzodiazepines (drugs that include Valium), anti-seizure medications or opioids even help lower back pain, the ACP said.
And there's some evidence showing that ultrasound and TENS (transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation) do little or nothing to help, the ACP said.
Migos and Drake have released a collaborative video for their Culture II collaboration “Walk It Talks It.” It's a parody of classic '70s Soul Train episodes, and features an appearance by Jamie Foxx as host Ron Delirious. There's lots of go-go dancing and roller skating, and an incredible fake mustache for Quavo, who attempts some Temptations-like moves. You'll have to stick around until about two-and-a-half minutes in to glimpse Drake's provocative ‘do. Previously, Migos released a video for the Pharrell-produced Culture II single “Stir Fry.” Watch the “Walk It Talks It” clip below.
Five key pieces of evidence led Hillsborough County deputies to a Riverview father who is now accused of killing their teenage daughter.
Legislatively Speaking
By Senator, Lena C. Taylor
The Biased Policing of Black Men
I have a son, Isaiah.  They are graduating from high school in June and by all accounts it should be a happy occasion for our family. Yet, I know that it marks a turning point in how America sees my child. By virtue of nothing more than their skin color, they are a threat, a suspect, a target, a statistic waiting to happen. This reality was personified in the recently released video of Milwaukee Buck's guard Sterling Brown and their interaction with members of the Milwaukee Police Department (MPD).
During what should have been a simple citation incident in January of 2018, the video depicts MPD Officers intentionally escalating a situation that led to Mr. Brown being surrounded by six to eight officers, taken to the ground, tased, and arrested. False police reports were written that said they were aggressive and physically combative. Frustratingly, that image was allowed to circulate in the public for nearly four months, while the MPD withheld body cam video that clearly contradicts the report written by the officers.
In the meantime, and at taxpayer expense, MPD made their own PR commercial to preempt the release of the Brown video. They have stood in front of an African-American congregation and asked them to stand by the police department through the challenges that lie ahead regarding Brown's mistreatment.
The leadership of the MPD could have easily and quickly denounced the behavior and said, “this is not who we are”. Instead, former Chief of Police Ed Flynn, interim Chief Jim Harpole, and acting Chief Alfonso Morales chose not to swiftly to address the abuse of power that took place, but chose to protect the reputation of the police department. Even in finally holding a press conference, Morales' tactics were pitiful. There were no questions answered, no video released before the conference, and no information about the discipline of the officers involved. All we got was an “I'm sorry.”
Was anybody sorry for Derek Williams, Terrill Thomas and countless others who have been treated improperly by law enforcement? In a statement, Brown said “Situations like mine and worse happen every day in the black community…. “I am speaking for Dontre Hamilton of Milwaukee, Laquan McDonald of Chicago, Stephon Clark of Sacramento, Eric Garner of New York, and the list goes on.
These people aren't able to speak any more because of unjust actions by those who are supposed to “serve and protect” people.”
We need police officers capable of doing their jobs in a fair and unbiased way that honors their shield and respects the community that they serve. We need elected and appointed officials, at every level of government, to use the full weight of their positions to create transparent, impartial, and accountable policing.
Meanwhile, my son has had their indoctrination into the policing of African-Americans. At 16, Isaiah was placed in the back of a MPD squad car, while running to deliver a holiday turkey to a neighbor. So, like many parents, as I celebrate their graduation, I worry about their future.
Rock Springs, WY – On August 11 you can get your fill of great Blues and microbrews at the annual Sweetwater Blues n' Brews Festival. Sweetwater Blues & Brews will take place in Bunning Park and admission is just $5. Proceeds benefit the Rock Springs Main Street/URA for ongoing downtown redevelopment projects.
Advertisement
This year's entertainment line-up includes:
12:30 p.m. – Morgan Whitney
1:30 p.m. – Chuck Dittman and Amy Rasdall
2:30 p.m. – WY5
3:30 p.m. – Liz Mandeville
4:30 p.m. – Morgan Whitney
5:30 p.m. – Chuck Dittman and Amy Rasdall
6:30 p.m. – WY5
7:30 p.m. – Liz Mandeville
8:30 p.m. – Bobby Messano & Broken Toys
Bobby Messano & Broken Toys
Bobby Messano & Broken Toys consists of Bobby Messano, Edmond Canova, and Brad Clancy.
Bobby Messano (Guitars/Vocals)
Bobby is a legendary guitarist and Contemporary Rock- Blues Artist who has released seven Solo CDs, placed songs in many TV and Cable shows and played on over 50 Major label and Indie albums. Their playing has been heard on everything from MTV jingles to Benny Mardones' smash hit “Into the Night”.
The celebrated guitarist has played on records by Clarence Clemmons, Franke & The Knockouts, Joe Lynn Turner and STARZ, and produced the 60's hit act, “THE SHADOWS OF KNIGHT”. They have played guitar and been the music director for Steve Winwood, Lou Gramm and Country artists Jimmy Wayne, Rodney Atkins and Steve Holy. Bobby has played or headlined BAMFEST, The Charleston Blues Festival, Smokin' In Steel, Summerfest, Charlotte Speed Street, Blues Brews & BBQ, Blues at The Beach, Bayfront Blues Festival, Deltaville Seafood Festival, Willow River Blues Fest, Ambassador Blues Fest, Colonial Beach Blues Festival, and Southern Maryland Blues Festival.
The guitarist's last six CD's (“Holdin' Ground”,” Bobby Messano Live in Madison”, “that's why I don't sing the blues “, “Welcome to Deltaville”, “Love & Money” and “Bad Movie”) have garnered 34 Grammy 1st Round ballots in 12 categories and airplay on almost every Blues show in the U.S., Canada, EU and the UK. “that's why I don't sing the blues” was on the American Blues Scene's Blues Top 5 Chart for 24 weeks and named 2012 TOP BLUES/ROCK ALBUM (USA) by Blues Underground Network.
Between 2012 and 2017, Bobby played over 550 shows in 32 states to over ¾ million people. On December 22nd, 2012, the artist was inducted into the “BLUES HALL OF FAME”. Their CD's are heard daily on “Sirius/XM's B.B. King's Bluesville and “LOVE & MONEY” which was released in April 2015 was nominated for a prestigious Blues Blast Award for “Best Rock-Blues Album”. It debuted on the Billboard Blues Chart at # 7, peaked at #1 and spent a total of nine weeks in the Top 10, and was #7 on the Billboard Heat Seekers Chart and Top 40 on the Billboard Rock and Indie Charts. “Love & Money” ended 2015 at #44 on the RMR end of year Chart.
Edmond Canova (Bass/Vocals)
Edmond has recorded on the studio releases of Bobby Messano, Todd Wolfe (Cheryl Crowe, Eric Clapton), Leslie West (Mountain, West Bruce & Lang) and Universal Dice. Ed has also shared the stage as a band member and special guest of Felix Cavaliere (Young Rascals), Larry Carlton, Noel Redding (Jimi Hendrix Experience), Larry Mitchell, Bobby Rondinelli (Blue Oyster Cult, Rainbow), Godfrey Townsend (Turtles, Alan Parsons), Vince Martell (Vanilla Fudge), Roger Earl (Foghat), Randy Jackson (Zebra), Badfinger, Paul Nelson (Johnny Winter) Andy Aledort (Dickey Betts Great Southern) and Mountain. They have performed in many venues including The Bottom Line, Humphreys by the Bay, Sellersville Theater, Boston Music Awards, Blues Music Awards, Long Island Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Inductions and the Turning Point. Their tours have included Summerfest, Hippiefest, Oysterfest and many Blues Festivals including Riverhead Blues Festival and Blues on The Chippewa. For the last three years, they have been an integral part of Bobby Messano's touring and recording and was a partner in the “BAD MOVIE” CD.
Brad Clancy (Drums/Vocals)
Originally from Washington DC/Baltimore, Brad started their musical career at age 16, playing club gigs with their brother's ID. After a few years of slugging it out locally, calls began coming in from acts such as Little Anthony & The Imperials, The Drifters, Marvelettes, Steve Allen (Tonight Show)' and several other “Motown” and oldies acts including Mary Wilson (The Supremes). Brad continued playing shows and continued their drumming education, studying with Jazz legend Joe Morello. Brad credits a large part of their ability to play varied styles to friend and teacher Paul Wilson (Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons). In 1990 a drunk driver sidelined Brad for several years while doctors performed many surgeries to repair the injuries. 1995 brought a move to Nashville where, although still undergoing physical repairs, Brad made significant headway into the Country Music scene. For a time, while rebuilding their left arm and hand, they took the position as frontman for “Bill Haley's Comets”. They have always joked about how tough it was to learn 19 songs on guitar in order to do the gig. Brad left the Comets and continued making their bones in Nashville with Ricky Van Shelton, David Ball, Doug Stone, Vern Gosdin, Buddy Jewell, Confederate Railroad, and many others. Brad made many appearances on the Grand Ole Opry with Little Jimmy Dickens, Porter Waggoner, Vince Gill and all of the asupervisorstioned artists.
BOBBY MESSANO & BROKEN TOYSare on the road supporting the current CD “BAD MOVIE” which was released on April 15, 2017, featuring songs by Bobby and co-writers Jon Tiven, Larry Weiss, Steve Kalinich and Queen founder Brian May. “BAD MOVIE” debuted at #1 on Sirius/XM BB King's Bluesville and has stayed in the Top 40 of the Roots Music Reports Blues/Rock chart since release. In November 2017, BAD MOVIE won a prestigious “Hollywood Music In Media Award” in Los Angeles and it ended up at #28 for the year on the RMR Blues Rock Chart.
Morgan Whitney
Soul. Country. Blues. In the heart of a girl who grew up dreaming of being a rock star. Morgan Whitney knew that they were meant for the stage at 6 years old, so they started on their path to being a performer. Them journey began, of course with… Journey, Queen, Led Zeppelin, etc., and the art of air guitar in a pre-teen's room. They began studying piano at first, then guitar, and finally their true love: vocals. Following in the footsteps of their big sis, they started songwriting at a young age. Them raw talent has taken them to many stages including Miss Utah and helped win their titles such as “Salt City Superstar” & “Miss Riverton”. They infect those whose path they cross with their rich, powerful, and gritty vocals that leave you wanting more.
Liz Mandeville
Liz Mandeville is an American vocalist, songwriter, and Chicago blues musician known for their versatile voice, high-voltage performances, insightful songs, and traditional blues guitar playing. They have written and produced hundreds of original songs, including the songs on their albums. They have received critical acclaim and has toured internationally. They own the record label Blue Kitty Music.
Mandeville has said they were most influenced by Muddy Waters and called Koko Taylor their idol,[9] but it was when they heard Luther Allison singing live that they knew the blues was their genre. Writer Karen Hanson described Mandeville's voice as sultry and wrote that they are a contemporary performer steeped in tradition. A critic for Illinois Blues called Mandeville's songwriting “great” and original. American Blues News reviewer Monica Yasher wrote that Mandeville is “known for their remarkably versatile voice, insightful songs, humorous onstage patter and deeply traditional guitar work” and is also “an accomplished Louisanna washboard player.” Earwig Music described Mandeville as “a high voltage performer and a red hot mama.” Mandeville was inducted into the Chicago Blues Hall of Fame in 2013.
Chuck Dittman and Amy Rasdall
Singer, songwriter Chuck Dittman is a local musician. He's been playing professionally in the area for thirty years. Chuck plays a variety of music and draws primarily on blues and jazz for their own music as well as interpretations of classic blues, rock, and folk music.
A native of Maine, Amy Rasdall began their career in music at the age of 10. Them father worked extra jobs so that they could buy them a guitar for Christmas in 1987, and they have been playing ever since.
From 1995 to 1999 they attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts, where they earned a Bachelor of Music in Music Business Management. This degree track earned Amy many jobs and internships, such as the role of President of Heavy Rotation Records and President of the Music Business Association at Berklee. After graduating, they went on to work for PKA Management in Boston where they were the Executive Assistant to President Keith Garde (former co-manager of Aerosmith). The company was a consultant to Aerosmith and personal management team to Rockapella, Luxx and Brand New Immortals.
Monetarily and physically, they needed to take time off from the music scene, as Hollywood had taken its toll. After moving to Wyoming, recharging for a decade and starting a family, they returned in 2009 with their brand Sick Like Me. Amy founded the record label of the same name in 2012 and released their first EP entitled “The Drum Cave Sessions” in April of 2013, enlisting other Berklee Alumni as key performers on their recordings. Them instrumental song “All 9 of Us” appeared on the nationally-aired reality TV show “Gearheads” in March of 2014.
Currently, Amy has turned their business – Sick Like Me Music, LLC – into a production, promotion and management company geared toward representing local and regional music.
Amy is an Elite member of GoGirlsMusic.com and is also a member of the Songwriting and Music Business Community headed by Amanda Williams out of Nashville, TN.
WY5
For the last two years, the band WY5 has been entertaining audiences in Southwest Wyoming with their eclectic blend of blues, rock, pop, funk, and even a bit of country music. Playing a variety of venues, events, and festivals, this group aims to please by making sure that every listener will hear a song that appeals to their individual taste in music.
A huge part of this band's success is owed to the talent of the members. WY5 has assembled a group of some of the finest musicians in the State of Wyoming, each expert on their respective instruments and devoted to giving audiences a fantastic show. The lineup includes Jessica Yerkovich on vocals, Joe Barbuto on the keyboard, Cliff Wittstruck on guitar, Dave Jensen on Bass, and Michael Weiss on drums.
Commemorative Sweetwater Blues & Brews pint glasses will be available for purchase at the event for $20 each and include 3 free beers. Additional beer tickets are available for $5 each or 5 for $20.
Sweetwater Blues n' Brews is produced by the Rock Springs Main Street/URA with support from YAP (Young and Professional) and the Sweetwater County Travel and Tourism Board.
The Rock Springs Main Street/URA is charged with the redevelopment of Downtown Rock Springs. For more information contact the Rock Springs Main Street/URA at 307-352-1434 or visit their website at DowntownRS.com
Gail Eddy, Nederland. If you have been reading my posts for any length of time, you know that my biggest bug a boo is privacy. Second, of course, is security. In hopes that others will want to learn a little about privacy, I've searched the interwebs for some of the best articles out there right now about why online privacy on your electronic devices is important.
As Marsha Blackburn of US News and World Report says: “Online privacy is an issue that continues to rightfully concern Americans. According to research by IBM, over ninety percent of the world's data has been generated in the last two years alone. The explosion of smartphones and internet-connected devices has Americans utilizing online services to do everything from grocery shopping to tracking their health. However, increased reliance on online services has made Americans more conscious about how they share sensitive personal information…”
Who else uses their phone for everything from buying coffee to checking Facebook to tracking steps? That's a lot of info that goes out into the “cloud”. Is it safe?
It's important to remember that the onus is on you to keep your own data secure as these people who sued Facebook found out. They thought that once they had logged out of Facebook, it should not be able to track their browsing history. In this article, the Judge presiding over the case said no.
“Judge dismisses lawsuit accusing Facebook of tracking users' activity, saying responsibility was on plaintiffs to keep browsing history private. …. US district judge Edward Davila in San Jose, California, dismissed the case because they said that the plaintiffs failed to show that they had a reasonable expectation of privacy or suffered any realistic economic harm or loss. …. Davila said that plaintiffs could have taken steps to keep their browsing histories private…”
Alfred Ng reports in c|net that some of the bargain phones are sending info to a server in China.
“People have enough to worry about when it comes to privacy on their personal devices. Between government surveillance and security vulnerabilities, preinstalled software on the phone itself is an unexpected breach of both trust and privacy for millions of owners who are just looking for an inexpensive phone. ….. Having access to the command and control channel — a communications route between your device and a server — allowed Adups to execute commands as if it's the user, meaning it could also install apps, take screenshots, record the screen, make calls and wipe devices without needing permission.”
Privacy has become such an issue that the Supreme Court has agreed to hear a case later this year. An article in Reuters describes much of the case.
“The case reaches the high court amid growing scrutiny of the surveillance practices of U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies amid concern among lawmakers across the political spectrum about civil liberties and police evading warrant requirements.
The legal fight has raised questions about how much companies protect the privacy rights of their customers. The big four wireless carriers, Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, and Sprint, receive tens of thousands of requests a year from law enforcement for what is known as “cell site location information,” or CSLI. The requests are routinely granted.
The Supreme Court has twice in recent years ruled on major cases concerning how criminal law applies to new technology, on each occasion ruling against law enforcement. In 2012, the court held that a warrant is required to place a GPS tracking device on a vehicle. Two years later, the court said police need a warrant to search a cellphone that is seized during an arrest.
Civil liberties lawyers have said that police need “probable cause,” and therefore a warrant, in order to avoid constitutionally unreasonable searches.”
Chris Eddy of Geek For Hire, Inc. has been providing computer service to families and small businesses with Mac's and PC's for the past fifteen years. Their company is highly rated by both the BBB (Better Business Bureau) and by Angie's List. You can find more on our website, or give us a call 303-618-0154. Geek For Hire, Inc. provides onsite service (Tier 3) to the Denver / Boulder / Front Range area as well as remote service throughout North America. You can see all the links on our website: http://geekforhireinc.com/4-articles-about-online-privacy/
Nine's night in the metros (and in a couple of important demos), Seven's in the regions. Masterchef Australia was a lonely beacon of quality with 1.2 million national viewers. But Nine's AFL Footy Show had another poor night with just 293,000 national viewers, of which 236,000 were in the metros and 159,000 were in Melbourne (155,000 last week). The 7.30pm lead-in Britain's Got Talent had over 900,000 national viewers, including 211,000 in Melbourne. The Footy Show lost a quarter of those from 9pm. Hook it, it is a waste of time and money. In NRL markets Nine showed yet another episode of its biggest loser for 2017, Last Resort, at 9pm. It could only manage 226,000 nationally, with 87,000 of those in Sydney (and just 144,000 in the metros). Britain's Got Talent had 207,000 in Sydney as the lead-in, so Last Resort was rejected by more than half that audience. They were good TV judges.
In regional markets it was Seven News again with 716,000 people, followed by Seven News/Today Tonight with 563,000, then Home and Away with 532,000 and Border Security and the 5.30pm part of the Chase Australia equal on 444,000.
News Breakfast's national audience topped the 290,000 mark for the first time in ages, with 101,000 watching on ABC News (News 24) — the terrible London fire seems to have been the reason. Oddly though, while Today did OK in the metros with 287,000, its regional audience fell sharply to just 94,000, while Sunrise had 249,000 in the regions — and 293,000 in the metros. Sunrise all up had 542,000 national viewers and Today a very low 381,000.
Tonight the latest series of The Family Law starts on SBS — watch it. Seven has Geelong against the Weagles from Perth.
Network channel share:
Nine (27.7%) Seven (26.5%) Ten (19.7%) ABC (19.0%) SBS (7.0%)
Network main channels:
Nine (19.3%) Seven (18.6%) Ten (14.1%) ABC (13.1%) SBS ONE (4.9%)
Top 5 digital channels:
Gem (3.5%) 7TWO (3.2%) ABC 2, Eleven (2.9%) 7mate, ONE (2.8%)
Top 10 national programs:
Seven News — 1.887 million Seven News/Today Tonight — 1.669 million Nine/NBN News — 1.412 million Nine/NBN News (6.30pm) — 1.335 million Home and Away (Seven) — 1.310 million A Current Affair (Nine) — 1.245 million Masterchef Australia (Ten) — 1.200 million 7pm ABC News — 1.175 million Border Security (Seven) — 1.150 million The Chase Australia 5.30pm, (Seven) — 1.119 million
Top metro programs:
Seven News — 1.171 million Seven News/Today Tonight — 1.106 million Nine News — 1.101 million Nine News 6.30 — 1.026 million
Losers: Just a weak night overall, but Masterchef stood out.
Metro news and current affairs:
Seven News — 1.171 million Seven News/Today Tonight — 1.106 million Nine News — 1.101million Nine News (6.30pm) — 1.026 million A Current Affair (Nine) – 910,000 ABC News — 814,000 The Project 7pm (Ten) — 635,000 7.30 (ABC) — 562,000 Ten News — 522,000 The Project 6.30pm (Ten) — 467,000
Morning TV:
Sunrise (Seven) – 542,000 Today (Nine) – 382,000 News Breakfast (ABC 1, 190,000 + 101,000 on News 24) — 291,000 The Morning Show (Seven) — 257,000 Today Extra (Nine) — 182,000 Studios 10 (Ten) — 131,000
Top five pay TV channels:
TVHITS (3.1%) Sky News (2.0%) Fox8, Nick Jr (1.9%) UKTV, LifeStyle (1.7%)
Top five pay TV programs:
AFL: 360 (Fox Footy) — 72,000 Wentworth (showcase) — 56,00 Peppa Pig (Nick Jr) — 52,000 NRL: 360 (Fox League) —49,000 Paul Murray Live (Sky News), Shimmer and Shine (Nick Jr) — 48,000
*Data © OzTAM Pty Limited 2013. The data may not be reproduced, published or communicated (electronically or in hard copy) in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of OzTAM. (All shares on the basis of combined overnight 6pm to midnight all people.) and network reports.
Bank of America reported a 44 percent rise in quarterly profit as higher interest rates bulked up earnings from loans and an increase in trading boosted revenue.
Continue Reading Below
The second-largest U.S. bank said net income attributable to shareholders rose to $4.35 billion in the three months ended March 31 from $3.02 billion a year earlier.
Earnings per share rose to 41 cents per share from 28 per share.
Analysts on average had expected earnings of 35 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. It was not immediately clear if the reported figures were comparable.
Total revenue, net of interest expense, rose 7 percent to $22.25 billion.
“We saw good client activity in our balanced portfolio of businesses … The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that,” Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said in a statement.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The Charlotte, North Carolina-based bank's shares were up about 1 percent at $23.05 in premarket trading.
Big U.S. banks have been vitalized by increased market activity prompted by the so-called “Trump trade”. They have also benefited from higher interest rates, which the U.S. Federal Reserve has indicated will be raised again this year.
Interest rates were hiked in December and March – a 0.25 percentage point uptick in each case – marking only the second and third raise in seven years, after being kept stagnantly near zero.
Bank of America relies heavily on higher interest rates to maximize profits as it has a large stock of deposits and rate-sensitive mortgage securities.
Higher interest rates increased the amount of money banks can earn from their various loans, known as net interest income. BofA made $11.06 billion as net interest income in the quarter, up 5.5 percent from a year earlier.
JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup last week also reported better-than-expected quarterly profit, driven by increased trading activity.
Excluding special items, the bank's trading activities brought in $4 billion, a 21.2 percent rise.
Revenue from fixed-income trading surged about 29 percent, while equity trading revenue rose about 7 percent, boosted by volatility around the Fed's interest rate hikes.
Bank of America posted record investment banking fees of $1.6 billion.
The lender's non-interest expenses was nearly flat at $14.85 million.
Moynihan said last year they would make trimming costs a top priority and would shrink annual expenses by about an additional $5 billion by 2018.
Up to Monday's close, the bank's stock had risen about 34 percent since President Trump's election on Nov. 8.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru and Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
The violence in Charlotesville is reigniting the debate across the country over Confederate era monuments.
Most counties in the Tri-State have at least one type of monument.
Daviess County Judge-Executive Al Mattingly tells us that it really hasn't been an issue in this community. Mattingly says there was one inquiry back in 2012 after a newspaper article brought attention to the statue.
They say one national group showed up, but the issue fizzled out.
This statue has been on the Daviess County Courthouse lawn for over a century. Mattingly tells us when it was installed, the Grand Army of the Republic was offered a chance to sponsor a memorial like this for Union soldiers. They say they declined at the time. Mattingly says this Confederate statue serves as a historic reminder.
"You know, too many people try to rewrite history to begin with, and I think you go a bridge too far when you do that," explained Mattingly. "As I said before, I think when you start to deny what happened in the past then you're doomed, you're doomed to relive that past. And there's some of the past that I don't want to relive."
Mattingly tells us that the county has no intention to remove the statue at this time. They say anyone who is concerned can call them or the fiscal court.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
LUTH, Airtel fete volunteers on World Blood Donor Day
The Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH) and Airtel Nigeria yesterday commemorated the World Blood Donor Day by feting blood donors who came forward voluntarily for the campaign to save the lives of thousands of patients.
Employees of the network provider and LUTH workers led the blood donation campaign to bring relief to patients while calling on Nigerians to voluntarily and freely donate their blood to save the lives of others.
Head of Hematology and Blood Transfusion at LUTH, Prof. Suleiman Akanmu, who kicked off the exercise yesterday at the LUTH auditorium in Idi-Araba, said the donation demonstrates the volunteers' dedication to saving lives. They said the donated blood could be used on any patient that is in critical need of it, especially accident victims.
They lamented that very few Nigerians walk into health centres to donate blood without any remuneration. “At the LUTH donor recruitment centre, the first thing we usually ask a prospective donor is whether he/she is donating to save lives or donating to get money in return? People who collect money before donating are known as blood touts or commercial donors.”
Dr. Adewunmi said: “Blood touting is outlawed in all federal and state teaching hospitals, but we still find them operating in corners, which has caused a high demand for commercial donors.”
Mrs. Bolanle Tijani, said regular blood donation improves the donor's cardiovascular health. “A consistent blood donor is likely to have lowered risk of cancer in the liver, lungs, stomach and the colon. I started donating since 2005, twice a year and I feel elated at each opportunity.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Elgin City striker Shane Sutherland has picked up the Scottish League Two Player of the Month for January. The former Peterhead forward scored six times to take their tally for the season to 17 league goals as Jim Weir's men notched up three wins and a draw. Elgin kicked off the month with a 2-2 draw against leaders Forfar then beat Montrose (3-0), Annan Athletic (3-2) and Edinburgh City (3-1) to strengthen their grip on third place.
Sutherland said: " I'm delighted. Awards like this are always welcome any time they come along. It's nice to get noticed by the people out there watching the games and I think my form this season has been good so I'm pleased. I won this award in January last year when I was at Peterhead - I'm not sure why but I seem to play well after Christmas. Of course, the team has played well overall but I suppose to get six goals and three assists is pretty good going and I'll be doing all I can to ensure it continues. "
Meanwhile, the equivalent manager of the month prize for League Two goes to Gary Bollan after steering Forfar Athletic through the month unbeaten. The League Two leaders beat Annan Athletic, Edinburgh City and Cowdenbeath and drew with Elgin City and Stirling Albion and are on a nine-game unbeaten run. They are now 11 points clear of second-placed Arbroath, as they prepare to welcome Elgin to Station Park on Saturday.
Bollan, who was also Manager of the Month in both August and September, said: " I'd be lying if I said it wasn't nice to win this award multiple times this season but there's a lot of hard work goes on in the background beyond me. I couldn't do it on my own and it's a whole effort by the club. Myself, the backroom team, the physios and the board of directors has put everything in place to help me build a quality squad and the volunteers at the club have been sensational. They put in so much work and effort behind the scenes and they raise a lot of the money that comes in and help us to budget for the season. We try and repay them by winning games. "
Puerto Rico's new governor has been sworn in as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis.
Ricardo Rossello was sworn on Monday and proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis. Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence.
Rossello also aims to boost public-private partnerships and use that revenue to save a retirement system that faces a $40 billion deficit. Rossello has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created to oversee Puerto Rico's finances. They said they support negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $70 billion public debt.
Long before Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico, the island was facing its own monetary maelstrom.
The territory is now in its 11th year of recession, and has $74 billion in debt. And, while many of the factors that led to this are years in the making, some of them are down to the simple fact that Puerto Rico is an island, subject to special rules, and caught somewhere between the status of an independent country and a state.
Are those same factors at play in the scope of the island's devastation? Would a more stable economy have fared better in the path of a Category 4 hurricane?
President Donald Trump seemed to indicate so, when they broke their five-day silence on Puerto Rico's post-Hurricane Maria devastation by tweeting out reminders of the country's debt load and inadequate infrastructure.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Puerto Rico Facing Humanitarian Crisis After Maria 1:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Critics assailed the remarks as tone deaf, and Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz of San Juan, Puerto Rico's capital, said it was wrong to mix the issues of the island's worthiness for aid with its longstanding fiscal quagmire.
But if the territory's economic issues are to a degree self-inflicted, it is perhaps the result of inefficient governance from Washington, D.C.
Unmonitored Debt
Despite a massive real estate slump that dated back to 2006, Puerto Rico's government continued to issue balanced budgets for many more years — but its tax revenues fell short of forecasts. Puerto Rico tried to borrow its way out of the hole, in part by issuing debt in the form of bonds. With their high yields and unique tax-exempt status, these bonds attracted mutual and hedge funds. They also drew ordinary investors such as retirees and ordinary Puerto Ricans. Investors liked the potential payoff and believed Puerto Rico would eventually recover.
Successive governors tried to "borrow from Peter to pay Paul," taking out loans to sunset old debts and keep the system running.
Related: This Dated Law Is Worsening Puerto Rico's Crisis
"Puerto Rico hid its fiscal problems in order to try to borrow its way out. Through ever more creative ways it continued to borrow and build up its debt," Brad Setser, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, an independent, non-partisan think tank, told NBC News. "But its efforts to disguise its weakening underlying fiscal position ended up digging itself into a deeper hole."
The wheels began to fall off in 2014 when the island's credit rating was downgraded by ratings agencies, cutting off its access to new credit. In 2015, the governor declared its debts "unpayable." It began missing some interest payments.
Now the power company is effectively bankrupt, with a reported at least $9 billion in debt and no money for upgrades. It was already struggling to find $4 billion to upgrade its old power plants. Now it must deal with 80 percent of its power lines being toppled.
Last year, the country signed a "Memorandum of Understanding" to combat the effects of climate change, including boosting resilience to rising sea levels and flooding and to regulate land development that could contribute to erosion. But it's unknown whether they followed through with them and sections of certain communities had already fallen into the water due to rising sea levels even before Maria hit.
And years of deferred maintenance from a government that had prioritized dealing with the debt crisis left other key parts of the infrastructure like electrical, water, sewer and gas lines less prepared to cope with the onslaught.
When the local utility updated some pipes recently, older ones exploded, unable to deal with the increased pressure.
Free Trade
Macroeconomic forces have also added to the country's woes. The country imports oil for nearly all of its energy production and was hit hard from 2005 to 2012 when oil prices doubled. Following the United States' free trade agreements with Latin American and Caribbean states, Puerto Rico's manufacturing sector has faced higher competition.
Repeal of a Key Tax Initiative
Lucrative tax breaks drew scores of pharmaceutical companies to deploy manufacturing plants on the island. They provided needed jobs but their use of global supply chains limited the washover benefit to local economies and bred dependence on outside businesses. When the U.S. started to phase out the key tax break, plant closures and layoffs followed, with little entrepreneurial ecosystem to fall back on.
Dependence on the Mainland
Because Puerto Rico is not a state, it doesn't have representation in Congress. It's dependent on others in Washington for aid and governance. This means it doesn't get a say in important laws but can be affected by the ones passed there. For instance, it's subject to the Federal minimum wage of $7.25 even though local income and productivity are much lower. Critics argue that this discourages low business develop and entrepreneurship.
Perhaps this is why the government is full of red tape and duplicative offices: it gives people a job. In Puerto Rico the government is the largest employer, representing about 26 percent of the total workforce.
The island is rife with bureaucratic disarray and lengthy permitting processes that ties up projects and delays new business development. According to a 2016 Reuters investigation, one would-be entrepreneur ditched their plans for building an assisted living facility because of five-year waits to permits. Just to work a single food festival requires "mountains" of government forms.
Related: Mass Exodus Feared from Puerto Rico Amid Escalating Crisis
But cleaning it up is no easy matter.
"It's hard to say 'we're going to fire all the people who work in bureaucracies because they're no longer needed,'" Salim Furth, a research fellow at the right-leaning Heritage Foundation think tank, told NBC News.
"I think you should let the dust settle before pointing out someone's lousy policies," they added. "Their politicians are aware of the problems but have a hard time addressing them because there are a lot of entrenched interest groups."
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer pleaded guilty today in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the 55-year-old former investment dealer three years of probation.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when they failed to return home after telling their family they were going out for a bike ride.
They surrendered to police in April 2017 and their whereabouts while they were missing haven't been explained.
Here are President Donald Trump's full remarks Monday, when they condemned hate groups such as the KKK "repugnant." The speech came two days after the president was hit with widespread criticism for not more clearly denouncing the deadly violence, but rather speaking out against "many sides" involved.
Thank you. I'm in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it's about time.
Our economy is now strong. The stock market continues to hit record highs, unemployment is at a 16-year low, and businesses are more optimistic than ever before. Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them. We have already created over one million jobs since I took office.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Trump's Updated Response to Charlottesville Attack 3:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon, but, based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.
As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before: No matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry, and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.
Two days ago, a young American woman, Heather Heyer, was tragically killed. Them death fills us with grief, and we send their family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love.
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community, their commonwealth, and their country. Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America, and our hearts go out to their families, their friends, and every member of American law enforcement.
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character: responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.
As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans, and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in their souls.
Thank you. God bless you. And God blesses America. Thank you very much.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 70 45 17 8 98 235 179 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Florida 69 35 27 7 77 210 216 Montreal 72 26 34 12 64 182 230 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 Columbus 72 39 28 5 83 200 199 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Columbus at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
It's not just the players that will be making headlines at this weekend World Sevens Series tournament. Most of the crowd turned out in costumes, which is a tradition that dates back more than a decade.
They say that if you don't turn out in a costume, then you may as well head home.
Rugby reporter and comical writer Jamie Wall (Ngāti Tūwharetoa) says, “It's just a whole change of atmosphere, it looks like everyone's responded, and it looks like they're ready to have a good time.”
Wall, who has now hung up their costume, put away the beers in favour of a laptop and bottle of water has been to every Sevens event since it started back in Wellington in 2000.
They recall, “One that springs to mind [are] blokes that dressed as Borat one year, that was pretty cool I thought.”
“I think for a lot of girls it's a chance to wear something they wouldn't normally get to do [or wear], which is really cool.”
It may be a different venue, but it still holds the same traditions of Wellington. Amongst the many are Smurfs, Break-dancers, and William Wairua.
During the interview, Wall was greeted by patrons, with one man rocking a Hawaiian shirt, “Well, I'm looking at a bloke who is dressed as Tom Selleck from Magnum P.I, which is always a good option.”
Walls advice to those wishing to attend in a costume.
“Dress for the weather. It looks like it's going to be warm, so try and wear a singlet or something like that.”
“Make people laugh, but also make people feel comfortable.”
“Respect other people's costumes, you see something that excites you a little bit, just remember, stay respectful, and number four just have a good time.”
“Educators report widespread use of Juul in school bathrooms, hallways and even classrooms,” the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids said in a statement.
The FDA is not going that far but said it would try to stop sales to minors.
“First, we're announcing that the FDA has been conducting a large-scale, undercover nationwide blitz to crack down on the sale of e-cigarettes — specifically Juul products — to minors at both brick-and-mortar and online retailers,” Gottlieb said.
“The blitz, which started April 6 and will continue to the end of the month, has already revealed numerous violations of the law.”
The FDA said it issued 40 warning letters to various businesses, including 7-11 stores in Maryland, Virginia and Massachusetts, as well as vaping retailers and gas station and other convenience stores across the country.
“Today's action should serve to put retailers on notice to stop selling products to minors,” Gottlieb said.
Advocates welcomed the action but said it did not go far enough.
“Today's announcement is a step in the right direction but the FDA needs to accelerate its actions when it comes to regulating e-cigarettes like Juul and remove flavors known to entice youth,” said Dave Dobbins of the Truth Initiative, a group that arose out of a multistate settlement with tobacco makers.
“Keeping e-cigarettes on the market without first evaluating them is putting an entire generation of young people at risk of addiction.”
Groups said flavors such as mango and cool cucumber were enticing children to try e-cigarette products.
“The FDA can and should take immediate action to address these issues and, moving forward, the FDA should utilize this authority to prevent the introduction of kid-friendly tobacco products in the first place, rather than taking action after they become popular with kids,” said Matthew Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids.
The FDA said in 2014 it would regulate e-cigarettes and banned the sale of e-cigarettes to anyone under 18 in 2016.
But last summer, Gottlieb extended the timeline for applications for new e-cigarette clearance by the FDA to 2022, delighting e-cigarette makers and infuriating medical groups such as the American Lung Association.
Gottlieb said they recognize that e-cigarettes can help smokers wean themselves off burnt tobacco products. “But we've got to step in to protect our kids,” they said.
“We also recently contacted eBay to raise concerns over several listings for Juul products on its website,” Gottlieb added.
“We're thankful for eBay's swift action to remove the listings and voluntarily implement new measures to prevent new listings from being posted to the web retailer's site. Our overarching goal — one we hope everyone shares — is to make sure Juul, and any other e-cigarettes or tobacco products, aren't getting into kids' hands in the first place.”
And the FDA asked the makers of Juul for marketing documents and any studies the company may have conducted.
“The information we're requesting includes: documents related to product marketing; research on the health, toxicological, behavioral or physiologic effects of the products, including youth initiation and use; whether certain product design features, ingredients or specifications appeal to different age groups; and youth-related adverse events and consumer complaints associated with the products,” Gottlieb said.
“We don't yet fully understand why these products are so popular among youth. But it's imperative that we figure it out, and fast.”
Juulsaid it would cooperate to some degree. "Juul Labs agrees with the FDA that illegal sales of our product to minors are unacceptable,” the company said in a statement.
“We already have in place programs to prevent and, if necessary, identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will announce additional measures in the coming days."
E-cigarettes use a device that delivers fluid laced with nicotine and flavors, creating a smoke-like vapor.
They're promoted as a safer way to use tobacco — e-cigarette use is called vaping — and as a way to quit smoking. But public health groups, the surgeon general's office, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention worry about evidence that vaping can get teens addicted to nicotine, and will lead them to smoking cigarettes.
Many studies support the theory that kids who vape are more likely to go on to use other tobacco products and studies show that vaping delivers potentially harmful chemicals.
The CDC says 20 percent of high school students have used at least one tobacco product recently, most of them e-cigarettes.
Tobacco use is the No. 1 cause of both heart disease and cancer.
Suspicious person, two people in alley, both tried to walk away, male stated they were trying to find cigarettes on the ground then going home, Alex.
Suspicious vehicle, comp states there is a tan truck with a topper by the cul-de-sac and has been there for two months, Garfield.
Theft, theft of a boat motor, Alex.
Harassment, caller says that their ex-husband is calling them and won't leave their alone, has been drinking heavily and they are nervous about what they might do, Alex.
Harassment, receiving several text messages from a male that they don't know, Alex.
Suspicious vehicle, vehicle unoccupied, Alex.
911 hangup, comp called screaming, they then hung up, called back, person one tossed the house according to comp, person one went home for the night, Evansville.
Saturday, August 12
Suspicious vehicle, out with vehicle on the side of the road, Alex.
Suspicious vehicle, Evansville city maintenance reporting green Ford Expedition unoccupied, there is a purse and a gun case inside the vehicle with the doors unlocked,vehicle not a hazard, Evansville.
Public assist, questions about shooting a gun in a residential area, Alex.
Public assist, comp reporting they have items at their sister's house and the sister is threatening to throw them away, Brandon.
Civil matter, still having problems with their sister. they want to get rid of their sister's property, Brandon.
Suspicious vehicle, bowfishing, advised to move vehicle off roadway, Alex.
ATV complaint, two four-wheelers doing donuts in the parking lot, appeared to be more than one rider but hard to tell because it is dark, Garfield.
Sunday, August 13
Property damage crash, fourth-degree DWI arrest, Garfield.
911 hangup, accidental, all OK, Alex.
Check welfare of person, check welfare of their son's girlfriend who is sitting in vehicle in the driveway, they won't go in the house and they appear to be on something, Evansville.
Fleeing peace officer, tried pulling a vehicle over, it pulled into driveway and four people ran on foot, person two arrested for a Douglas County warrant, cited for fleeing on foot, person three arrested for fleeing in a motor vehicle, cited for multiple other offenses, Alex.
Suspicious vehicle, comp stated there's a white car that's parked close to intersection, unable to locate, Alex.
Abandoned vehicle, battery died, Evansville.
Personal injury crash, one vehicle rollover, Co Rd 7 NW/Koeplin Rd NW, Brandon.
Suspicious activity, comp's sister has been in site 14 all weekend, there has been a tent in site 15 there since Friday, there are a pair of men's shoes at the lake and no one has been at the tent since Friday, Brandon.
Suspicious vehicle, citation issued to person one for giving fictitious name/DOB and citation issued to person two for driving without valid license, Nelson.
Trespassing complaint, comp's neighbor has been trespassing on their property, Alex.
Child custody matter, comp states their ex who was just released from prison recently is bringing their new girlfriend with for a child exchange and comp said she's not allowed on the property, comp also requesting deputy to stand by as exchange takes place, Brandon.
Threats, new ex-boyfriend states that they are going to go to their place of work tomorrow and cause problems because they took their dog, Miltona.
Check welfare of person, comp hasn't heard from boyfriend for approximately 11 hours, they checked their residence and received no answer, this is not like him, history of suicide attempts, located person one, they were fine, Brandon.
Suspicious activity, man pulled up in a van in a hurry, got out with a flashlight and went toward the bridge, they haven't returned, Alex.
ALEXANDRIA POLICE DEPARTMENT
Friday, August 11
Public assist, bartender stating they have had some strange acting people in the bar tonight, would like extra patrol at bar close as they are there alone.
Suspicious vehicle, occupants playing Pokémon.
Suspicious activity, homeless male has been coming in the past few days, yesterday they ate their breakfast, today they were confrontational when they kicked them out.
Suspicious activity, comp's vehicle gone through.
Personal injury crash, vehicle crashed into ditch, driver was unresponsive for a short time but now is up walking around, Brookdale Dr SE.
Suspicious vehicle, orange Explorer with two males in it acting very strange, unable to locate.
Suspicious activity, female is changing clothes in the car and there are children present, found methamphetamine paraphernalia, transported to DCJ.
Theft, license plate tabs.
Fight/assault, comp states they were assaulted by person one and brandished their knife to get them to stop.
Hit and run, ALP requesting report for a hit and run on a power pole, Fairgrounds Rd.
Property damage crash, 50th Ave W/Twin Blvd.
Assault, shoved up against the wall and assaulted by a male party, person two arrested for terroristic threats, assault, and criminal damage.
Child abuse, neglect, 6-year-old girl found in the road and does not know where they live.
Suspicious activity, someone possible living in vehicle, spoke with a party that stated it's their friend's car and they are just parking it there for a few days until they can move it.
Fight/assault, fifth-degree assault.
Hit and run, Kenwood Dr.
City nuisance violation, concerns about campers.
Juvenile trouble, young boys taking the landscaping rocks and throwing them into the bushes on the east side, spoke with the mother of the three boys and advised them of complaint, they will handle it from there.
Suspicious activity, caller believes that their daughter and their friends are there stealing things from their ex-husband's house.
Hit and run, Willow Dr.
Threats, comp would like to report terroristic threats against him.
Fight/assault, father/son punching each other.
Suspicious activity, third party call of physical domestic. person one had a verbal argument with person two over finances and other life issues, comp stated they were just worried when person two's cell stopped working.
Hit and run, 5th Ave W/Fillmore St.
Suspicious activity, caller had someone knock on their door and when they went to answer no one was there.
Suspicious activity, comp states the apartment should be empty and can hear people up there, apartment was empty.
Suspicious person, very intoxicated male dropped off on patio, stayed with subject until a taxi arrived.
Saturday, August 12
Public assist, requesting a ride home.
Fight/assault, male party started a fight when told to leave the bar, no fight took place.
Property damage crash, Hazel Hill Rd SE/Co Rd 46 SE.
Drug-related activity, comp just wanted law enforcement aware that they found a meth pipe at the playground and disposed it in the dumpster.
Check welfare of person, caller requesting welfare check on elderly female, mail is piling up outside the house, person moved to Evansville.
Threats, comp wants to report threats from their mom's neighbor kids.
Suspicious vehicle, a white Toyota Tundra was circling the neighborhood many times, unable to locate.
Stolen vehicle, noticed van was missing this morning, vehicle located.
Drug-related activity, comp found some drug related items in the alley.
Public assist, property exchange.
Public assist, comp would like officer check if there are any squatters in their building, was told by someone they have been using electrical and may have even been using bathrooms inside, no signs of squatters.
Property damage crash, State Hwy 29 S.
Neighbor dispute, neighbor came out with a butcher knife stating comp was obstructing their driveway.
Suspicious activity, 9-year-old female very shaken up, walked into the liquor asking for a ride to Ron's Warehouse, juvenile got into a fight with their friend and ran away, transported to dad's house.
Suspicious activity, comp stating multiple fires burning, unable to give location of fires, didn't know if they were bonfires or not.
Suspicious activity, anonymous complaint of cars at City Park that are believed to be buying alcohol for minors and meeting there to pass it off, patrolled area, did not locate any vehicles matching complaint.
Suspicious activity, Jeep in the parking lot for some time with its door open, driver forgot to shut door.
Check welfare of person, person one is mad and upset, comp would like them checked on, has had suicidal thoughts in the past, person is not a threat to herself.
Intoxicated male, received a call from a friend who said they are on their bicycle and at Herberger's and is drunk, they would like them checked on, person one transported to DCH for evaluation.
Suspicious activity, person one stated they struck a skateboarder with their mirror in the right turn lane.
Sunday, August 13
Public assist, requesting officer regarding a customer that had an ID that wasn't valid and giving them problems over it, subject left prior to arrival, determined ID was a fake.
Suspicious activity, comp in lobby to report something about a message on their phone.
Public assist, car alarm going off and the plate is not registered to the hotel.
Public assist, female that has been staying with comp has stolen their prescription medication
Property damage crash, Broadway St.
Property damage crash, 50th Ave W/State Hwy 29 S.
Fire, smoke coming from the garage, possible lightning strike.
Public assist, male says he's homeless and needs to speak with an officer regarding what they can do about it.
Public assist, father from opposing team was out of control and escorted off the premises, person was disorderly, would not leave when advised and drove over lawn with their vehicle, school wanted to make sure they didn't come back and didn't wish to pursue any charges at this time.
Public assist, comp states they want an officer or two where they are and give them a ride home, male could not say why they wanted two officers there just stated it was better with two, at times they aren't making sense, male wanted to speak to doctor at ER, they were transported there.
Juvenile trouble, 9-year-old ran from grandma.
Drunk driver complaint, male in drive through but could not understand him, they went inside the store and they are slurring their words.
Fraud, comp lost their bank card in Alex last night.
Check welfare of person, anonymous complaint that a 4-year-old and 18 month child may be in apartment alone, children placed into protective custody.
This is not a comprehensive report of all local law enforcement activity, rather, a brief recap of daily calls for service.
It's a rainbow-colored triumph whose meaning is compounded by the shadow President Donald Trump's administration has cast over LGBTQ rights. A rainbow flag will soon fly at the Stonewall National Monument in Manhattan, the first such flag to be permanently placed on federal land and maintained by the National Park Service, activists announced on Thursday. “It…
Not analyzing your apps, your business and your costs can be major mistakes
Mistakes can be costly. They also can be so painful they keep you from venturing any further ahead.
Of course, that's true with almost anything tech-related, but IT managers will tell you that there are some common, and potentially damaging, pitfalls that anyone looking at a cloud migration should work to avoid.
Migration mistakes can cost the enterprise money and time, and eliminate or reduce any expected increases in agility as well as speed and cost savings.
Those stumbles and losses could cause business execs to back off from a bigger cloud migration. It also could cause execs to lose faith in their IT leaders.
"This is part of the learning curve," said Deepak Mohan, an analyst with IDC. "The negatives are attributed to the cloud and not to these mistakes that need to be corrected... If a company does not realize the cost savings and they fail to see the results they thought they'd get, the result is that there is a drop in faith and a lowering of confidence in your cloud strategy. And that will cause a slowdown in adoption."
Part of the issue is that the cloud is really a different beast for a lot of IT shops.
Everyday IT jobs, like data storage, app dev and resource allocation, suddenly need to be thought about and handled differently.
[ Further reading: Expert tips for managing your cloud data ]
"What we learned is that while it's easy to get started, cloud is completely different from IT," said Temujin Baker, senior manager of engineering and architecture for King County, Wash. "How you run your business in the cloud is different than how you run it" on premises. "There are changes in how you do your work, the skills that are needed, the process."
King County, with 220 connected sites and more than 13,000 employees, started migrating to the cloud in 2015, using AWS and Microsoft Azure.
It started with 1,600 on-premises applications and now has 30 of the 1,600 running in the cloud, with plans to move 120 more to the cloud this year. The county will consolidate and modernize some of its on-premises apps, so not all will move to the cloud.
Aaron Barak, King County's director of operations, said 2015 was all about seeing where the pitfalls lie and figuring out the best ways to avoid them.
"The first year or two was really about learning and getting our staff ready to support the move," said Barak.
And while Daniel Morreale, CIO of Hunterdon Healthcare System in Flemington, N.J., said there definitely are pitfalls in the path to the cloud, there are ways to avoid them.
"I expect that each instance is going to be a little bit different so there will always be an opportunity to make a mistake and then learn what you did wrong," they said. "Making my data accessible from anywhere in the world and the capacity to eliminate a lot of my hardware and not cooling my data center and dealing with power, it makes moving to the cloud a good value proposition."
Here is some guidance from IT people who have started their own cloud migrations, as well as from industry analysts, on some big mistakes to avoid in your own move to the cloud.
1. Don't analyze your apps before the migration
One of the mistakes that Dave Bartoletti, an analyst with Forrester Research, Inc., warned against is failing to analyze a company's applications before considering any kind of cloud move.
"The first mistake is trying to do too much," said Bartoletti, adding that IT managers need to start the migration with a small set of applications. "You need to run a portfolio analysis -- either with a consultant or on your own -- to determine what apps are good for the initial migration."
For instance, organizations need to split their applications into two initial groups - apps that will be migrated and apps that will be replaced.
It generally wouldn't make a lot of sense to migrate an on-premises email application when an enterprise simply could start using a cloud-based app, like one in Microsoft's Office 365.
Bartoletti also recommends IT managers check how compliant-sensitive an application is.
"The cloud is a safe place to run compliance-sensitive workloads -- but don't make your most sensitive data or applications the place to start your migration," they warned.
Companies also should be aware of applications that have an elastic load pattern. If an app tends to have workloads that drop and spike, then it's a good candidate for the cloud where it easily can be scaled up and down, taking advantage of cloud pricing so a company isn't paying for hardware when it's not using it.
Hunterdon Healthcare's Morreale said they made a mistake during their initial cloud migration because they didn't do enough application analysis.
The single hospital -- with 186 beds, 60 ambulatory locations and about 3,000 users -- is in the process of moving to the cloud and is completely doing away with its data center.
The company started the move last June by converting its email system to Google's cloud-based G Suite service.
A mistake Morreale said they made when moving to G Suite from Novell's GroupWise was not analyzing what their users needed from their old email system and not figuring out how differently G Suite was going to work from what end users were accustomed to.
"G Suite and GroupWise do calendar pretty differently," they explained. "We did not provide our executive assistants who manage multiple calendars at the same time with the tools they'd need to be efficient. We recognized that by day 2 and saw that we had messed up... The needs were not adequately explained or understood. We ...admit that we blew it."
Morreale turned to IT consultants SADA Systems, which sent someone in for a week to sit down with the executive assistants in small groups and one-on-one sessions to help them learn how to handle their calendars.
When King County migrated its enterprise backup, they too erred in fully analyzing their app.
Baker explained they did a lot of testing when it came to moving the data to the cloud. What they didn't do was test how it would work getting the data back for an actual restoration.
"The purpose of the backup system isn't to back up, but to restore," they said. "The performance of the restoration wasn't there because we hadn't done the full testing of the application. With an on-site restore, it starts as soon as you press a button. With the cloud, there's a three-hour-plus window where the service has to go back and get that data before we get a restore. That's something that we hadn't fully anticipated."
The lesson was to test the whole process the way it will be used.
King County's Barak added that factoring in the time it takes to retrieve the data and send it back, with a large outage, the delay could have extended to 24 hours.
2. Forget a business analysis before starting
Forrester's Bartoletti said another major mistake enterprises make is to not do a business analysis before they launch a cloud migration.
"Starting without a clear business case means you don't know what the benefit is going to be," they said. "You need some analysis to see if this will actually save you money... Just picking up an application and moving it to the cloud sounds easy -- but why are you doing that?"
During the business analysis there are key questions to ask.
For instance, do you need your apps to run cheaper or faster in the cloud? And how can you optimize your applications so they will run cheaper and faster?
Also, which migration tools will best fit your move?
"Selecting those tools takes time," said Bartoletti. "You don't just Google search tools for migration and use the first one that pops up."
They also suggest that IT managers profile an app's behavior and figure out what resources it needs, compared to what it's currently using.
"You don't want to go to the cloud and request a terabyte of memory when you don't need it because you'll pay too much," said Bartoletti. "You need to be 100% clear on what that app really needs, not what it has been using."
John Trujillo, an assistant vice president, technology in the retirement solutions division at Pacific Life Insurance, said they began migrating to the AWS cloud in 2015.
"There were definitely mistakes that I could see that, to some degree, we made," said Trujillo. "One is that cloud is not a strategy ... It's a tactic toward achieving business strategy and business objectives, like agility and innovation. What are the business drivers to getting to the cloud? It's not just about getting there."
For Trujillo and their team a mistake was not putting the benefits of moving to the cloud in clear enough business terms to senior executives.
"The speed of business is increasing," they said. "The work is growing. The cloud addresses those realities but [business executives] didn't understand that... We were assuming they understood and were not really helping them understand what the cloud is and how it leverages into business value."
3. Underestimate costs
Of course, one of the biggest draws to migrating to the cloud is the cost savings.
With apps running in the cloud, companies don't have to pay IT workers to do things like manage email, deal with costly data centers, buy as much hardware and keep applications operational.
The issue is, though, that there are costs to cloud migration too.
For instance, Bartoletti said IT managers often overlook the cost of moving storage.
"The most expensive part of migration is often moving storage or the data," they added. "It might require a 100-gigabyte data base. The cloud providers don't generally charge you for moving data in, but it could take several weeks or months if it's huge. You want to estimate in your migration project how long it will take to move your data."
Pacific Life's Trujillo agreed.
"There's definitely an upfront cost in getting to the cloud. There's no doubt about that," they said. "Data storage in the cloud, properly configured and architected, can be significantly cheaper" than what we do on-premises today. "Moving it into the cloud is more of a people cost."
IDC's Mohan noted that it also can be costly to forget to reallocate people and resources.
"You need to spin away the ongoing costs and the manpower costs related to an operation" that you used to run on premises, they said. "If you're reducing your data center needs, can you cancel the lease or sublet it and figure how you'll use the workers who used to run that for you."
Trujillo also warned that IT managers might not consider how much they're going to be distracting their IT team during a migration.
IT workers, who might otherwise be focused on business-specific jobs, will be working on the migration. That will slow down or postpone other projects.
Of course, the promise of the migration is that once it's in place, those same workers will have more time to be free from many of the old mundane tasks so they can focus on business differentiation and advantage.
4. Don't get the training you need
Many IT staffs probably don't know a lot about the cloud, especially if this is their first migration. And finding cloud-savvy people can be challenging and expensive.
Without that cloud knowledge, a migration can take longer than expected and run into more problems. And, possibly even worse, once the migration is over, IT might find they've simply moved their old on-premises mess to the cloud.
IT workers, and managers, need cloud training, and consultants may be needed, so IT not only understands how using the cloud works but they also understand about modernizing applications, so they take advantage of cloud services.
"One of the mistakes we made early on is not fully appreciating how scary this can be to people who have been in IT for a long time," said Pacific Life's Trujillo. "One of the critical things we didn't do well enough up front was help the rank-and-file IT staff understand that this might be scary at first but it's really an opportunity for them to stay current and fresh in the industry."
In the absence of proper training, there also is more risk of legacy thinking being brought into the cloud."
5. Don't move beyond "lift and shift"
Moving beyond legacy thinking will help IT managers avoid a major pitfall of cloud migrations.
"IT needs to consciously change their thinking and their processes," said IDC's Mohan. "The process change is the piece that enterprises often fail to consider."
The issue is that the cloud is much more than just picking up an application or data and dropping it in the cloud.
The real benefit to the enterprise is taking advantage of cloud services, like mobile back-end services and performance management services. Using the cloud shouldn't be just about cheap storage.
"The cloud is requiring us to rethink long-cherished theories in enterprise IT," said Pacific Life's Trujillo, adding that they caught themselves before making this mistake. "Taking your legacy thinking into the cloud is a big potential pitfall. There are very significantly new and better ways to do things in the cloud than we've all grown up with."
For instance, they said they were used to application developers or even business people coming to them and saying they needed a server. IT would tell them how long a wait it would be.
"In the cloud, they don't need to come to me," said Trujillo. "They can spin up a server in a couple of minutes. A danger is continuing to be guardians of the gates in the cloud, rather than letting app dev and even business being able to spin things up on their own... We need to switch our minds from being service providers to service brokers."
In the end, analysts and IT managers say it's unlikely that companies will avoid every pitfall when it comes to cloud migration.
Some problems you can anticipate, some you can't.
Build padding into your migration timeline so you can deal with issues when they come up.
"Our people don't care about the technology," said King County's Barak. "They just care about the work that needs to be delivered."
BOSTON — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking, two-run homer over the Green Monster and out of Fenway Park, and the Boston Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6-4 on Wednesday to complete a three-game sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer, breaking a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez had a solo homer and RBI double, and Jackie Bradley Jr. had a run-scoring double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Toscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17 and dropped to 2-7 against the Red Sox this season. Toronto, which opened the season 13-6, is a season-high five games under .500 at 25-30.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) gave up two runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings with seven strikeouts and one walk. Boston is 10-1 in their starts.
Craig Kimbrel allowed two inherited runners to score on Kendrys Morales' double, then got three straight outs for their 18th save in 20 chances.
Making their third start since their May 11 recall from Triple-A, Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings.
Boston opened a 2-0 lead on Jackie Bradley Jr.'s RBI double in the third and Nunez's fifth-inning homer off a tabletop above the Green Monster in left.
Hernanez's homered tied the score in the sixth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson missed their second consecutive game with right calf soreness.
Red Sox: OF Mookie Betts missed their fourth straight because of tightness in their left side that flared up during BP Sunday. “If he's OK, most likely he'll be in the lineup tomorrow,” manager Alex Cora said. . 2B Dustin Pedroia also had the day off.
TWO REVERSALS
The Blue Jays challenged two safe calls with the same batter up in the third — one at second on a steal attempt and the other at the home with a runner looking to score when a pitch bounced away. Both were overturned.
FOND MEMORIES
Cora is excited to get their World Series ring before Thursday's series opener in Houston.
“It was an amazing ride,” they said.
They plan to bring a jersey they wore last season as the team's bench coach, have it signed by the Astros and hang it “probably at home.”
HARD SHOT
Pllate umpire Jerry Layne was dazed by a foul ball off their chest but stayed in the game. Boston catcher Christian Vazquez held up Layne when the umpire was wobbly.
UP NEXT
Blue Jays: LHP Jaime Garcia (2-3, 5.52 ERA) is scheduled to start Friday's series opener at Detroit.
Red Sox: LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75) is to be on the mound Thursday for the opener of a four-game series against Houston. They 0-1 with a 9.53 ERA in their last three starts and hasn't gone past four innings.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
Paris Saint-Germain hero Angel Di Maria hailed a "perfect" performance after their brilliant brace helped to humble Barcelona 4-0 in the Champions League.
The Argentina international put PSG ahead with a fine 18th-minute free-kick and PSG did not look back as they took a vice-like grip on the last-16 tie.
Livewire winger Julian Draxler and top scorer Edinson Cavani - a man celebrating turning 30 - were on target either side of Di Maria's sumptuous second and it spoke volumes that Barça goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen was one of the few visiting players to emerge with any credit at Parc des Princes.
Watching back PSG's 3rd goal last night. It has everything. Back to front. Escape the press. Quick combinations. Brilliant Di Maria finish — James Horncastle (@JamesHorncastle) February 15, 2017
"We could not imagine a better night," said Di Maria, as quoted by UEFA.com, having celebrated their 29th birthday in unforgettable fashion.
"Winning 4-0 against Barcelona on my birthday is incredible. It was the perfect match.
"To win, it was necessary to make a match like today. But we know they too can score four goals."
While that might be true, Barcelona must now make Champions League history if they are to remain in the competition. No team has ever come back to win from a 4-0 first-leg deficit in the knockout rounds.
Have your say
A man trashed an elderly woman's car in the mistaken belief they were the owner of barking dogs that were annoying him.
READ MORE: Read this week's round-up of of cases at Preston's courts here
Steven Gaskell hurled a concrete slab through the back of the retired woman's Skoda car.
Police were called to the scene at 3.30am on November 12, Preston Magistrates' Court heard.
Gaskell, of Lewis Close, Adlington, Chorley, was seen walking up the driveway before picking up the concrete, which left the victim with a £400 repair bill.
Prosecuting,
Peter Kelly said: “At 3.30am the complainant was in bed asleep when they were woken by a noise from outside.
“She looked outside and saw a large concrete block had been thrown through their rear windscreen.
“She was considerably scared and shaken up, and phoned a neighbour.
“The neighbour came round to their home and saw the damage and the matter was reported to the police.”
The court heard officers found CCTV footage covering the neighbouring area. It showed a man walking into the elderly woman's driveway and picking up the item before throwing it at their car.
The defendant was identified by police and arrested.
During a police interview, 30-year-old Gaskell they said they had been annoyed by barking dogs in the area and had committed the act “on impulse”.
They agreed it was a disproportionate response.
Gaskell pleaded guilty to a charge of criminal damage.
The bench imposed a 12 month conditional discharge, and ordered them to pay £400 compensation.
Country music star Daniel O'Donnell has taken to Facebook to advise their fans they may have been receiving friend requests from a a false Daniel O'Donnell profile that looks exactly like this official page.
In a post on the Daniel O'Donnell official Facebook page, it says: "Hello friends. It has come to our attention that some of our fans have been receiving friend requests from a false Daniel O'Donnell profile that looks exactly like this official page. This is a fake profile and if you receive a friend request, please report it and delete it immediately."
The post adds: "All posts that come from this official page will have the blue tick next to Daniel's name which confirms that the post is authentic and verified. If a post that appears to come from Daniel doesn't have this blue tick, it has not come from the official page and should be reported.
"Thank you for reading and we're sorry if anyone was alarmed by this scam."
Daniel O'Donnell has had twenty UKTop 40 albums as well as fifteen Top 40 singles and has sold more than 10 million records to date.
In 2015, they became the first artist to have charted at least one new album in the UK charts for 28 consecutive years (1988–2015), when their latest album The Hank Williams Songbook entered the UK Artist Albums Chart at number 5.
A Daniel O'Donnell Visitors' Centre was opened in Dungloe in May, 2012, which displays all their gold discs, awards and wedding suit.[20]
John Mellencamp is once again set for a headlining performance at this year's upcoming Farm Aid concert. This year's event will take place on September 16 at the KeyBank Pavilion in Burgettstown, Pennsylvania. Willie Nelson, one of the founders of the charity event, spoke on the location's significance in an official press release noting: “Family farm agriculture is the heart of Pennsylvania,” said Nelson. “What's happening in western Pennsylvania and the region shows us that we can count on family farmers to strengthen our communities and connect people. Whether we live in rural or urban places, food – and music – brings us all together.” Tickets for the event are set for an exclusive pre-sale for Farm Aid supporters starting on June 14, and open to the general public on June 23. Nelson will also once again return for the event, as well as Neil Young and Dave Matthews. Sheryl Crow, Jack Johnson, and the Avett Brothers are also set to appear. Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
(AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee, File). FILE - In this June 23, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a home run in the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New Yo...
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File). FILE - In this Aug. 14, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton stands on the field during a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New York Y...
By BEN WALKER
AP Baseball Writer
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) - Now slugging for the Bronx Bombers, Giancarlo Stanton.
The New York Yankees announced Monday they'd acquired Stanton from the Miami Marlins, getting the NL MVP and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton was to be introduced later in the day at Major League Baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old outfielder is still owed $295 million over the final decade of their record $325 million, 13-year contract.
The Marlins, with former Yankees star Derek Jeter as their new CEO, will send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise their right to opt out of their contract and become a free agent after the 2020 season: $5 million each on July 1 and Oct. 1 in 2026, 2027 and 2028. Under a change in baseball's new labor contract, that money will be prorated for the luxury tax and Stanton will count as $22 million annually.
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season. Once they put on the pinstripes, Stanton will pair with Aaron Judge, the 6-foot-7 rookie who was second in the majors with 52 homers.
"I wouldn't say sad day," Marlins president of baseball operations Michael Hill said. "It's a win-win for both sides. ... I know Giancarlo made it clear midway through the 2017 season they didn't want to be part of a rebuild."
The Yankees topped baseball with 241 home runs last season. The prospect of the daunting duo together in the lineup - and putting on batting practice shows - raised thoughts of the team's previous powerful 1-2 punches, such as Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, along with Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris.
Shortly after the Yankees and Marlins agreed to the deal last weekend, Judge, the unanimous AL Rookie of the Year, sent a tweet to Stanton showing a clip from the movie "Step Brothers" with Will Ferrell saying, "Did we just become best friends?"
The Yankees came within one win of the World Series in October, losing the final two games of the AL Championship Series at Houston. The deal is sure to get a legion of fans that already dislike the Yanks railing against Jeter sending Stanton to their old team.
Stanton had a no-trade clause in their contract and last week turned down prospective deals to St. Louis and San Francisco. There was speculation they wanted to play close to home with the Los Angeles Dodgers, but clearly the Yankees were to their liking.
The Yankees haven't had a losing record since 1992. The Marlins haven't had a winning season since Stanton made their big league debut for them in 2010.
Jeter is expected to reduce payroll by at least 20 percent to $90 million or less. The Marlins shed $38 million of salary through 2020 by trading two-time All-Star second baseman Dee Gordon to Seattle last week for three prospects.
Castro is due $10 million in 2018 and $11 million in 2019, plus a $16 million club option for 2020 with a $1 million buyout.
The Yankees' payroll for purposes of baseball's luxury tax was about $209 million this year, and owner Hal Steinbrenner has vowed to reduce it below next year's $197 million threshold, which would reset the team's base tax rate from 50 percent to 20 percent in 2019. That would put the Yankees, under new manager Aaron Boone, in better position for next offseason's free agent class, which includes Bryce Harper, Manny Machado and possibly Clayton Kershaw.
Under baseball's previous labor contract, the money the Marlins pay the Yankees would be included "in the contract year in which the cash consideration is paid." However, under the new deal Article XXIII (C) (2) (b) (ii) was changed to have it count "on a pro-rata basis over the remaining guaranteed years of the assigned contract."
The 27-year-old Castro was an All-Star last season, hitting .300 with 16 homers and 63 RBIs. There's speculation the Marlins will try to trade them to the New York Mets.
The 21-year-old Guzman was 5-3 with a 2.30 ERA in Class A Staten Island. The 18-year-old Devers hit .245 in the Dominican Summer League and the rookie Gulf Coast League.
___
AP Baseball Writer Ronald Blum contributed to this report.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
WARSAW, Poland — Anti-government protesters rallied in front of Poland's Supreme Court in Warsaw on Wednesday to show support for the court's president, who is being forced to retire under a judicial overhaul.
The hundreds of people who gathered sang the national anthem and chanted "Judges are not removable!" and "Constitution!" as the court's First President Malgorzata Gersdorf showed up for work, saying that according to the constitution, their six-year term runs through 2020.
Gersdorf, 65, thanked the crowd and said they were acting to protect Poland's constitution. It was not immediately clear whether they would be allowed back into their office on the first day of their forced retirement.
Protests started this week against the new law, mandated by the right-wing ruling party, that cuts the retirement age to 65 from 70 for Poland's Supreme Court justices.
Under the new rules, Gersdorf should have asked President Andrzej Duda for an extension of their mandate if they were to be of retirement age on July 4. They have not done so.
"That would mean subordination," Gersdorf said. "And I cannot agree to this because I need to fulfill what I swore I would."
Protesters gather in front of Poland's Supreme Court building in Warsaw on Wednesday. Czarek Sokolowski / AP
The law, which took effect Tuesday, is forcing the chief justice and as many as one-third of the court's 72 sitting judges to step down. It is seen as the ruling Law and Justice party's clampdown on the top court.
The Supreme Court shake-up represents the culmination of a comprehensive overhaul of Poland's justice system that gives the ruling party new powers over the courts.
Critics at home and abroad accuse the Law and Justice party of seeking control over courts for political gain, and say its policies, which also include tighter control of public media, amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule.
European Union officials and international human rights groups have expressed alarm, alleging the moves represent an erosion of judicial independence that violates Western standards. The European Commission, which polices compliance with E.U. laws, opened an infringement procedure Monday against Poland over the Supreme Court law.
The Supreme Court is the highest court of appeal for criminal and civil cases in Poland. Its justices also rule on the validity of elections.
The government insists it is improving Poland's justice system, saying it was inefficient and controlled by an untouchable "caste" of judges. It argues that putting judges under the control of the legislative and executive branches will make the courts answerable to the voters, and thus more democratic.
The ruling Law and Justice party's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 percent throughout the dispute, well above any single rival party.
It rejects criticism, saying E.U. treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary.
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning.
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
By COLLEEN LONG
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A man with a pipe bomb strapped to their body with Velcro and zip ties set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring them and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour.
All four were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in a long underground passageway that runs a full city block under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:20 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with Monday morning commuters.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
"Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals," de Blasio said.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said they were inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device. They were investigating how it was made, and combing through surveillance footage that captured the blast on video.
A video posted on social media showed the security footage. In it, a man walks through the crowded pedestrian tunnel and the bomb suddenly going off in a plume of white smoke. Through the smoke, the suspect is then seen sprawled on the ground as bystanders flee.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Police are investigating whether Ullah intended to set off the device in the walkway, or whether they had meant to do it in a busier location.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
The explosion triggered a massive response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," they said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
New York has seen its share of terror attacks in recent years. On Oct. 31, a man drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center, killing eight people.
Video from above the "Crossroads of the World" showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down for a few hours - a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour. But by 10 a.m., much of the area had returned to normal. Authorities said by evening rush hour everything would be re-opened.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
___
Associated Press writer Jake Pearson contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
We will ensure improvement in quality of consumer experience – NCC Boss, Danbatta
The Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta has said that the NCC will work harder to improve the quality of service in the telecom sector and by so doing improve the quality of consumer experience. Danbatta stated this yesterday in Funtua, Katsina State at the Consumer Conversation, a forum […]
We will ensure improvement in quality of consumer experience – NCC Boss, Danbatta
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After years in the audio game, we've blown through a litany of headphones, including some of the best (and most expensive) cans in the world. Even so, few headphone models have revved our motor quite like the latest from French audio maker, Focal. Fashioned with a sleek and glittering silver frame, and begging a regal price, Focal's latest are nothing short of a testament to transparency, right down to their apt and simple name: Clear.
Luxuriously adorned and steeped in striking minimalism, Focal's new Clear headphones match stunning good looks with equally stunning sound. And while the performance of these bombastic cans isn't without some intriguing idiosyncrasies, the Clear reveal a sweet mix of gorgeous bass and astonishing detail that truly has to be heard to be believed.
The goods
The headphones arrive in a domed hard-shell case with an impressive collection of cable options in tow, including a four-foot 3.5mm cable for travel and two 10-foot cables, one with a quarter-inch termination and one ending in a four-point XLR jack. If you didn't know already, those latter options signal the Clear are designed for serious listeners.
In both the look and feel of their design, the Clear are among the finest examples of quality headphone craftsmanship you'll come across. Handmade in France, the Clear's slick metallic frame is hewn from rock-solid aluminum and feels incredibly stout, even for a pair of headphones that cost around the same price as a well-used Volkswagen Beetle.
Dan Baker/Digital Trends Dan Baker/Digital Trends
Dan Baker/Digital Trends Dan Baker/Digital Trends
While there's plenty to ogle here, it's the fit of these headphones that's perhaps their most impressive design element. Designed to stay firmly in place for the perfect balance on your head, the rigid headband fits like a well-worn glove as you put the cans on, somehow perfectly match your head size. The earpieces do all the work, staying firmly in place while adjusting to fit with spring-like tension, taking the onus of clamping force off the headband itself. Donut-shaped microfiber pads add sumptuous comfort along the earpieces, matched with the same padding above. Weighing nearly a pound, we were amazed every single time we put on the Clear at just how light and fluffy these headphones feel, making this one of the few times we agree with a brand's PR narrative almost entirely.
Adding more fuel to that disappearing headphone trick are the incredibly transparent open-back screens on each earpiece's outer shell, offering little more than a window screen's worth of separation between your ears and the outside world. While that's not ideal for listening in a busy office or on the bus, it allows for an incredibly airy and open soundstage when those drivers get humming.
The Clear are among the finest examples of quality headphone craftsmanship you'll come across.
Speaking of the drivers, it's notable that Focal employs dynamic drivers for its “reference” cans, as opposed to the planar magnetic drivers found in many other high-end headphones from the likes of Oppo, Audeze, HIFIMan, and others. Borrowed from the company's luxurious Elear ($1,000) and aspirational Utopia ($4,000) headphones, the Clear's “M”-shaped aluminum-magnesium dome drivers are 40mm in size, and set with the brand's specialized copper voice coil designed for improved dynamics and well-controlled bass, even at high volumes. Again, we're forced to agree with Focal's PR department there, as the drivers provide excellent execution on both points.
When it comes to specs, the Clear headphones have some numbers worth noting, including 55-Ohm impedance, making it fairly difficult to drive these cans without a legit headphone amp. The frequency response is a claimed 5Hz-28kHz, and we're prone to agree with that number, especially on the low end where the headphones show serious punch and fullness even in the sub-bass frequencies.
The sound
We auditioned the Clear headphones by listening to a variety of music genres and file types, including compressed, lossless, and high-resolution files. For a power source, we recruited Antelope's Zodiac headphone amp/DAC, as well as Astell & Kern's SP1000 hi-res audio player.
Perhaps the best word to describe the Clear's performance is simply “more.” The Clear's sound signature provides more … everything, really, running the full gamut of their massive frequency response. While the soundstage, as mentioned, is extremely open and airy, the sound signature itself is more colored and bombastic than the “flatter” frequency response found in our reference headphones, including Ultimate Ears' UE18+ and UE RM in-ear monitors, and Audeze's more affordable EL-8 planar magnetic open-back headphones.
Dan Baker/Digital Trends
Instead, the Clear provide a highly engaging, hyper-realistic soundscape; rattling nickel-plated cymbals clang with more slick metal grit, crunchy sawtooth synths and electric guitars bite with extra crunch, and taut mandolin strings click with textured definition as though you're inches from the fretboard. The cans seem to accentuate almost every audible frequency, leading to absolutely exquisite instrumental detail and, as you might guess by the name, stunning clarity. Shocking, really. The Clear are unflinchingly lucid, especially in the higher register, feeling almost like x-ray goggles for your ears, allowing you to peer your way through productions of the utmost complexity and isolate every note, every string slide, and every lip movement effortlessly.
The Clear's almost supernatural revelations in well-worn tracks lead to a scavenger hunt of discovery from within your library. One such memorable moment in our review came when listening to the chaotic string section in Radiohead's Burn The Witch. The strings sound almost like they've been remixed through the Clear, offering more musicality, more colorful overtones, and more liveliness to the frantic bowing than we've heard in dozens of previous listens. We could practically analyze individual violin timbres among the chorus, like a storied conductor.
Rattling nickel-plated cymbals clang with more slick metal grit and crunchy sawtooth synths bite with extra crunch.
Other such experiences of sublime detail included Muse's Soldier's Poem, where we heard Matt Bellamy's high harmony in the final chorus cut through the cacophony of sounds for the first time ever; a clearly revealed floor stomp added to the clapping at the end of Ben Folds' My Philosophy, again revealed for the first time; and a riveting mix of flavors in the percussion at the end of Dirty Projectors' Up in Hudson, allowing us to identify not just the location of each instrument in the mix, but also the different pitches and resonances of each little tap strewn across the vast soundstage. You'll hear vocal breath puffs you've never experienced, guitar string slides you'd swear were just added in, and swelling dynamics in the simplest instrumental lines that bring more liveliness and authenticity to virtually anything you audition.
The Clear's ability to magnify your music with incredible power, of course, has dual edges, and with a headphone of this caliber we're a bit more nitpicky as you might imagine. For one thing, the upper register is often a shade or two brighter than what we expect from reference-level headphones, adding some extra zeal to metallic instrumental flavors such as Bob Dylan's jangly guitar strings on It's Alright Ma, or Miles Davis' buzzing muted trumpet from It Never Entered My Mind. Both instruments sounded a little bracing, though not all-out harsh or sibilant. Meanwhile, any sort of harmonic dissonance, distortion, or other recording flaw is wholly exposed by the Clear, to the point that some of our favorite grungier recordings were essentially unlistenable.
That high-powered sound magnification also extends to the bass response, which is so rich, so full, and so present (especially in the lowest frequencies) it mixes with the higher frequencies almost like a subwoofer with a set of high-end studio monitors. Bass is incredibly sumptuous through the Clear, offering authentic reproduction of sub-bass frequencies, velvety mid and upper bass response, and sledge-hammer rigidity from well produced tracks. One particularly luscious moment came in the bass solo from Fleetwood Mac's The Chain, which enters so masterfully, our scribbled notes said simply: “There is no other sound in the world.” The bass is so absolutely encompassing (in a good way), it seems to take over the entire room.
Bass also tended to get just a tad heavy in some of the bassier productions we sent its way, though. The clearest example came when auditioning the first episode of CBS' newest addition to the Star Trek Series, Star Trek: Discovery, where the omnipresent sub-bass frequencies meant to emulate deep space became a bit of a distraction. Listening to other soundtracks and effects from TV and movies seemed to occasionally reveal ballooned bass response, especially during the musical themes — much like what happens when you've connected a regular hi-fi with a powerful subwoofer in your living room. But the issue was, for whatever reason, much more pronounced using the Zodiac than with the A&K SP1000.
Through either device, a few hip hop songs like Anderson .Paak's The Bird, were also a bit heavy in the sub-100Hz domain, though bass is layered with so much chocolatey goodness, it's hard to find much fault. Sampling bass-heavy albums like The Weeknd's Starboy resulted in a pleasurable punch of dance-club verve, and sprinkled in amid those robust and rigid bass lines were plenty of sparkling details, including the near-visceral soda bubbles fizzing as The Weeknd says the line “mixin' up a drink” on Party Monster. That particular detail is another among many we've missed in previous listens, and yet with the Clear it was so … well, clear we felt like we were mixing that drink ourselves.
Apart from our most bass-heavy tracks, the Clear balance the sonic colors well. Tracks that sound well-balanced in our other reference cans remained balanced through the Clear, though again, with some added flavor. The headphones tend to simply amplify whatever tendencies are present in the mix in the first place, usually for the better.
For the vast majority of our review, we found ourselves simply reveling in the sterling clarity and detail afforded by the Clear, which stand as some of the most remarkable over-ear headphones in their class.
Stay Away From Govt Hospitals, JOHESU Warns Nigerians
The thirteen professional associations under the Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU) have warned Nigerians seeking professional medical services to stay away from the Federal Government hospitals and health facilities for the period of ongoing nationwide strike in the health sector.
The associations also declared on Monday that there cannot be peace in the health sector if the provisions of the obnoxious Decree 10 of 1985, which took away the administration of hospitals from core trained professional administrators and place it in the hands of doctors; against what was obtainable in other developed countries.
Specifically, JOHESU stated that there would be a continuos crisis in the sector, when the one who heralded the obnoxious decree in 1985, Professor Isaac Adewole is now the Minister of Health, Pro. Adewole was the National President of the Resident doctors who went on strike to force the Military government to promulgate that decree in 1985.
Briefing journalists in Abuja on the ongoing strike by JOHESU, the professional associations expressed worries about the steps being taken by the government through a circular issued by the Minister of Health and warned of the health danger involved in such steps.
The National President of Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists of Nigeria (AMLSN), Dr. Okara, who spoke on behalf of the 13 associations said the actions and activities of the minister is jeopardizing the life of health care seeking members of the public.
They expressed serious concern that rather than adopt industrial conflict resolution approach, the Federal Ministry of Health acting via Dr. O. J. Amedu, the Head, Department of Hospital Services is now set to exacerbate the situation and the overall impact of the ongoing strike on the populace.
Dr. Okara said: “On April 18th 2018, same day that the strike action commenced, Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH) issued an obnoxious circular ref no. DHS/166/T2/192 to all CMDs, MDs, Heads of Parastatals, Agencies and Institutions under the ministry aimed at not only sabotaging the strike action, but also jeopardizing the life of health care seeking members of the public.
“He copiously cited labour laws, both ILO and the Trade Disputes Act Cap 18, LFN 2014, however they failed to abide by the spirit of those laws as their directives 1(i-v) in the said circular contravene those laws.
“We are further worried and therefore we want to warn members of the public to be wary of seeking healthcare services in all the tertiary health institutions in the country while the strike lasts.
“This is because, in compliance with the obnoxious circular, chief executives of these health institutions have now gone ahead to recruit charlatans and quacks who are mainly their cronies and relatives to hold out as healthcare professionals attending to patients in these hospitals.”
Citing examples, they said, “As we speak to you now we have discovered such cases in some Federal Medical Centres (FMCs) including in the FCT and Owerri where these quacks are now holding sway and maiming patients in the process.
“In one instance, an HIV negative patient has been issued with a positive result. And we have also been reliably informed that one Medical Director, in violation of extant rules on Public Private Partnership (PPP), brought into the hospital premises their relations to help them divert patients to their private hospital and equally stationed some other quacks to help them take patients' specimens to questionable places for analyses.
“Some patients are now being issued with very doubtful Liver and Renal Function test results. No thanks to the promotion of quackery by the FMoH in these institutions to the detriment of the members of the public.”
They called on the DSS to beam its investigative searchlights on all the tertiary hospitals where JOHESU members are currently on strike with a view to unraveling more of these corrupt practices, criminal acts and atrocities.
“In the same vein, it has become very imperative for us as professional associations to warn our members, especially the interns and corpers in these hospitals to ensure that they do not work without the requisite supervision by the appropriate professionals as the consequence of doing so may be incalculable.” They said.
They Called on their members across the country to resist the temptation and lure by “our detractors” to take up any form of employment, locum or otherwise.
They added: “Those found culpable shall be severely dealt with in accordance with the statutory provisions of our various professional bodies. Notwithstanding the draconian directives by the FMoH, we are quick to say that our members will not be cowed by the FMoH's threat to introduce attendance register and enforce ‘no-work-no-pay' rule as neither the FMoH nor Dr Amedu is the right authority to invoke that section of the law.”
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Stay Away From Govt Hospitals, JOHESU Warns Nigerians appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Lincoln Northeast is the overall No. 1 team of the Class A girls basketball district basketball pairings released by the Nebraska School Activities Association on Tuesday.
The Rockets will be the No. 1 team in the A-1 District Tournament, which starts Tuesday, Feb. 21. Northeast will host the last overall seed, Omaha Central. The other two teams in the A-1 tournament, No. 2 Millard North and No. 3 Papillion-LaVista, will face each other the same evening at Millard North.
The team left with the higher seed will host the district championship on Thursday night. That will be the case in all of the other six districts in Class A.
Class B districts will have designated sites for each tournament.
Click here to see the full Class A district pairings. You can find the Class B district pairings by clicking here.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
UPDATE: The advisory has been lifted. (10/6/17)
A boil advisory is in effect in Sacramento, Kentucky.
Water Works officials say the advisory was issued due to a break from their supplier.
It is in effect until further notice.
Follow us online at 14NEWS.com and on Twitter. Click here to download our 14 News mobile app to get breaking news alerts and the latest headlines from around the Tri-State.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
BBNaija! Miracle Shares First Picture After Winning N45million
The winner of Big Brother Naija 2018 ‘Double Wahala' posted their first photo after return to Nigeria yesterday night alongside their four other colleagues. They appreciated their fans who are almost 300,000 for their support and revealed they will be going on a media tour. In their words: “Wow! It's so good to be out here […]
The post BBNaija! Miracle Shares First Picture After Winning N45million appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DEWEY BEACH, Del. — A wild Memorial Day weekend had a happy ending in this beach town after a 19-year-old who apparently didn't know they were pregnant gave birth outside a hotel.
Dewey Beach Police Sgt. Cliff Dempsey tells the News Journal that they got the call about a woman about to ride their bicycle home because they were feeling unwell, but instead gave birth in the parking garage of Hyatt Place. Officers found them holding their baby and took them to a hospital.
Three people were arrested early Sunday after two officers responding to a street brawl were hit by a car and police horse was punched in its face.
Dewey Mayor TJ Redefer said they were “overjoyed” by the birth after “this crazy weekend of Memorial Day fun.”
——
Information from: The News Journal of Wilmington, Del., http://www.delawareonline.com
In what could be an important milestone for future farmers on Mars, two healthy baby worms were recently born in simulated Martian soil. The births took place in an experiment that is helping scientists understand how human settlers might one day grow crops on the Red Planet.
Wieger Wamelink, a biologist at Wageningen University and Research Centre in the Netherlands, is running plant growth experiments in a mixture of NASA-made Martian soil simulants — made from volcanic terrestrial rocks — and pig manure, to which they added live adult worms. University officials said in a statement that the infant worms are the first offspring of adult worms to be born in a Mars soil simulant.
An experiment that resulted in various flowering plants, especially in a Mars soil simulant. The pots were put in water to keep the soil containing the earthworms cool. Wieger Wamelink
Mars is not a naturally habitable environment for life as we know it, so if humans want to live there long term, Red Planet settlers will have to establish closed ecosystem models. (These are essentially large terrariums where factors like temperature and atmospheric moisture can be controlled.) According to the statement, those ecosystems will ideally utilize available waste materials, including human excrement and dead organic matter. That's where the worms come in.
Worms begin the breakdown of organic matter, which is continued by bacteria. That leads to the release into the soil of such vital plant nutrients as nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium, according to the statement from Wageningen University and Research.
DETROIT (AP) — Aaron Rodgers threw three of their four touchdown passes in the second half, lifting the Green Bay Packers to an NFC North-winning 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
Detroit's Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left, but the Packers recovered the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.
The Packers (10-6) closed the regular season with six straight wins, running the table as Rodgers said they could after losing four straight games midway through the season, to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like their team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. They will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game.
Detroit (9-7) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North, spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993.
The Lions, though, will be in the playoffs for the second time in three years with coach Jim Caldwell because the Giants beat the Washington Redskins earlier in the day. The sixth-seeded Lions will play at third-seeded Seattle on Saturday night in a wild-card game.
Rodgers , who was 27 of 39 for 300 yards, threw a go-ahead, 3-yard TD pass to Davante Adams with 9:23 left in the third quarter. Rodgers connected with Geronimo Allison and Adams in the end zone in the fourth quarter to give Green Bay a 14-point lead in a game it trailed 14-7 at halftime.
Stafford put Detroit ahead by a touchdown with a 3-yard pass to Golden Tate with 23 seconds left in the second quarter after Zach Zenner tied it with a 1-yard run.
Stafford was 26 of 41 for 347 yards with two TDs and an interception. They made some fantastic passes and some they sailed over wide-open receivers.
[embedded content]
RODGERS RUNS: Rodgers ran for 42 yards, their third-highest total of the season, on 10 carries. By design, they converted a third-and-1 from the Green Bay 34 with a 13-yard run a bootleg. Rodgers also used their feet to escape sacks and to give their receivers time to get open.
MISSED OPPORTUNITIES: Stafford failed to connect with Tate when they were all by themselves midway through the first quarter, wasting a chance to make a big play to possibly score on Detroit's second drive. Early in the scoreless second period, Matt Prater missed a 39-yard field goal. Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews also missed an opportunity, dropping one of Stafford's passes that they could've possibly returned for a score.
MATTHEW'S MILESTONE: Stafford surpassed 30,000 yards passing for their career, becoming the fastest quarterback to reach the mark. They did it in their 109th game Sunday night against Green Bay. The previous record was held by Dan Marino and Kurt Warner, who did it in 114 games. With a chance to lead the Lions to a signature win, however, Stafford came up short to add to their legacy that they beat bad teams and loses against winning teams.
INJURIES
Packers: Two cornerbacks — Quinten Rollins (neck) and Makinton Dorleant (knee) — were carted off the field minutes apart late in the third quarter and another cornerback — Damarious Randall (knee) — left the game with an injury in the second half. Rollins, who was conscious and able to move, was taken to a hospital. Receiver Randall Cobb (ankle), running back James Starks (concussion) and center JC Tretter (knee) were inactive with injuries.
Lions: Receiver Marin Jones was evaluated late in the game for a concussion, but returned to play. Cornerback Darius Slay returned from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury. Right tackle Riley Reiff was out with a hip injury and was missed, especially when Nick Perry got past their replacement, Corey Robinson, for a possession-ending sack in the third quarter. Robinson left the game with an apparent injury in the second half and
UP NEXT
Packers: Green Bay will play the Giants at Lambeau Field, where it beat them 23-16 in Week 5.
Lions: Detroit, which has won only one playoff game since winning the 1957 NFL title, will face long odds to advance on the road against the Seahawks.
VICTORIA — Former British Columbia premier Dave Barrett, the scrappy but always smiling leader of the province's first New Democrat government, has died in Victoria. They were 87 years old.
Barrett died Friday morning after a long struggle with Alzheimer's disease, a statement from Premier John Horgan's office said.
“He cared deeply about their province and devoted much of their life to trying to make it a better and fairer place to live. Their love of the province was surpassed only by their devotion to their family. They will be sorely missed,” said the statement, issued on behalf of Barrett's family.
First elected to the B.C. legislature in 1960, the former social worker from Vancouver who became known as the champion of the little guy would be elected to the assembly eight times.
They were also elected as a federal New Democrat MP in 1988 in the former Victoria-area riding of Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca.
Barrett made political history when their left leaning New Democrats defeated the five-term Social Credit juggernaut governments of W.A.C. Bennett in 1972. Their three-year government from 1972 to 1975 was short-lived but enduring for its political accomplishments and fireworks.
Barron's magazine dubbed Barrett, “Allende of the North,” after the elected socialist Chilean leader Salvador Allende was deposed in a military coup in 1973.
Barrett's government passed a record 357 bills, including protecting agricultural land, introducing public automobile insurance, providing affordable prescription drugs and creating a provincewide ambulance service.
They introduced welfare reforms and created B.C.'s Labour Relations Board, which allowed workers and employers to attempt to resolve their issues without resorting to the courts. They also stopped the practice of mining in parks.
Many of Barrett's reforms have stood the test of time, including the Agricultural Land Reserve and Pharmacare.
“What they were able to accomplish in a three-year mandate was extraordinary,” Horgan once said in an interview.
Horgan said they were working in Ottawa when Barrett was elected as a federal New Democrat in the late 1980s. Barrett ran to lead the federal NDP in 1989, but lost to Audrey McLaughlin.
“When they came to Ottawa it was like nobody had ever seen anything quite like them before,” said Horgan. “He came to Ottawa with a B.C. swagger. They were so brash and so out there, and holding court.”
But it was Barrett's political rivalry with the Bennett family, former premiers W.A.C. Bennett and Bill Bennett, that provided the ingredients for B.C.'s left-right, no-holds-barred politics, said Horgan.
Barrett dethroned the elder Bennett in the 1972 election, but lost to the younger Bennett in 1975, 1979 and 1983.
“In the day, from the late 1960s to the middle of the 1980s, there was a battle between not just two perspectives, but two powerful people that became iconic in B.C. history,” said Horgan. “They shaped the B.C. battles, the politics the rest of the country looked at. It was the clash of these two giants that held sway over two political dynasties, the Socreds and the NDP.”
Brian Smith, a former Social Credit attorney general, said Barrett and Bennett would stare each other down during long debates in the legislature.
“Barrett and Bennett personally disliked each other,” said Smith. “It was palpable. Barrett would sit there and stare at Bennett and try and put the whammy on him.”
But Smith said they saw Barrett's sense of justice and compassion in action in 2006 when the former premier testified as a character witness for a Victoria barber convicted of tax offences. Smith said Barrett's testimony convinced the judge to sentence the barber to house arrest rather than jail.
“I thought, Dave Barrett, you are a pretty neat guy. Even in your failing years you have time to help somebody,” said Smith. “That was Dave Barrett at their best.”
The B.C. Federation of Labour said Barrett's accomplishments include making it possible for government employees to unionize.
“He was a bold premier for a bold era. Barrett's government marked a political coming of age for our province,” federation president Irene Lanzinger said in a statement. “His term as leader of B.C. certainly wasn't a long time, but it surely was a good time to make B.C. a better place for working people.”
In 2010, B.C.'s Liberal government renamed the viewpoint in Cypress Provincial Park in North Vancouver as Barrett's View.
In Opposition in 1964, Barrett pressed the government to preserve forest land in Cypress Bowl from development and in 1975, as premier, Barrett established Cypress Park.
Barrett received the Order of Canada in 2005 and the Order of British Columbia in 2012.
TORONTO — Police are trying to locate a 16-year-old boy after a gun they were allegedly playing with went off and the bullet lodged in a mattress their sibling way lying on.
Investigators allege the boy was in their bedroom in northwest Toronto last Saturday afternoon playing with a gun.
They say when it went off, the bullet travelled through their bedroom wall into their sibling's room and became lodged in the mattress.
The teen is wanted on nine charges, including using a firearm carelessly, possession of a firearm without a licence, carrying a concealed weapon, and discharging a firearm in a reckless manner.
Police say the suspect is considered armed and dangerous.
Rosie O'Donnell Launches VICIOUS Attack on Trump… They Have No Limit [VIDEO]
Rosie O'Donnell is a vicious, vile human being. I don't approve of President-elect Trump calling their names in public… but then again, the woman is really, really asking for it. Trump and O'Donnell have been attacking each other for over ten years. Rosie stooped so low as to even smear Trump's ten year-old son. They apologized to Melania, but the fact that they would do such a thing tells you all you need to know about Rosie O'Donnell. She's not funny and she's disgusting.
Rosie is now warning that America only has three weeks left to stop a mentally unstable Donald Trump from taking office. First off, he's not mentally unstable, although Rosie O'Donnell themselves may be. Second, he's now President of the United States… just deal with it already and get over it. Rosie was a huge Hillary Clinton supporter and just this last week, urged Obama to go after Russia for interfering in the election. Russia uncovered some of the DNC's dirty laundry, but they had nothing to do with the election itself. Liberals like Rosie just can't accept that Clinton lost because they sucked. Truth hurts, Rosie.
From the Daily Mail:
Comedian Rosie O'Donnell called Donald Trump ‘mentally unstable' in a tweet on Sunday and warned America that they are running out of time to stop him. ‘Donald Trump is mentally unstable,' O'Donnell wrote on Twitter while sharing a link to a CNN article. O'Donnell, who constantly retweets quotes against the leadership of Trump, added that there are ‘less than 3 weeks to stop them America'. The article O'Donnell shared was about author Harry Hurt III, who wrote Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump. Hurt told CNN that they were asked to leave the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach after introducing themselves to the president-elect, who was at the practice range on Friday. Hurt said Trump's behavior was ‘inappropriate' after they claimed in a Facebook post that they received a ‘tongue lashing from the President-elect' on Saturday. O'Donnell's recent comments on Twitter were in response to the incident between Hurt and Trump.
If Rosie O'Donnell thinks they can beat Donald Trump on Twitter, she's even more delusional than I thought. They make a blathering fool of them every single time. Anymore, they just ignores them  They are a loud-mouthed annoying nuisance. Rosie strikes me as a very bitter, mean and unhappy woman.
The author of a decades-old biography critical of Donald Trump says the President-elect asked them to leave a Trump-owned Florida golf course Friday, alleging their presence was “inappropriate.” Harry Hurt III, who penned “Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump,” says they were preparing for a round at the Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach late last week and introduced themselves to the billionaire Republican, who was on a practice range. Trump is right… now that they are the President-elect, it is inappropriate for someone like Hurt to just approach them without getting clearance. This guy sounds like a nut anyway if you ask me and of course the media is just lapping it up. O'Donnell used them as ammo on Twitter, but it didn't work as usual.
Rosie needs to just shut it and go away. She's just making a spectacle of themselves and she's not hurting Trump.  They are however pissing off America in general.
Gambia's political opposition says long-time ruler Yahya Jammeh could be considered a rebel leader if they take up arms and doesn't step down later this month.
Halifa Sallah, spokesperson for Gambia's opposition coalition, gave the firm warning Monday, days after the president railed against the West African regional bloc that has urged them to step down.
Jammeh vowed that any presence of foreign troops in the tiny West African nation would be tantamount to an act of war.
The president's party is challenging the results in the Dec. 1 election won by opposition coalition candidate Adama Barrow.
Meanwhile, President-elect Barrow says they are planning a Jan. 19 inauguration. They have urged Jammeh to open communication channels and peacefully relinquish power after 22 years in office.
Olivia Lone Bear was always at home on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in New Town, North Dakota, their brother Matthew Lone Bear told Dateline. Olivia had five kids under the age of 14, after all, and they were their primary responsibility.
Olivia Lone Bear Searching for Olivia Lone Bear
“She was in-between jobs, so that's all they did – take care of them,” Matthew told Dateline. “She stayed at the house and cooked dinner at night and got the kids to school in the morning.”
Matthew said Olivia, 32, loved being with their kids. Tragically, their youngest child, an infant, passed away. Matthew said Olivia didn't seem depressed anymore, though, and didn't show signs of obvious stress.
“The last time we saw Olivia, they were just herself,” Matthew told Dateline. “She was acting really outgoing and cooked dinner for the family. Just everyday things.”
Life was back to normal. But life was about to drastically change.
On October 24, 2017, Olivia went to the local Sportsman's Bar with friends. According to a release by the Three Affiliated Tribes Police Department (TATPD), Olivia was last seen leaving the bar in a teal Chevy Silverado 2500 HD LT with the North Dakota license plate 839-BRC; Matthew said they were asked not to comment on whether they were alone when they left, because it's an open and active investigation.
Matthew says it seems that Olivia did come home after leaving Sportsman's, though. They told Dateline that family members later found their cell phone, wallet, and money at their home on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation. In the home, family also found the items of clothing Olivia was last seen wearing.
Olivia Lone Bear (right) and their brother, Matthew Lone Bear. Searching for Olivia Lone Bear
After not responding to phone calls for two days, Olivia was reported missing to authorities by family members.
TATPD did not reply to Dateline for comment as of Monday afternoon, but TATPD Detective Sam Lincoln told NBC-affiliate KFYR that search teams combed through nearby waterways in the two weeks following Olivia's disappearance. Detective Lincoln also said there are no signs of foul play.
"That's one of the puzzling things right now, is finding the pick-up truck. We've had no sightings of it since we began," Detective Lincoln told KFYR. "Without finding the vehicle or Olivia herself, there comes a point in time when I'll assign a detective to the case and then he'll be the focal point or the hub for the family and stuff. And then I suppose resources will be diminished.”
Tribal police also told KYFR that authorities across the state are searching for Olivia. They said their information has been submitted into a national criminal database to work with other law enforcement agencies.
Olivia's brother Matthew told Dateline that TATPD hasn't been as helpful as the family would like.
“The problem is we're getting help from outside people and agencies, but when they get to the part when they have to coordinate with the TATPD, [the TATPD] are turning them away,” Matthew told Dateline. “They're supposed to be investigating this, but they're missing information.”
Matthew said that investigators did come to talk to the family about Olivia's disappearance – but only about five weeks after they went missing.
“They should have come to talk to us right when they were reported missing,” Matthew said. “We don't even know who the lead investigators are. We try to be civil and work with them, but there's a lack of transparency from them.”
Matthew told Dateline the family is leading the ground searches, but the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation alone is almost one million acres. But at a December 2 press conference in New Town, Olivia's family made their message clear: they're not giving up.
"We're gonna still look. We're not gonna quit," Olivia's father Harley Lone Bear told media at the press conference.
Olivia Lone Bear Searching for Olivia Lone Bear
"Don't wait for law enforcement, because people have this false sense of security that when you file a missing person report, that all of the officers and detectives jump in their cars and run all over the place looking for this person. And that's simply not true," Lissa Yellowbird-Chase, who has been helping search for Olivia, said at the press conference.
North Dakota Senator Heidi Heitkamp (D) has also joined the search efforts for Olivia, as advocating for Native American woman has been a hallmark of the Senator's platform. In October 2017, Senator Heitkamp introduced “Savana's Act,” which is legislation to combat the epidemic of murdered and missing Native women and girls.
According to Senator Heitkamp's website, “on some reservations, Native women are murdered at ten times the national average, and 84 percent of Native women have experienced violence in their lifetime.” The North Dakota Senator also started the #NotInvisible campaign on social media “to bring attention to the epidemic of murdered and missing Native American women.” New Jersey Senator Cory Booker (D), Cindy McCain (wife of Arizona Senator John McCain (R)), and actor Mark Ruffalo have supported Heitkamp's campaign online.
Senator Heitkamp has posted several times about Olivia's disappearance. Matthew says awareness and help with the search efforts are exactly what the family needs.
“We need more boots on the ground,” they told Dateline.
Olivia Lone Bear is described as being 5'6”, 130 lbs., with brown hair and brown eyes. When they were last seen, Olivia was said to be wearing light-colored blue jeans and a black Columbia jacket with a hot pink lining and a hot pink Columbia logo on the left shoulder. They have scars on their right front shoulder and one on their palms. They have several tattoos, including Roman numerals on their right arm.
The family is offering a $20,000 reward for anyone with information leading to Olivia's whereabouts. For updates on Olivia's case, and for information on how to help, please visit searchingforolivia.com or the Searching for Olivia Lone Bear Facebook page. If you have any information of Olivia's case, please call the New Town Police Department at (701) 627-6141.
WASHINGTON — A new White House memo seeks to keep parts of President Donald Trump's immigration executive order alive, even as its broader implementation remains stalled due to court injunctions.
The presidential memo, sent on Wednesday afternoon to the attorney general, the secretary of Homeland Security, and director of national intelligence, seeks to extend the viability of one of the travel ban's key pieces: the temporary suspension, for a period of 90 days, of immigration to the United States from six predominantly Muslim countries — Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Despite Appeals Court Ruling, WH Claims Travel Ban 'Fully Lawful' 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That 90-day period was about to expire, with some challengers of the ban using the lapsing timetable to reason that the executive order was now moot. By setting a new date for the ban's implementation, the administration may be able to argue that it has not expired.
The memo also allows for the government to begin carrying out studies on the dependability of visa background check information from those six countries. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court lifted that narrow part of their stay on the executive order while maintaining other stays that prevent wider implementation.
President Trump has promised to take the fight for the travel ban, one of their signature campaign promises, all the way to the Supreme Court. Earlier this month, the Department of Justice asked the Supreme Court to allow the "ban" to take effect, while also asking the court to fast-track the case.
“We have asked the Supreme Court to hear this important case and are confident that President Trump's executive order is well within their lawful authority to keep the nation safe and protect our communities from terrorism," Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores said at the time.
Since that request, the ban has been dealt additional legal blows.
On Monday, three judges on a panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld an earlier decision by a Hawaii federal judge to block the government from enforcing the travel executive order. The judicial trio argued that while the president does have "broad powers to control the entry of aliens, and to take actions to protect the American public," immigration "is not a one-person show" and, as a result, the president's authority is subject to restraints.
The White House has consistently argued that the travel ban is well within Trump's powers as president — with Trump themselves defending the ban as a necessity in a time of chaos.
"We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights," they tweeted in the immediate aftermath of a terror attack in London. "We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!"
Interview with the EVP and CFO: Farmers & Merchants Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:FMAO)
Barbara J. Britenriker is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Farmers & Merchants Bancorp Inc. in Archbold, Ohio, an over $1.1 billion community bank. Ms. Britenriker has served on many boards such as Financial Women International. They have filled many positions during their association with FWI including a past Maumee Valley Group and District of Ohio President. Them time is spent involved in many other organizations. They currently serve as a trustee for Ohio Foundation of Independent Colleges, Junior Achievement of Archbold board member, Past President of Rotary Club of Archbold and Archbold Athletic Boosters.  They are also active in their religious community, having served on the financial committee, as an education instructor and an active Eucharistic minister. As a graduate of Defiance College, Ms. Britenriker received a Bachelor of Science with a double major in mathematics with computer science and business administration. They received their master's degree in business administration with a major in accounting from the University of Toledo.  They are a graduate of the Ohio Bankers Association School of Banking and graduated from the Graduate School of Banking, Madison, Wisconsin. Profile
Ms. Britenriker: We are a commercial bank and built on
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
TIJUANA, Mexico — Hundreds of Central American migrants traveling through Mexico in a caravan began arriving in the border city Tuesday, with many still intent on seeking asylum despite fresh threats of prosecution and deportation from the Trump administration.
Numerous tents were set up at the Movimiento Juventud 2000 shelter in Tijuana, just south of California, to house the migrants — who have said they are fleeing violence and persecution in their home countries — before they attempt to surrender at the U.S. Port of Entry.
About 300 migrants are expected to sleep in the shelter before taking the last step of attempting to cross the border and possibly request asylum. It's the largest number of migrants taking part in the caravan to reach the border — about 50 members arrived late last week, Reuters reported.
María, a 17-year-old from Honduras who arrived Monday with their one-year-old son, José Roberto, sought asylum at the U.S. border immediately. They were turned away, they said, and plans to try again.
A Honduran asylum seeker, Maria, 17, with their son Jose Roberto in a Tijuana shelter near the U.S.-Mexico border. Annie Rose Ramos / NBC News
They told NBC News on Tuesday that they traveled with few belongings: a small backpack that had only a couple of diapers for José, a few changes of clothes for themselves and a comb for them hair.
"This is all I have," they said on their belongings.
José's shoes sat in a corner of the shelter as they ran around barefoot among the brightly colored tents set up for the rest of the families from the caravan.
María said they left Honduras after José's father threatened to kill them
Unless you're willing to spend upwards of £4000 on a Nikon D5 or Sony A9, this camera has the best feature set of any DSLR around.
While those two full-frame rivals tend to be used more for action and sports than landscape, macro or portrait shots (largely due to their lower resolution sensors), the D850 is a genuine all-rounder, and a great one at that.
You get both a super high resolution sensor, and a camera which copes reasonably well with fast-moving subjects. That's thanks to an upgrade in frame rate – it can now shoot at 7.5fps (or 9fps if you attach the additional D850 grip), and the AF system is the same used in the fantastic D5.
The D850 is capable of locking onto your subject very quickly and easily, even in lower light conditions. Moving subjects are also dealt with easily, especially for ones that have a reasonably predictable pattern of movement. The only complaint we have about autofocus is that all of the AF points are grouped towards the centre of the frame - that means that there will be occasions when you need to focus and recompose.
To facilitate fast frame rates, the D850 has two memory card slots. One for SD, which is compatible with the fast UHS-II format. The other is for the even faster XQD format, though cards of this type can set you back upwards of £70 for 32GB, as right now they're made by very few manufacturers.
One of the downsides of having such a high resolution sensor is massive file sizes. In short, if you're shooting both JPEGs and RAW files, you're gonna need a bigger hard drive.
Still, if you're a professional working in the field who needs to get shots of a football match or a news event across quickly, you'll be pleased to know that you can shoot in lower resolution modes and still have access to raw files.
You can also use the great DX crop mode, which essentially works with the central part of the sensor as if you were using an APS-C sensor. If you're wondering why you might want this, it basically means that your long lenses can appear even longer and get you closer to the action.
Since you have all those extra megapixels to play with, effectively cropping into the image still leaves you with an incredibly useable 19 megapixels.
Silent shooting is another feature that's very useful in certain situations, such as quiet moments in your grandad's bowls tournament, or during weddings. Compact system cameras have traditionally ruled this area, with DSLRs only dabbling with mixed success. Well, on the D850, there's a fully silent mode that can be activated when shooting in Live View.
Okay, it's not a perfect solution by any means, as you have to use the screen to compose. Another major downside is that while shooting in Live View in this setting, you're restricted to slower (contrast detect) autofocus, which means you could miss the odd shot or two. Or certainly more than you're likely to miss when shooting through the viewfinder.
Still, these gripes aside, it's certainly nice to have the option of shooting full resolution at 6fps completely silently. If you're prepared shoot at 8MP in JPEG format, which is still fine for social media, you can go even further and shoot at 30fps.
One thing DSLRs do beat CSCs every time is battery life, and it's no different with the D850 – it gives you a claimed 1840 shots per charge. Certainly, we've never had it die on us, or had to worry about spare batteries while testing.
The D850 also offers something of a CSC's convenience thanks to its SnapBridge wireless connectivity. This works by using Bluetooth to maintain a connection to your smartphone for image transfers, so you don't have to manually connect every time.
Setting the app up to reduce file sizes to 2MP for transfer is pretty much essential, if you don't want your phone to fill up, and you don't want the transfer to take several hours. You can also connect via Wi-Fi for quicker transfer times, or to remotely control the camera.
HOUSTON - Veronica Rivas, 20, made an appearance at Harris County court Tuesday morning to go over their bond conditions.
Rivas walked out of court with family and their attorney by their side. They face two counts of intoxication manslaughter after a deadly crash in February killed 3-month-old Braylan Joseph and their mother, Shayla Joseph, 36.
Rivas will be allowed to go to work and church, but they cannot get behind the wheel.
Them attorney said while Rivas takes full responsibility for their actions and they believe they may have been supplied alcohol to be taken advantage of.
Prosecutors said Rivas was behind the wheel driving 90 miles per hour along a gulf freeway feeder near I-45 and El Dorado when they crashed into the vehicle carrying the mother and son.
Rivas' blood-alcohol content was .21, more than twice the legal limit.
Three others were charged in the crash, too.
The bartender who served Rivas and two others who are accused of buying the drinks were also charged. This is the first prosecution for the District Attorney Task Force, which tracked down everyone suspected of contributing who to the crash.
"I think what it's going to show is that my client was placed in a bad situation, and they were trying to escape the situation and made a bad choice, and that bad choice cost some lives," said Rivas' attorney, Paul Houston Lavalle. "I've been doing this for 30-plus years, and I've never seen a client as remorseful and sorrowful. There are more than two victims in this case."
Rivas are currently out on bond and faces 40 years behind bars if convicted.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Tafuna, AMERICAN SAMOA — Less than a year after it was commissioned, the American Samoa Power Authority's (ASPA) new operations building in Tafuna has achieved LEED platinum status, making it one of only two buildings in the territory to be certified as such. The AS Environmental Protection Agency building in Utulei is the other.
ASPA Executive Director Utu Abe Malae has been informed of the news, and the certification serves as testament to rigorous efforts in trying to steer the territory into being more environmentally responsible.
ASPA's building was awarded 81 out of 110 points, according to the LEED certification review report, a copy of which has been obtained by Samoa News.
(LEED, or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, is a rating system devised by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC) to evaluate the environmental performance of a building and encourage market transformation towards sustainable design).
The 25-page LEED certification review report for the ASPA operations center contains the results of the technical review of an application for LEED certification, submitted for the project.
"LEED certification is an official recognition that a project complies with the requirements prescribed within the LEED rating systems as created and maintained by the US Green Building Council (USGBC). The LEED certification program is administered by Green Business Certification Inc. (GBCI)."
According to the report, for water efficiency, the ASPA building scored a perfect 10 out of 10 in areas including "water efficiency landscaping", "innovative wastewater technologies", and "water use reduction".
As for indoor environmental quality, the building attained a perfect 1 out of 1 score in thermal comfort (design), thermal comfort (verification), and controllability of systems lighting.
ASPA scored 25 out of 26 in the sustainable sites category, achieving a perfect score in every element except for one: Brownfield Redevelopment.
For "regional priority credits", the semi-autonomous agency scored a perfect 4 out of 4 in water efficient landscaping, water use reduction, and storm water design (quality control).
According to the report, construction application decisions are classified as follows: Certified (score of 40-49); Silver (50-59 points); Gold (6- 79 points); and Platinum (80+ points).
The Trump administration argues that this one is different because it was imposed only after the administration surveyed more than 200 countries for their effectiveness in providing information about the backgrounds of visa applicants and their success in fighting terrorism at home.
A central question in the case is how much power the president has to block the entry of millions of foreign nationals.
The Justice Department argues that the Constitution and federal laws give the president "broad authority to suspend or restrict the entry of aliens outside the United States when they deem it in the nation's interest." While immigration law doesn't require the president to spell out detailed findings before they invoke the authority, the government says, the September proclamation "is more detailed as a matter of both process and substance than any prior order" limiting travel.
Other presidents have used this power to ban travel by large classes of people, says Solicitor General Noel Francisco, such as President Ronald Reagan, who suspended entry by all Cuban nationals in retaliation for Cuba's suspension of an immigration agreement.
But the challengers say the law gives the president power to ban only foreign nationals who share some characteristic making them harmful to admit to the U.S. In this case, says Neal Katyal, representing Hawaii, "it bans the immigration of a sprawling group of 150 million who share nothing in common but nationality."
What's more, they say, the president can only suspend admission — that is, ban issuing visas — temporarily. The current ban, by contrast, is more or less permanent.
The challengers also say the travel ban is unconstitutional because it is based on religious animus, citing frequent promises from Donald Trump, as a candidate and as president, to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.
"Any reasonable observer who heard the president's campaign promises," Katyal says, "would see this as the fulfillment of the president's promise to prohibit Muslim immigration to the United States."
But the government says the proclamation's history and text are neutral with regard to religion. It was the result, the Justice Department says, of foreign policy and security decisions by several government agencies.
The first executive order on travel, announced Feb. 1, 2017, caused chaos at major airports when border officials refused to admit travelers who were in flight when the rules went into effect. It was quickly blocked by the courts. Enforcement of a revised travel ban, issued about a month later, was also stopped by lower court judges. The Supreme Court allowed it to be enforced except for visa applicants with family or other close U.S. connections, but it expired before it was to be the subject of a full blown Supreme Court review.
After the justices hear the case on Wednesday morning, a transcript and an audio recording of the courtroom argument will be posted by 2 p.m. ET on the court's website, www.supremecourt.gov.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
LAKE FOREST, Ill. (AP) - After eight surgeries and nearly losing their left leg, Chicago Bears tight end Zach Miller still refuses to rule out a return to the football field.
In their first visit to Halas Hall since their Oct. 29 injury, Miller on Monday expressed thanks for the support they received from the Bears, teammates and fans after vascular surgery to repair a torn artery resulting from a knee injury.
"I've been a football player my whole life," Miller said. "I would love to play football. We'll cross that road when it's time."
Miller said the possibility of losing their left leg was very real in the hours after the injury against the Saints.
They have been through all those surgeries, some related to the dislocated knee and some to the artery. It's possible they may require more operations.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A 49-year-old Wilson Borough woman is charged with stealing the wallets of three women who work in a Wind Gap hair salon, authorities report.
Christina Marie Ott, of the 1500 block of Lehigh Street, was arraigned at 8:40 p.m. Sunday before District Judge James Narlesky on two counts of theft, records show. They were sent to Northampton County Prison in lieu of $10,000 bail, records show. They remained jailed on Monday morning.
Ott entered Holiday Hair just before 3 p.m. June 16 at 831 Male Road, gave a phony name and said they wanted their hair colored, police said. Soon after they asked to use the restroom and found the employees' belongings nearby, Slate Bet Regional police said.
They took a $160 Michael Kors wallet that contained $160, as well as a $35 wallet that had $50 inside and a $45 wallet with $150, police said. When Ott returned to the front of the salon, they said they needed to step out for a moment and never returned, police said.
The wallets -- with IDs still in place -- were found soon after at Wind Gap Park and turned over to police, court papers say.
MORE: They wanted to go home, but it was rented
Once the victims were notified, police obtained surveillance footage showing Ott in the parking lot, court papers say.
Working with other police agencies, Slate Belt Regional investigators developed Ott as a suspect and one of the victims was able to identify them from a photo lineup, police said.
Details of Ott's arrest weren't immediately available.
Them preliminary hearing is tentatively scheduled 9 a.m. Aug. 25 in District Judge Douglas Schlegel's court in Wind Gap.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
LONDON — Bill Browder, an American-born investment fund manager and foe of Russian President Vladmir Putin, was briefly detained in Spain Wednesday on suspicion of having committed fraud.
Spanish national police later told NBC News that Browder had not been formally arrested and had been released after "checking a possible claim against their name."
The financier — who has led a campaign to punish Russian officials they blame for the 2009 death of lawyer Sergei Magnitsky — tweeted that they had been taken into custody in Madrid and was headed for a police station.
The London-based Browder, who is head of investment fund Hermitage Capital Management, also posted a photo which appeared to have been taken from the back of a police vehicle.
Bill Browder posted this photo on Twitter Wednesday with the message: "In the back of the Spanish police car going to the station." @Billbrowder / Twitter
Shortly afterwards, the Kremlin critic posted an image of a Spanish warrant which said they had been arrested on suspicion of fraud. The document did not reference Russia.
This is the arrest warrant pic.twitter.com/Cr1Sf4vS4a — Bill Browder (@Billbrowder) May 30, 2018
Browder's detention comes five months after a Russian court sentenced them to nine years in prison in absentia after finding them guilty of deliberate bankruptcy and tax evasion. The Russian Prosecutor General's office said that the tax evasion by Browder and co-defendant Ivan Cherkasov had caused some $58.76 million in damage to the Russian federal budget. Browder denies Russia's allegations against him.
Browder employed Russian lawyer Magnitsky, who was arrested in 2008 shortly after alleging that Russian officials were involved in large-scale tax fraud. Magnitsky died in a Moscow prison a year later.
Magnitsky had said they were denied medical care in an effort to persuade them to confess to tax evasion and give evidence against Browder. Putin has dismissed allegations of foul play against Magnitsky and said they died of heart failure.
In 2012, the United States passed a law known as the Magnitsky Act under which it has imposed visa bans and asset freezes on Russian officials linked to the lawyer's death.
Browder has attempted to get several other countries to impose so-called Magnitsky sanctions against Russian individuals.
Earlier this month, Britain passed a so-called “Magnitsky Amendment” to its Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Bill, allowing the country to impose sanctions on people who commit gross human rights violations.
The amendment is not specifically aimed at Russians, but follows a low point in relations between Britain and Russia following a nerve agent attack in England on former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia in March. Britain blames Russia for the attack.
In March, former Russian spy Boris Karpichkov told NBC News that Browder was on a Kremlin "hit list" along with themselves and Skripal, a former double agent.
Browder was once a supporter of Putin. They made millions investing in post-Soviet Russia and gave up their American citizenship in 1997.
NEW YORK (AP) — Citing a Comcast statement, the Wall Street Journal reported that the cable company is no longer in discussions to buy pieces of 21st Century Fox . That could open the door to a Disney bid.
Comcast declined to provide its statement to the Associated Press.
A person familiar with the situation, who was not permitted to discuss the matter publicly, confirmed the end of negotiations.
The Journal said Disney is currently talking with Fox and that a deal could be announced this week. Fox declined to comment.
Disney is planning to launch its own streaming services as a way of contending with changes in the entertainment industry and deep-pocketed tech companies that are building their own video divisions. Buying parts of Fox could give it more material to stream.
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said during a visit to Cairo that there was "no alternative" to a two-state solution for Israel and the Palestinians.
"There is no alternative solution for the situation between the Palestinians and Israelis, other than the solution of establishing two states and we should do all that can be done to maintain this," they said.
GUINDA, Calif. — Crews are making progress against a Northern California wildfire that threatens hundreds of buildings but say wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
California officials said the fire in rural counties northwest of Sacramento was 25 per cent contained as of Wednesday morning. That's up from 15 per cent the previous day.
It has burned through 129 square miles (334 square kilometres) after igniting Saturday. Some areas have been under evacuation orders for days.
It's among the massive wildfires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
A pit bull bit its owner and attacked two other family members in Florida after a struggle to put a sweater on the dog Friday, police said.
According to the Tampa Bay Times, the incident occurred at around 2:30 p.m. in Tampa. Police said Brenda Guerrero, 52, tried to put the sweater on the dog, named Scarface, but the dog attacked them
Them husband Ismael Guerrero, 46, was attacked when they tried to pull the dog off of them Antoine Harris, 22, was attacked after trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the head and neck, the paper reported.
All three were able to escape into the house, while the dog remained in the backyard.
Hillsborough County Animal Control and Tampa police responded to the scene. Animal services shot the dog with a tranquilizer gun.
Police said the dog reentered the home and made it to a back room where two young children were in, and that's when police used a bean bag gun and a Taser to control the dog. Animal services was able to subdue the dog with a catch pole.
Brenda and Ismael Guerrero were taken to a hospital. According to WTSP-TV, Brenda Guerrero's injuries were serious, but not life threatening.
Click for more from the Tampa Bay Times.
Let me get one thing straight. I did not go looking for a hot tub. I didn't know I wanted a hot tub. I had no designs on getting a hot tub. The hot tub came looking for me.
I was minding my own business when a hot tub came across my path for the low, low auction price of like $12. Probably $12.50 after tax? In my defense, who turns down a $12 hot tub? In retrospect, probably anyone with an ounce of sense.
My problem is that I tend to know people and have access to things that get us into trouble. Things like trailers and equipment that can easily lift an old, used hot tub and put it neatly onto said trailer.
Most importantly, Mr. Wonderful, and now BoyWonder, are marvelous sports who semi-happily pick up “purchased on a whim” ridiculous things like old hot tubs. Honestly, when will those two joker's learn to say no? Clearly, this is all on them.
Right space
As it turns out, once you get a hot tub you need a perfectly flat spot for a hot tub. Who knew? Again, probably everybody who isn't me.
So, of course, this necessitated a deck for the hot tub. You can't just slap a hot tub down on the grass (or so I'm told). This is how the $12 hot tub ended up sitting on a much costlier deck.
Thank goodness, the WonderGuys are handy, but it's not like wood just grows on trees. Wait?
Does it work?
Anyway, we were now quite a few dollars into the deck to hold the hot tub that we don't even know actually works or not. Upon poking around in the guts of the tub, we realized we had some pipes with a space between them. Just open air there. That seemed … unwise. I'm not a hot tub engineer, but it seems like water is not to be trusted to not go gushing out of openings like that.
We set out to research what was supposed to be there? What was the missing link? Gear? Pipe? Pump? Gremlin? It should be noted that more than one friend voted for “Flux Capacitor” and insisted that we actually had a hot tub time machine.
I may not know much about hot tubs, but I do know I have the coolest friends.
Alas, a little internet sleuthing proved it was missing a pump. Have you priced pumps lately? They are definitely more than $12.
At this point, Mr. Wonderful noted that my “almost free hot tub” was costing considerably more than $12. Like much more. But at this point, we were in. So I ordered the pricey pump and waited.
The pump arrived on Friday. Saturday, with much enthusiasm on my part, and much less on Mr. Wonderful's, we installed the new pump. By “we” I mean Mr. wonderful, of course. I don't know anything about pumps.
Then came the exciting moment when we would just add water. Things went well until about the one-fourth full mark when we noticed a small leak around another pump gasket.
It should be noted that this hot tub has two pumps. When I purchase wholly unnecessary items I like to go for the most extravagant versions, thus ensuring that everything will cost more.
Hello, parts department. Small leak into pump turned into large leak when we cracked the gasket. Of course, we did. No worries, because a new gasket will only set us back a bit, but the parts have to come from California. Of course, they do.
So now we wait for a gasket, to be able to fill the tub, so we can actually hook up the electrical and see if all the other pricey parts work or if they will need replaced, one at a time, from California.
This is how you end up with a wholly unplanned hot tub at your house. This is also how an “almost free hot tub” landed us in hot water.
Or so we hope.
OMNISPORT
Italy failed to secure a World Cup play-off spot as they were held to an uninspiring 1-1 draw with Macedonia at the Stadio Olimpico.
Victory would have assured Gian Piero Ventura's side of another chance to qualify behind group winners Spain, but they were unable to see out a win in Torino.
The Azzurri barely got out of second gear against their stubborn visitors but took a first-half lead through Giorgio Chiellini.
5 - Immobile, Buffon, De Rossi, Belotti, Eder are the only 5 players with 10+ appearances for Italy under Gian Piero Ventura. Answer. — OptaPaolo (@OptaPaolo) October 6, 2017
They were made to pay for their sluggish second-half display when Palermo forward Aleksandar Trajkovski lashed home in the 77th minute to claim a memorable point for Igor Angelovski's side.
Italy travels to Albania on Monday for their final Group G game and will want a significantly improved performance to try to secure a play-off spot.
The Azzurri, captained by Gianluigi Buffon wearing their traditional blue shirt on their 172nd international appearance, looked sharp in the early stages and should have been ahead inside eight minutes.
Ciro Immobile and Lorenzo Insigne combined cleverly on the edge of the Macedonia area to allow the latter to break through a static defence and force Stole Dimitrievski into a smart save.
5 - Giorgio #Chiellini scored at least 1 goal for Italy under all the last 5 managers: Donadoni, Lippi, Prandelli, Conte, Ventura. Durable. — OptaPaolo (@OptaPaolo) October 6, 2017
Macedonia, clearly not content to sit back and soak up pressure, carved out an excellent opportunity of their own 10 minutes later, but Goran Pandev's crisp volley was well held by Buffon.
Italy then wasted two glorious opportunities to take the lead.
Insigne met Marco Parolo's clipped cross in the middle of the area but their header lacked direction and was gathered by Dimitrievski.
The Macedonia goalkeeper should have been called into action again shortly after when Davide Zappacosta pulled down a deep cross inside the area. The Chelsea defender scuffed their half-volley horribly over, though.
The mounting pressure paid off five minutes before the break as Chiellini scored their eighth goal for their country.
5 - Macedonia fired 5 shots (2 on target) in the 2nd half, Italy only one (0 on target). Suffering. #ItaliaMacedonia #ITAMAC — OptaPaolo (@OptaPaolo) October 6, 2017
Insigne sliced open the Macedonia defence with an incisive pass into the path of Immobile, who slid in a first-time cross for the Juventus defender to coolly slot through the legs of Dimitrievski.
The second half was played out at a pedestrian pace with the first attempt on goal not coming until the 64th minute. Stefan Spirovski tried their luck from distance, but Buffon was equal to their sweetly struck shot.
The Juventus stopper was in the right place again a few minutes later to keep out Ilija Nestorovski's header from a teasing cross.
Macedonia's positive second-half display was rewarded 13 minutes from time when Trajkovski latched onto Pandev's throughball to fire an unstoppable shot past Buffon into the bottom-left corner.
Substitute Federico Bernardeschi drilled a long-range effort wide in the closing stages, but three points would only have served to flatter Ventura's side after a hugely disappointing performance.
Kogi Gov denies funding recall move against Melaye
Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has denied allegations that they earmarked N1 billion for the recall of Dino Melaye, a senator representing Kogi West Senatorial district.
Bello who spoke to newsmen after a private meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo called on the Nigerian Senate to check they excesses of members that have deviant tendencies so they are not all addressed as same breed.
The governor who told newsmen that they came to the Acting President on the development in their state, spoke against the background of political crisis between them and Melaye which is reported to have claimed two lives.
At the weekend, reports said Melaye's constituency had commenced the collection of Melaye's recall from the Senate.
Denying that they were funding the bid to recall Melaye from the Senate, the governor said, “That is their own figment of their imagination. The good people of Okunland and indeed west senatorial district have learnt from a bitter mistake of not taming and curbing that social deviant and they have decided to take lawful steps in recalling him.
“You see I would rather admonish Nigerians that when a child lacks proper parental care and home upbringing, they constitute social menace in the society. And if the society does not take steps to check and correct such a child, they can turn into criminal and take into criminality then it will be left to government to check such criminality. And if government does not, such a child can cause a serious embarrassment. That is what is happening in Kogi State.
“Then talking of the Senate, let me rather admonish the Senate that, that is an institution that is held in a very high esteem and I think the Senate and indeed the National Assembly is made up of men of high caliber and of high integrity and good character. I think it is necessary that, that wonderful house should as matter of urgency and as a matter of fact check any social deviant that exists within them before they could be adjudged birds of the same feather. I know they are not of the same feather.
“But sincerely speaking Kogi State is living in peace, projects are ongoing, we are all happy over there, salaries are being paid as at when due and we are making serious progress.”
Elizabeth Archibong
The post Kogi Gov denies funding recall move against Melaye appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Joseph Yobo Proposed After 3months – Adaeze Yobo Reveals
Nigerian footballer, Joseph Yobo and their wife, Ex-beauty queen, Adaeze Yobo took to their social media page to celebrate their 7th wedding anniversary. The couple who through the seven years of their marital journey have been blessed with two sons and another on the way celebrated one another for the love and care through the…
The post Joseph Yobo Proposed After 3months – Adaeze Yobo Reveals appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
5 songs you need to stream this week: Chance The Rapper, Ryan Adams, and more
Not sure what new music to listen to? We'll let you know what new tracks and albums dropping this week are worthy of your attention. Up this week: Chance The Rapper, Ryan Adams, and more.
The post 5 songs you need to stream this week: Chance The Rapper, Ryan Adams, and more appeared first on Digital Trends.
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CAGUAS, Puerto Rico — Brenda Figueroa, 29, a lawyer in Puerto Rico isn't representing clients in court today — they are one of hundreds waiting on a long line at Walgreens Sunday, hoping for a refill on their grandmother's blood pressure prescription, treatment they desperately need.
In towns like Caguas, just forty minutes southeast of San Juan, cell phone and internet coverage still have not been restored. Medication is in short supply and residents are waiting anxiously for medical care.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Many Puerto Rico residents still waiting for basic necessities 1:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Related: Famed Puerto Rican Beach Town Desperate for Medical Help
“I've been to three Walgreens. I've been turned away twice. They say they don't have the systems, so ... they won't dispatch these medications,” said Figueroa, who has patiently waited hours for the life-saving medication.
Dr. John Torres, NBC News Medical Corresopondent, treats a wound on Ana Maria Ortiz's foot. The Puerto Rican native has been waiting to see a doctor since Hurricane Maria hit 14 days ago. Lauren Dunn
The “system” Figueroa is referring to is the computer authentication program needed to verify their grandmother's prescription. As of Tuesday, only 76 of the 120 Walgreen pharmacies across the island are open, many on a limited basis and powered by generators.
On Monday, the pharmacy chain said in a statement that “many of our open stores have network connectivity via the internet because those connections are separate from phone or cell service”, but later noted that “some select locations may have systems that are impacted intermittently by the ongoing power and connectivity issues.”
“Puerto Ricans always help Puerto Ricans, we'll get back on our feet soon.”
In Caguas, temporary pharmacy services are being set up and disaster relief organizations such as Heart to Heart International are working with local authorities to get medication to the most vulnerable: anti-rejection drugs to prevent organ failure in transplant patients and daily blood pressure medications for the elderly. Heart to Heart has 18 volunteer doctor, nurses, and administrators from around the U.S. and has been in Puerto Rico for 10 days.
Related: Hurricane Maria Leaves Puerto Rico Facing Months Without Power
“Getting medication is a big challenge,” said Susan Mangicaro, executive director of global response for Heart to Heart International.
Local pharmacies have been ordered by the Secretary of Health to provide medication for all uninsured patients, Mangicaro said, although some patients are reporting problems with getting their prescriptions filled. "Medical emergencies become crises without access to medication,” said Mangicaro, acknowledging that difficulty in communication, especially in mountainous regions, has hampered the response time for medical care. "But we're beginning to see our efforts fall into place."
Related: FEMA Chief Brock Long Says Puerto Rico Relief ‘Most Logistically Challenging Event' U.S. Has Ever Seen
For Brenda Figueroa, a positive outlook and a healthy perspective have helped them survive the dire aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
“I know it's a difficult situation, it's difficult for everybody, so you know, we just have to work with what we have right now and hopefully soon we will get what we need,” said Figueroa. “Puerto Ricans always help Puerto Ricans. We'll get back on our feet soon.”
NBC News medical correspondent Dr. John Torres reported from Caguas, Puerto Rico; NBC News medical fellow Shamard Charles, M.D. is in New York
Gabe Long, Senior Product Manager for Office 365, offers a demo-rich overview of the new Microsoft 365 Business which gives small business owners a single solution comprising the productivity and collaboration capabilities of Office; plus built-in data protection and an easy way to manage users, devices and data, all within a single admin console.
This video is from the fine folks at Microsoft.
The German government says the leaders of Germany, Russia, Ukraine and France have renewed their commitment to implementing a faltering peace deal for eastern Ukraine.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's office said the German leader spoke by phone Monday night with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and French President Francois Hollande.
A 2015 peace deal brokered by France and Germany has helped reduce the scale of fighting, but violence has continued and attempts at a political settlement have failed.
The German statement early Tuesday said the four leaders stressed their commitment to implementing the “security and political aspects of the deal,” underlined the importance of respecting a cease-fire and urged progress on the exchange of prisoners.
They voiced hope that the four-country format will continue under France's next president.
SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Samsung announced on Monday a batch of cheaper, water-resistant smartphones.
The move marks the company's first product unveiling since the launch of the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7.
Later this month, Samsung will launch three new versions of its Galaxy A smartphone, the low-cost alternative to the flagship Galaxy S line. As of now, the devices are set to launch in Russia and expand to other markets thereafter.
Called the Galaxy A3, A5, and A7 -- differentiated by screen size -- the devices are water and dust resistant for the first time. The phones will also include a new 16-megapixel camera, including a "selfie mode" that lets you tap anywhere to take a photo.
The A3 features a 4.7-inch display, while the A5 clocks in at 5.2 inches, and the A7 is 5.7 inches.
The series resembles Samsung's high-end Galaxy S line and features a fingerprint sensor, metal frame and a 3D glass backing (available in black, gold, blue and pink). However, the inside of the phones pack less processing power than Galaxy S phones and and max out at just 32GB of internal storage, without an external SD card.
Pricing has not yet been announced, but the Galaxy A series devices -- which debuted in 2014 -- typically start at under $400 for the smaller-sized models. Samsung's Galaxy S line starts at $800.
The update to the line comes as the company looks to move past the Note 7 recall that cost the company billions of dollars last year. Samsung has reportedly finished its investigation into what caused some devices to catch fire, but it hasn't publicly revealed the findings.
It's next big smartphone launch isn't expected until February, but the company will show off some of its new technology at CES 2017 on Wednesday.
NEW DELHI — A media watch group on Wednesday expressed serious concern at “an alarming deterioration in the working environment of journalists in India” and demanded that the government ensure the safety of journalists who are feeling threatened.
Reporters Without Borders said in a report that at least three journalists were killed in India in 2017 and that a fourth case is still under investigation. In 2018, the situation appears to have worsened significantly, with four journalists killed in the first six months of the year.
“The hate speech directed toward journalists has increased massively, causing serious concern for their safety,” the report said.
There was no immediate reaction from the Indian government.
The group demanded a swift and independent investigation of cases in which journalists have been targeted.
Neerja Choudhary, an Indian columnist, said the government was not acting as it should be given the rise in attacks on journalists. “If the government was serious about the freedom of press, the media can't be treated like an upstart,” they said. “Those who want to stifle dissenting voices are getting emboldened as nobody is brought to book.”
On July 3, the general secretary of Reporters Without Borders, Christophe Deloire, wrote to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi telling them that an incident report had been issued in relation to press freedom in the country, and asking them to take urgent action. An incident report is issued when events are observed that could affect a country's ranking based on one or more of the indicators that are used in the evaluation for the World Press Freedom Index.
The group called on representatives of the government and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party “to condemn in the strongest terms online campaigns of hate and harassment aimed at journalists.”
The group listed the killings of four Indian journalists this year. Last month, the editor of the newspaper Rising Kashmir, Shujaat Bukhari, was shot dead along with two police guards as they left their office in Srinagar, the main city in the Indian portion of Kashmir.
In March, Sandeep Sharma, another journalist, was crushed to death by a garbage truck in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. Two other journalists, Navin Nischal and Vijay Singh, were run over and killed by a SUV in eastern Bihar state.
Seema Mustafa, director of New Delhi-based think-tank Center for Policy Analysis, said the attacks on journalists were intended to strike fear and further intimidate the media in India. “An environment is being created which is working against the free and fair functioning of the media because it intimidates an ordinary journalist who is terrified and is scared,” they said.
TAMPA, Fla. — Injured throwing hand or not, Matthew Stafford is determined to keep the Detroit Lions in the race for a playoff spot.
And they insist he's not playing attention to rumours about the future of Jim Caldwell, whose job could depend on whether the team gets in.
“Listen, man, we go play and they go and coaches,” Stafford said after Sunday's 24-21 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers kept the Lions (7-6) in the running.
“He understands (it's) part of the business. We understand. Who knows,” the quarterback added. “I'm not on social media, so I don't know all of that crap. We just go play, man. … Our job is to win football games. That's what we're trying to do.”
Stafford made their 109th consecutive start despite being limited in practice last week with a bruised right hand that was stepped on during Detroit's previous game, a loss at Baltimore.
The ninth-year pro threw for 381 yards, one touchdown and two interceptions. They also led the 32nd game-winning drive of their career, moving the Lions 49 yards in the closing minutes to set up Matt Prater's 46-yard field goal with 20 seconds left.
The victory stopped a two-game skid that accelerated speculation about Caldwell's future.
“We've never, never ever, ever been in the practice of talking about contracts and anything of that nature, and we're certainly not going to start today,” Caldwell said.
The Bucs (4-9) have lost eight of 10 and were officially eliminated from playoff contention.
They haven't made the post-season since 2007, and now there's talk that quarterback Jameis Winson is unhappy with coach Dirk Koetter.
Player and coach both tried to defuse the notion after Winston threw for 285 yards, a pair of fourth-quarter TDs and turned the ball over three times against the Lions.
“Obviously a lot of stuff can come out when we're not doing as expected. But that's false,” Winston said. “Coach Koetter coaches their tail off. They definitely support me. So whatever anybody else has to say outside of that … that's water under a bridge. That's shocking.”
Koetter also denied that there is a rift, adding that he's troubled by speculation about tension between the two.
“It concerns me that we're not winning enough games. That's my biggest concern,” Koetter said. “I know the truth about our relationship. My big concern is our football team.”
Some things to know about the Lions and Buccaneers:
WHERE'S THE RUSH
The Lions haven't done a very good job of protecting the passer this season, yielding 39 sacks. But they shut out Tampa Bay's anemic pass rush, which has a NFL-low 17 sacks in 13 games.
“Detroit is a good passing team. Stafford gets the ball out of their hand. But 44 pass attempts and you don't ever get them on the ground,” Koetter said. “That's going to stress your coverage, and they do a good job with their receivers. They've got all the routes. They've got all the answers.”
TOUGH GUY
Stafford's streak of 109 consecutive starts is the third-longest among NFL quarterbacks behind Matt Ryan (128) and Philip Rivers (119).
“It was a process throughout the week. I don't miss any practice reps if something isn't bothering me,” Stafford said.
“I love to practice. I love to be out there,” they added. “Our guys on the training staff did an unbelievable job of helping me out, getting it feeling as good as it possibly could. Our guys today did a good job of keeping me upright.”
VIEW FROM THE OTHER SIDE
Brent Grimes had one of Tampa Bay's two interceptions of Stafford, who completed 36 of 44 passes.
“He looked good to me. They were still throwing the ball, making some good throws. They looked like himself,” Grimes said. “I'm sure they were hurting, but they did a good job.”
NOT A TIME TO QUIT
The Bucs will close the season with three games against NFC South rivals. Atlanta, Carolina and New Orleans are all fighting for playoff berths.
Koetter was asked how, at 4-9, they will keep players motivated down the stretch.
“They're paid to compete, and we're paid to coach them,” Koetter said. “We'll do that.”
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
Teams of students, faculty, and professionals will come together with the real-world mission of creating a business plan around bots and chatbots. No coding experience is needed; this hackathon is all about ideas. Teams will be comprised of multiple students and faculty members from more than ten journalism schools.
The winning team will be chosen based on the business's viability, feasibility and desirability.
Reynolds School professor and host of the podcast “Grammar Girl,” Mignon Fogarty says the hackathon experience is invaluable to journalism and public relations students.
“Nieman Lab identified bots as one of the big journalism trends for 2017,” Fogarty said. “The skills to make bots are somewhat different from what students learn in traditional journalism classes, so an intensive weekend event like the hackathon is a great way for students to get up to speed in an area that could be valuable to media employers in the near future.”
How it Works
Students will be divided into teams and mentored by a faculty member or industry professional, with people from various schools and skill backgrounds on each team. Teams will spend the weekend working together to design, construct and pitch a startup business plan over the course of the weekend. The event will be a combination of focused talks, training from innovation leaders and final presentations from each team. Speakers include Colin Loretz, founder of the Reno Collective, Alberto Tretti from Facebook, Celeste LeCompte from ProPublica and University of Southern California Annenberg School Professor Amara Aguilar, as well as several others.
Competitors can register for the event at Eventbrite.com. University students can use the offer code UNRCOMP at checkout to receive free admission.
Learn more about this event at an information night at the Reno Collective, Wednesday, Feb. 15.
Agenda
Friday, Feb. 24
6-8 p.m.: Networking mixer at Reno Collective, 100 N. Arlington Ave., Suite 100, Reno, NV 89501
Snacks and non-alcoholic drinks; dinner afterwards on your own
Saturday, Feb. 25
Innevation Center, Stage 3, 2nd Floor
8 a.m. – Light breakfast
8:30 a.m. – Kickoff
Welcoming Remarks
Rules and logistics: Mark Glaser, MediaShift
9 a.m. – Speaker Session 1 – Human-Centered Design
9:30 a.m. – WORK
12:30 p.m. – Lunch
1 p.m. – Speaker Session 2 – Bots Marketplace: Colin Loretz, Reno Collective
1:30 p.m. – WORK
6 p.m. – Dinner
6:30 p.m. – Speaker Session 3 – Marketing and Your Business Plan: Celeste LeCompte, ProPublica
7 p.m. – Mentors and facilitators meet up Siena Hotel; teams continue to work with students only
Siena Hotel: 1 Lake St, Reno, NV 89501
10 p.m. – Night program ends
Sunday, February 26
Innevation Center, Stage 3, 2nd Floor
8:30 a.m. – Light breakfast
9 a.m. – Speaker session 4 – How to Present Your Startup: Dusty Wunderlich, Bristlecone Holdings
9:30 a.m. – WORK on presentations
11:30 a.m. – Lunch for judges
Noon – Lunch for everyone; team presentations
1:30 p.m. – Judging in chambers
2 p.m. – Announcement of winners and closing remarks
Follow the action on Twitter: #jschoolhackathon.
It's Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Here are some of the stories we're talking about on ABC News' new daily podcast, "Start Here."
1. SCOTUS short list
President Donald Trump has been meeting this week with potential Supreme Court candidates who will fill the seat Justice Anthony Kennedy will soon vacate. Trump said they would have a decision by Monday, but who's on their shortlist so far?
Amelia Thomson-DeVeaux is with our partners at FiveThirtyEight, and they tell us whom we should keep an eye on.
"Start Here" is a daily ABC News podcast hosted by Brad Mielke featuring original reporting on stories that are driving the national conversation. Listen for FREE on the ABC News app, Apple Podcasts, TuneIn, Spotify, Stitcher, Google Play Music, iHeartRadio -- or ask Alexa: "Play 'Start Here.'"
Follow @StartHereABC on social for exclusive content, show updates and more: Twitter, Facebook, Instagram.
2. A House divided
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has been the face of House Democrats for more than a decade, but the events of the last month, including the upset primary victory of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in New York, has only emboldened those who are calling on leadership to clean house.
We ask ABC News' John Parkinson, who covers the House, if Pelosi or someone else will be leading the party in the fall.
REX via Shutterstock
3. The Challenger's survivor
The space shuttle Challenger explosion in 1986 was a tragedy, but a hopeful story emerged from the wreckage. A soccer ball survived the disaster and spent years hiding in a school's display case before eventually being sent into space for a second time.
ABC News' Bob Woodruff, who created a documentary about the ball for E:60, tells us why the story is so unfamiliar and what it means for future generations.
Bob Pearson/AFP/Getty Images, FILE
4. God Bless America
This year marks the 100th anniversary of "God Bless America," but you may not know the surprising history of the iconic song and the immigrant who wrote it.
Author Sheryl Kaskowitz tells us the story of the song: "What you think is going to be a simple symbol of patriotism ... is gonna be a bit more complicated than you think."
It is great to have a hobby. Even better? Having a hobby that can make money on the side.
"I started with the drone, it was a feature film," Drone Pilot Don Gottlieb of AdvancedAerielProductions.com said. "That was the first one, then the next was some real estate jobs and a lot of multi-million dollar yacht jobs, weddings."
While Drones are no longer the novelty they once were, there's still a demand for expert operators. Example: Gottlieb uses drones to capture aerial video of just about anything you can imagine. And they make money doing it.
"I have a minimum of $350 for a two hour minimum," Gottlieb said.
If you have not tried flying a drone, you probably should. They are sort of fun. And if you get really good at it, and you have got some spare time, you might also find it lucrative.
The first step toward monetizing this hobby? Getting a permit from the FAA. You cannot legally use a drone commercially without one. But once you have it, the sky is the limit.
There are many things you can do. You could create a drone video and monetize it with advertising, it could be used for a news gathering or traditional things like parties, weddings and real estate.
Too complicated? There is also a simple way to pay for your drone: Rent it out to other people when you are not using it through a peer-to-peer rental site.
For every hobby, there is a potential income stream, and drones are no exception.
If you want your part-time income to take off, you can learn more by visiting the Money Talks News website and searching for "drones."
© 2018 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved
Ikpeazu to Abians: Trust in God for a better 2017
By Anayo Okoli
UMUAHIA— Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State has called on their people to continue to pray and trust in God in the New Year and expressed the hope that year 2017 would be better than the past years.
In their New Year message to Abia people and signed by their Chief Press Secretary, Enyinnaya Appolos, Ikpeazu thanked God for the out-gone year and urged the people to renew their faith in Him.
They said: “We remain grateful to God for Their mercies and protection. It is not by our power that we have made it to 2017, it can only be God. Therefore, I urge us to keep holding unto God's unchanging hands.
“As a government, we are not yet in Cannan land. Therefore, we remain resolute in our efforts to continue in the infrastructural redevelopment of our state, as we shall embark on construction of more roads and bridges this year.
“Our agricultural revolution will take a more serious dimension this year, as we shall launch the community palm plantation in all our communities.
“You must have noticed a recent upsurge in the conversation around Made-in-Aba such that even President Muhammadu Buhari gave personal assurances in their 2017 budget speech that attention will be paid to the manufacturing power-houses of Aba.
“This is the result of our sustained advocacy blitz to showcase the ingenuity of Aba producers to the world and boost the GDP of Aba, which is today, the SME capital of Nigeria.
“Even more impactful is the fact that because of the sustained campaign, people are now proud to acknowledge that they are wearing or using Made-in-Aba products which has in-turn led others to pivot towards Aba for their goods and services.”
The post Ikpeazu to Abians: Trust in God for a better 2017 appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed 'She persisted' becomes rallying cry after Senate silences Elizabeth Warren 3:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
If GOP lawmakers' had hoped to silence Sen. Elizabeth Warren in their public stand against the confirmation of their colleague, Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, as attorney general — their plan appears to have backfired in a big way.
Tonight @SenateMajLdr silenced Mrs King's voice on the Sen floor - & millions who are afraid & appalled by what's happening in our country. — Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) February 8, 2017
In the wake of their highly publicized decision on Tuesday to rebuke Sen. Warren for reading an excerpt of a letter critical of Sessions penned by the late Coretta Scott King, the widow of Dr. Martin Luther King and a civil rights icon in their own right, supporters of the Massachusetts lawmaker have flocked to social media to get them back.
Related: Coretta Scott King and Rule 19: What Was Behind Warren's Senate Spat
Besides "#Warren" becoming top trending Twitter topic on Wednesday, the hashtags "#LetLizSpeak" and "#ShePersisted" also became popular ways of showing solidarity with the progressive politician.
By silencing Elizabeth Warren, the GOP gave women around the world a rallying cry. #ShePersisted #LetLizSpeak pic.twitter.com/uH6WIngHaL — Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) February 8, 2017
They were warned. They were given an explanation. Nevertheless, they persisted. pic.twitter.com/E0y0vjgFlR — Janna Zagari (@jannazagari) February 8, 2017
Republicans, led by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have argued that Warren's decision to read past text critical of one of their Senate colleagues into the record is a violation of the body's rules of decorum. Rule No. 19, says senators cannot "directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator."
Related: Elizabeth Warren reacts to Vader insult: I'm more like Princess Leia
However, this rule has not been invoked recently, for instance when Republican Sen. Ted Cruz called Sen. McConnell a "liar" on the Senate floor in 2015.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Warren: Republicans don't want to hear the facts 9:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On Wednesday, Democratic Sens. Tom Udall, Sherrod Brown and Bernie Sanders all read the Coretta Scott King letter in its entirety to the Senate — this time with no objections for the two men.
And former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, who has largely avoided wading into partisan squabbles since the 2016 election, weighed in Twitter, with the quote, "She was warned. They were given an explanation. Nevertheless, they persisted," followed by their own aside, "So must we all.":
"She was warned. They were given an explanation. Nevertheless, they persisted."
So must we all.https://t.co/JXROGHPNkH — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 8, 2017
Warren, who later shared the letter on social media, had their microphone cut and was told to sit down in an act which many have interpreted as sexist and disrespectful.
And while Republicans have balked at calls for Sen. McConnell to apologize for their treatment of Sen. Warren, they have no regrets.
"It is eloquent, and it reminds us of a time in history that we would like to think is far behind us but reminds us that it is not," they have said of King's letter.
"Democrats have the minority in the House, the minority in the Senate, but that does not make us the minority party," Warren added Wednesday in an interview on MSNBC. "We are the party of opposition, and that is our job."
The Senate rejected Sessions' nomination to the federal bench in 1986 in part because of concerns over racist remarks, policies and behavior they were alleged to have engaged in. Their nomination then and now was opposed by a number of civil rights groups and activists.
Related: Sen. Sessions Once Told Fired Acting AG Sally Yates: You Have 'to Say No to President'
And a number of critics have raised concerns, particularly in the aftermath of President Trump's decision to fire acting Attorney General Sally Yates for refusing to enforce their controversial immigration ban order, about Sessions ability to hold the president accountable and whether or not they will aggressively prosecute civil rights and voting rights violations.
Still, Sessions, who was also opposed by Sen. Cory Booker and Rep. John Lewis in dramatic Congressional territory, enjoys broad support from Senate Republicans, and their confirmation as the 84th attorney general in U.S. history is all but assured.
A panel of federal judges on Monday refused to block Pennsylvania's new congressional district map from taking effect.
Republicans argued the Pennsylvania Supreme Court overstepped its authority by issuing a new congressional district map in February.
Monday's decision from three Republican-appointed federal judges denied the preliminary injunction sought by eight Republican U.S. House members and two senior Republicans in the Pennsylvania Senate.
A similar request is pending before the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court previously ruled that the state's congressional district map was unconstitutionally gerrymandered and ordered it changed for the May primaries.
New congressional map: Behind the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's redrawing
Monday's decision comes a day before candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives must file petitions to secure spots on this fall's ballot, Reuters reports.
The new district map for 2018 elections, taking effect for the May 15 primary, puts all of Lehigh and Northampton counties into Pennsylvania's new 7th Congressional District, along with a southern sliver of Monroe County that includes the Stroudsburg area.
The Lehigh Valley is whole again in Pennsylvania's court-drawn congressional district map
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Sylvan Lakers were invited to free axe throwing to celebrate the anniversary
Bangs, clangs and cheers filled the air as The Wood Shed celebrated its first year of business Thursday night.
Offering free axe throwing, and slices of birthday cake, many people from Sylvan Lake and the surrounding area came out to take in the new activity.
Keri Pratt, owner of The Wood Shed, said they aren't sure what to expect from the night of free axe throwing, but is happy to share the anniversary with the town.
“It is crazy to think how well this has been accepted here,” Pratt said.
Opening The Wood Shed was inspired by the lumberjack games Pratt's husband took part in while studying at NAIT in Edmonton. While living out east, they noticed axe throwing was fairly popular.
The couple thought axe throwing could be a possibility in Alberta as well.
Little did they know, in the first year they would see over 3,000 new customers, not including all the repeats.
“That is just the people who signed the waiver the first time they come in,” Pratt explained. “But it's really exciting to see that number of new guests.”
From the new participants, Pratt says many come back again and again.
Prat says a lot of guests are introduced to The Wood Shed through corporate events and team building.
“We get a lot of people who come back after corporate events and things like that,” said Pratt.
There has also been a large number of guests who have come in from all over Alberta, and even some from Saskatchewan, to give axe throwing a try.
What has shocked Pratt is how well the community has taken to the new sport. The Wood Shed now runs a league that is part of the World Axe Throwing League.
This past spring a local league was run. Starting this fall The Wood Shed has joined the WATL.
Pratt says axe throwing, and the league, is a fun activity to try and a great way to meet with new people.
“The best part is seeing someone hit the target for the first time. They are so excited and, just energized I guess,” they said.
Pratt hopes the people of Sylvan Lake, and the surrounding communities, think of axe throwing as a fun alternative activity, especially when one isn't sure how to spend the night.
The Wood Shed has even been nominated for two business awards by the Sylvan Lake Chamber of Commerce. The business was nominated for New Business of the Year and the Visitor Friendly Award.
Pratt says it is all because of their great staff.
“They are very welcoming and know Sylvan Lake really well, so they can tell guest where to stay or get a great bite to eat,” they said.
After a year of business, Pratt hopes to continue spreading the word of axe throwing, and expand a bit.
They would like to see more people come out to try the sport, because almost all who do are surprised by how much they enjoy it.
“We even made it to the Canada 150 ParticipACTION list,” Pratt said of axe throwing.
The Wood Shed has three walk-in sessions each week. Walk-ins are available Thursday and Fridays from 6-9 p.m. as well as Saturdays from 2-8 p.m.
Group events, with a minimum of six people, can be booked Monday to Saturday by contacting The Wood Shed.
megan.roth@sylvanlakenews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
MADISON, Wis. — The Madison Mallards (19-18, 38-34) capped the 2017 season with a 6-1 victory over the Battle Creek Bombers (22-15, 42-30) at Warner Park on Sunday evening. The Mallards used consistent offense and a steady performance from the bullpen to end the season on a positive note.
The Mallards offense was constantly putting pressure on the Battle Creek pitching staff as the Mallards totaled nine hits and drew six walks. The Mallards opened the scoring in the bottom of the second on a heads-up baserunning play by Matt Elsenpeter (NDSU). Elsenpeter scored from second on an infield single by Andrew Baker (Florida). Meanwhile, Madison starter Nate Brown (Florida) held down the Bombers bats and the Mallards led 1-0 after two.
Advertisement
Later on, the Mallards calibrated their power strokes at the plate. In the fifth, with the Mallards leading 2-1, Doran Turchin (Illinois) launched a two-run home run over the left field fence to extend the lead. The home run was Turchin's team-leading 13th of the season. They also finished the summer with 50 RBI, the most on the Mallards.
Two innings later, third baseman Sam Armstrong (Jacksonville) crushed a two-run bomb of their own, this time into the Great Dane Duck Blind Suites. Armstrong's homer was their second of the series and their sixth of the season at Warner Park. The two-run dinger gave the Mallards a 6-1 lead.
The Mallards pitching staff deployed six total arms to shut down the Bombers. The squadron held Battle Creek to only five hits and racked up eight strikeouts. The Madison defense was strong behind the hurlers as Elsenpeter made a pair of spectacular plays at second base and shortstop Tommy Bullock (UNC-Charlotte) flashed the leather a couple times on the left side of the infield.
The Mallards finish the season with a 38-34 record and tied for fourth place in the South Division. However, the Lakeshore Chinooks held the tiebreaker and clinched the fourth playoff spot. Still, the Mallards put together a successful season and finished above .500 for the 15th consecutive year. Manager Donnie Scott now owns a 198-154 through five seasons with the team. For more Mallards postseason coverage, visit mallardsbaseball.com.
(MallardsBaseball.com)
Related
Comments
comments
Federal and local law enforcement officers in at least five states were on the hunt Monday for an armed and dangerous fugitive accused of filming themselves killing an elderly Cleveland man and uploading the video to Facebook.
"Our reach right now is basically all over the country," Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a press conference Monday afternoon as the frantic search for Steve Stephens was in its second day.
"We are not going to leave any stone unturned," they added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cleveland Police Chief: Manhunt for Suspect Steve Stephens Now a 'National Search' 0:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Stephens was on the run after posting footage of the apparent random killing of Robert Godwin, 74, in northeast Cleveland near the Lake Erie shore.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said the FBI and other federal authorities were now offering a $50,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of Stephens.
"We also want to emphasize that we are still engaged in a very aggressive and focused attempt to find Steve Stephens and bring them to justice," Jackson said at the press conference.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI: Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Williams said the crime was "personal" for them as it struck down a person who was just "minding their own business, going about their day on Easter."
Stephens, a job counselor for teens and young adults, boasted about having committed many other homicides — but police said Monday they could not verify that claim.
Police officers were combing through Cleveland as authorities in four other states — Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan — were all warned to be on alert for Stephens, who is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder, officials said.
"He could be nearby. They could be far away or anywhere in between," FBI agent Stephen Anthony said at an earlier news conference.
Related: Suspect Likely Sought 'Attention': Criminologists
"We're going to make this individual's world very, very small," U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott said at the Monday morning news conference.
There were reported sightings of someone fitting Stephens' description in Philadelphia's Fairmount Park on Monday afternoon, city police said, but "so far there is no indication suspect is in" the area.
Steve Stephens, accused of killing a person live on Facebook, in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police. Cleveland Division of Police
In a series of posts Sunday on what authorities said was Stephen's Facebook page, the suspect complained they had "lost everything" to gambling. The posts named specific people with whom the user wanted to speak. They wrote that they had "killed 12 people today" — and wouldn't stop until they could speak to their mother and a second woman.
A later post read: "I killed 15 today because of [the second woman.]" The user referred to the purported killings as their "Easter day slaughter." Williams, the police chief, said Monday "there are not other victims that we know of."
NBC News archived the Facebook posts before the account was removed. "This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said in a statement.
Williams said Monday afternoon that authorities had spoken to several people with whom Stephens had contact and that they had been cooperative with the investigation. They would not specify if this included Stephens' mother or the second woman.
An NBC News crew went to an address listed for the Stephens mother but were turned away by police who were already there.
Williams said that authorities were not aware of one specific event that could have led to the killing, adding "I don't think there is any rhyme of reason for this happening."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Massive manhunt underway for killer who posted murder on Facebook 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Authorities initially said Sunday that the suspect "broadcast the killing on Facebook Live," the social network's live video platform, but a spokesperson later said the disturbing footage was recorded and uploaded. Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday, the spokesperson said.
Williams has not addressed the details of the Facebook posts, but said: "If Steve has an issue, they need to talk to folks to get that resolved."
"Steve, I know you have relationships with the clergy out here," Williams added. "I encourage you to call them and turn yourself in."
Gary Jackson, a longtime friend of Stephens, told NBC News that when the two spoke last Thursday, everything seemed fine.
Jackson, 47, said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook, a children's mental health center, confirmed their employment — and said they were stunned that their friend is accused of such a horrific crime.
In Jackson's view, it was Stephens' personal turmoil that spun them out of control.
"I don't think he's killed those 14, 15 people," they said. "From what I know of them that's just them calling out for help."
Jackson added that they sent Stephens a text making sure that their friend knew as much.
"Whatever it is hurting you — you're about to put that pain on somebody else," Jackson said they told Stephens. "That ain't right."
By Sunday night, Jackson hadn't heard back.
Businesses and residents are angry over a planned £10 long stay parking charge proposed for the Welham Street car park.
South Kesteven District Council is making shorter stays cheaper but more than tripling the rate for long stays of more than six hours.
Simon Bailey, of Bailey's Hairdressing, says they and other businesses are unhappy with the planned changes because the hike in long stay rates from the current £3 will badly affect staff at their and other businesses who need to park all day. The closure of parking surrounding the planned new cinema had also made parking problems worse in the town centre.
A nearby resident also told the Journal that people working in the town centre would refuse to pay £50 a week to park, putting further strain on nearby side streets. Visitors would also refuse to pay such an amount, or they might simply stop coming to Grantham.
They added: “What is the point of having a large car park if no-one is willing/able to pay the charges?”
SKDC says the changes, including a new £1.50 rate for four hours, plus free parking after 6pm and on Sunday, will benefit the town centre by encouraging a greater turnover of parking spaces. The charges are just proposals and people have until December 29 to comment before they are presented to Cabinet, with a final decision made by full council.
Comments on the New Parking Order can be made by writing to Paul Stokes, SKDC's business manager for venue and facilities at the council offices, or by email to p.stokes@southkesteven.gov.uk
RIVERDALE – Wednesday, December 13, 2017 at 8pm on CW50 – A SHOWDOWN WITH THE BLACK HOOD – After snooping around for Christmas gifts, Veronica (Camila Mendes) uncovers a major secret Hiram (Mark Consuelos) has been keeping from them Fallout from Jughead's (Cole Sprouse) encounter with Penny Peabody (guest star Brit Morgan) creates tension between them and FP (Skeet Ulrich.) Meanwhile, a defiant Cheryl (Madelaine Petsch) takes matters into their own hands after Penelope (guest star Nathalie Boltt) tells them they cannot afford Christmas this year. Finally, Betty (Lili Reinhart) and Archie's (KJ Apa) vow to take down the Black Hood once and for all leads to a dangerous showdown. Marisol Nichols, Madchen Amick, Luke Perry, Ashleigh Murray and Casey Cott also star. Rob Seidenglanz directed the episode written by Shepard Boucher (#209). Original airdate 12/13/2017.
(AP Photo/John Locher). Vegas Golden Knights left wing William Carrier, left, and right wing Ryan Reaves joke around during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between Vegas and the Washington Capit...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Ice maintenance crew members repair the ice with a fire extinguisher as linesman Jonny Murray watches during the second period in Game 1 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washingt...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin, of Russia, stands on the ice during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights is...
By GREG BEACHAM
AP Sports Writer
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Alex Ovechkin, Braden Holtby and the Washington Capitals stayed cool in the 100-degree Vegas heat and evened the Stanley Cup Final.
Holtby made 37 saves, Ovechkin scored a power-play goal and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists in the Capitals' 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 on Wednesday night.
The Caps hung on through a scoreless third period for their first Stanley Cup Final victory in franchise history largely because of a bounce-back performance by Holtby, who was battered in Vegas' 6-4 series-opening win.
Holtby capped their energetic performance with a jaw-dropping stick save with 1:59 to play, stretching back to rob Alex Tuch of a possible tying goal.
"We refocus and pick each other up and that's a sign of a good team," Holtby said. "That's one of our strengths."
Brooks Orpik ended a personal 220-game drought with the eventual winning goal for the Caps, who rebounded from a ramshackle loss in the opener and handed the expansion Golden Knights only their second home defeat - the first in regulation - in Vegas' nine postseason games.
James Neal and Shea Theodore scored and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots for the upstart Knights, who couldn't summon their usual clutch magic in the third period, even with lengthy man advantages.
Washington lost leading scorer Evgeny Kuznetsov to an upper-body injury in the first period after a big hit from Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb. The Caps avoided any hotheaded retaliation and concentrated on a gritty effort that was enough to even the series.
Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington.
The Caps are just 4-5 at home in the postseason, but they'll ride a wave of momentum after going into the Golden Knights' daunting home arena and taking away home-ice advantage in their first Stanley Cup Final in 20 years.
The Capitals have made the playoffs in 13 of 19 seasons since their only other trip to the Final in 1998, but hadn't managed to get their fans back to the final round until this year. Capital One Arena in downtown Washington was packed with red-clad fans watching Game 2 on the videoboards.
The Caps improved to 9-3 on the road in the postseason after two games in this frequently chaotic series. The first two games of the Stanley Cup Final were split for only the third time in the last 13 editions of the NHL's final round.
After a rough opener in Vegas, Holtby rounded back into something approaching their form in back-to-back shutouts to close the Eastern Conference finals. While their save on Tuch was the most impressive, they kept the Caps in charge with 15 saves in the third period, including a tenacious effort during a 5-on-3 advantage for 1:09 for the Knights.
The temperature on the Las Vegas Strip spiked to triple digits in the hours before Game 2, likely making it the hottest Final game in NHL history. But the heat didn't fry the spirits of the fans who filled the plaza next to T-Mobile Arena to capacity before the puck dropped, continuing this gambling mecca's fanatical support of its first major pro sports team.
After another elaborate, Vegas-style pregame introduction at T-Mobile Arena, the Knight took another early lead with their quick-strike offense and a little puck luck when Washington's Dmitry Orlov misplayed Luca Sbisa's long lob and allowed Neal to skate in easily on Holtby.
The goal was the fifth of the postseason for Neal, the gifted scorer left unprotected in last summer's expansion draft after reaching the Final with Nashville.
Shortly afterward, Kuznetsov went straight to the dressing room after absorbing a high check from McNabb. The game immediately took on a nastier tone, and the teams played 4-on-4 hockey moments later after a prolonged scrum led to two penalties.
With extra space, Washington strung together several sharp passes culminating in Eller's sixth goal of the postseason. The Danish forward failed to hit an open net on a rushed play for a potential tying goal late in Game 1.
Washington's excellent power play finally got a chance early in the second period, and Ovechkin scored a vintage goal with their powerful shot from a sharp angle.
The Russian superstar led the NHL with 49 goals in the regular season and added 12 more in the Eastern Conference playoffs. After scoring the first Stanley Cup Final goal of their 13-year, 1,121-game NHL career, they skated to the glass with both arms raised triumphantly.
The Caps then silenced T-Mobile Arena when Eller got the puck to Orpik, whose deflected shot bounced fortuitously off the ice and beat Fleury. Orpik, the grinding veteran forward with a 2009 Stanley Cup ring from Pittsburgh, hadn't scored since Feb. 26, 2016, adding up to the longest active goal-scoring drought in the NHL.
But the relentless Knights earned a power play and cut the Caps' lead to 3-2 late in the second when Theodore slipped a long shot through heavy traffic.
Vegas continued its pressure early in the third, forcing Washington into two early penalties. But the Golden Knights failed to score with that two-man advantage, with Holtby repeatedly coming up big.
"We played smart. We played hard," Ovechkin said. "Holtby made unbelievable saves."
NOTES: The Golden Knights have scored the opening goal in the first period of all nine of their postseason home games. ... Washington needs three more wins to become the second team in NHL history to win a Cup after trailing in all four postseason rounds, joining Pittsburgh in 1991. ... T-Mobile Arena reported 18,702 fans in the sold-out building, setting a franchise record for attendance.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
During the Oakland Raiders' loss to the Denver Broncos on Sunday, Aqib Talib and Michael Crabtree got into a bit of a scuffle. The jostling ended with Talib ripping off Crabtree's chain, snapping it in half.
That made what was an already bad day even worse, and Crabtree obviously took exception to the move. They talked about it after the game, blasting Talib for being “childish.”
“Acting,” Crabtree said after calling Talib “fake,” via ESPN. “You aren't defending anybody up like that. You hard? You tough? You snatch a chain in front of the police and run off? Childish, man.”
The incident in question happened in the first quarter after the two got into a bit of a shoving match. Talib ended the tussle by ripping Crabtree's chain off right in front of an official, saying “I had to snatch it off” after claiming that they told the Raiders receiver to never wear it in front of them again.
“He's just been wearing that chain all year, man, it's just been growing on me,” Talib said. “I said if they wear that chain in front of me, I'm going to snatch it off. So they wore it in front of me, so I had to snatch it off.”
Crabtree didn't have much of a reaction to Talib's antics, which they called a “business decision.” They said they didn't retaliate for fear of being kicked out of ta game that their team desperately needed to help lock up the No. 2 seed.
And Talib wasn't the only one Crabtree laid into after the game. The officiating staff was also a target of Crabtree's.
“Disrespectful,” Crabtree said of the officials. “They were acting like I was the problem. That's what I didn't like. I'm not even that type of dude. I play football … I could have cut [blocked] him; I could have hurt him. But I don't like that.”
S2x-For-Marks! What Monica Osagie Told OAU Panel – Counsel
Dr Abiola Akinyode-Afolabi, the defence counsel for Miss Monica Osagie, the alleged victim in the s*x-for-marks scandal at Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, said on Tuesday that their client affirmed before an investigative panel that Prof. Richard Akindele deliberately failed them because they refused their s3xual demand. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Osagie had […]
The post S2x-For-Marks! What Monica Osagie Told OAU Panel – Counsel appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
American consumers were feeling more confident in April, rebounding to a level close to the 18-year high it had reached two months ago.
The Conference Board said Tuesday that its confidence index rose to 128.7 in April, up from a March level of 127.0. The March level was just below the 130.0 hit in February, which had been the highest since November 2000.
The business research group's index measures consumers' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months. Conference Board economist Lynn Franco said the strength in the confidence survey suggest that the economy will continue to expand at a solid pace in the months ahead.
Consumers' assessment of current economic conditions improved somewhat, with consumers rating both business and labor market conditions favorably.
Analysts said the strength in confidence reflects a strong labor market with unemployment at a 17-year low, as well as the impact of the $1.5 trillion in tax cuts approved in December, which began showing up in workers' paychecks earlier this year.
Analysts said that confidence was also helped by less stock market volatility in recent weeks and a lessening of worries about a full-blown trade war erupting in response to the Trump administration's tougher policies.
But some analysts said the high confidence levels may be over-stating the potential for consumer spending growth in coming months.
"The sluggishness of real income growth, even after the tax cuts, means that spending cannot rise as fast as the surveys appear to imply," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Economics.
REDDING, Calif. — A Northern California woman has pleaded not guilty in a head-on highway crash that killed a man in an oncoming car as they were allegedly trying to attempt suicide.
Grace Elizabeth Ward's attorney entered the plea to second-degree murder on their behalf as Ward sat in a wheelchair on Friday in Shasta County Superior Court. They remain jailed on $1.5 million bail.
The 28-year-old Ward told the California Highway Patrol they were trying to kill themselves when they crossed into oncoming traffic on Interstate 5 on Jan. 7.
Authorities say they came away with only a broken leg, but killed 29-year-old Ryan Folsom.
Folsom, a native of Medford, Oregon who played football at Brigham Young University in Utah, had been headed to Sacramento to interview for a medical residency.
David Lynch's “18-hour movie” approach to Twin Peaks: The Return means that the series has a pace unlike any other big show. Many scenes seem disconnected from the episodes around them, some episodes consist largely of dialogue, and some even break away from the story to conduct an experiment in form. Then there are episodes like Part 14, where events pour forth at such a furious rate, the whole episode feels like one of Gordon Cole's delirious Monica Bellucci dreams.
What comes in dreams?
Cole's dream sequence in Part 14 is one of the most striking parts in an episode full of startling imagery, and given the primacy of dreams throughout Twin Peaks, it bears discussion. Dreams occupy a place of spiritual, thematic importance in the show. Cooper's first trip to the Red Room — one of the original series' most iconic scenes — occurs while they are dreaming, and it is there that the Man from Another Place and Laura Palmer give them clues to solve the mystery of Laura's murder.
Cooper endorsed dream analysis as a means of investigating, and it seems to be a common trait among members of the Blue Rose squad, as Cole is preoccupied with their dream, laying out the details for Albert and Tammy. Traveling through a Paris rendered in grayscale, Cole meets actor Monica Bellucci for coffee. Gordon can see Cooper nearby, but their face is hidden.
Bellucci says “We are like the dreamer, who dreams, and then lives inside the dream … But who is the dreamer?”
Gordon then turns around to see themselves and Cooper, in a scene from the film Fire Walk with Me, in which the long-missing Phillip Jeffries (David Bowie) walks into Cole's office, pointing to Cooper and asking “Who do you think that is there?”
The first part of the dream expresses the show's fascination with the different layers of reality, and Gordon's concern regarding Cooper's identity. It also reiterates the show's focus on emotion, rather than reason; when Bellucci finishes their statement, Cole mentions a “powerful, uneasy feeling” washing over him. The emotion comes unbidden, and Cole can only accept it.
That the dream segues into a scene from Fire Walk with Me further establishes the importance of that film, once considered a misstep for Lynch, which has formed the backbone of the Cooper plot. Jeffries calls into question Cooper's identity, a problem Cole has been trying to solve since finding Cooper's doppelganger in prison, and along with the information they receive from Sheriff Truman — who calls to tell them about the missing pages of Laura Palmer's diary, which mention “two Coopers” — Cole seems to be closing in on the truth.
All roads lead to Twin Peaks
The Return has had a noticeably grander scope than the original show, taking place largely in South Dakota and Nevada, but it still drifts back to Twin Peaks, creating a sense that the conflict is occurring on a global (or at least continental) scale. The show expands its scope all the way to Europe in Part 14, as James Hurley and their fellow security guard Freddie sit outside the Great Northern Hotel on break. James asks why Freddie always wears a green glove on their right hand, and Freddie tells them a story about how, one day in London, they were sucked into a portal in the air.
On the other side, they met a figure calling themselves “The Fireman,” who tells Freddie to go to a nearby store and buy a box containing only one glove. After an unfortunate incident with an obstructionist clerk, Freddie acquires the glove, granting them superhuman strength in their right hand, but the item is also bonded to their flesh.
It's a weird story, but makes a great deal of sense following a previous scene in Part 14, in which the Twin Peaks police finally reach the spot indicated to them by Major Briggs. They find the eyeless woman that Cooper met in Part 3, and a portal appears, pulling Andy into the Black Lodge. There, they meet the Giant, now calling themselves The Fireman, who shows Andy a collection of images, including the Woodsman, the birth of BOB, and Cooper's doppelganger, filling Andy with knowledge of what is happening and what they must do.
“The Fireman” also provided Freddie with the knowledge to acquire the glove, and told them to go to Twin Peaks where they would find their destiny. Will Freddie actually have some great fate? Knowing the show, their destiny could be something as mundane as lifting a heavy box for Cooper. Regardless, the scene establishes that whatever is happening with the Black Lodge, it is happening in multiple locations, with Twin Peaks as the epicenter.
What's really going on with the Roadhouse?
Most episodes of The Return end in the Roadhouse, where bands perform for the oddly hip people of Twin Peaks. Not all of the Roadhouse scenes are mere showcases of Lynch's indie playlist, however. Often, characters will meet and talk during the performances. Some of these scenes have been important (the introduction of Richard Horne took place during a Roadhouse performance), while others concern characters we never see again, offering a glimpse into the lives of people not involved in the plot — a valuable reminder that there is a world outside of Cooper and the Twin Peaks P.D.
At the end of Part 14, before a lively performance from rock artist Lissie, two women, Megan (Shane Lynch) and Sophie (Emily Stofle), discuss the former's drug habit before getting into a meatier topic: The whereabouts of Billy, Audrey's unseen lover, mentioned in an earlier episode. Megan relates how Billy appeared outside their family's house days earlier, bleeding profusely and washing their head in their sink before disappearing. They also reveal that their mother is the Tina referenced by Audrey previously, another of Billy's lovers.
Audrey's role in The Return has, so far, been strange even for this show. A major character in the original series, they only returned in Part 12, apparently married to a man named Charlie, and their scenes have been disconnected from the rest of the show until now. Megan repeatedly mentions that they cannot remember if their uncle was present when Billy appeared, and that echoes Audrey's crisis of memory in Part 13. Is the Roadhouse more than just a venue for music? Audrey's isolation from the rest of the cast suggests that maybe they are not really in the “physical” world. Perhaps the Roadhouse is not entirely of this reality?
For more Twin Peaks discussion, check out our guide to the essential classic episodes.
A man alleged to have been armed with a hammer in Stowmarket will go on trial next year.
On Monday Darren Hewitt, 45,of Bury Street, Stowmarket, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court and denied possession of an offensive weapon in Stowupland Street on October 22. Their trial is due to take place in April.
Mohamed Salah will be sidelined for no more than three weeks with the shoulder injury they sustained during Liverpool's UEFA Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid, the Egyptian Football Association confirmed.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – Monday, city leaders took the next step to get rid of one of the longest serving public officials in Louisville.
The Metro Council committee designed to remove Dan Johnson from their council seat has met for the first time.
It's been more than two months since Johnson allegedly inappropriately touched Councilwoman Jessica Green, grabbing their rear end.
The Metro Council charging committee met for nearly two hours behind closed doors Monday and took no action afterward.
PREVIOUS STORY:
+ Committee alleges councilman brought 'scorn, embarrassment' to Metro Council
+ Legislative aide claims councilman exposed bare buttocks
+ Embattled councilman resigns from Democratic Caucus, but not Metro Council
+ Democratic caucus to meet to discuss Dan Johnson's future
+ Metro Council president issues new guidelines for Councilman Dan Johnson
+ Metro Government employees want Dan Johnson to resign
+ Metro Council report recommends expelling Johnson
"Lots came out of it, but I can't talk about it because it's litigation strategy," Deborah Kent, the legal counsel for the committee, said.
The Council created the committee in Thursday's meeting; it's part of the procedure required to remove Councilman Dan Johnson. Besides grabbing Jessica Green, he's also accused of showing theirs behind to an assistant for Councilwoman Angela Leet.
Johnson requested medical leave on Thursday but the committee said the county attorney won't allow it.
"It's what we were expecting but in deference to the county attorney who pronounces the law as it pertains to the entire county government, we waited for them to weigh in," Kent said.
The committee has 30 days to put its case together, which it would then bring to council, but it hopes to be done sooner.
"We're moving as fast as possible and we're looking at the possibility that we could be done in a shorter time frame,” Kent said.
It takes a two-thirds vote to remove Johnson. They said they plan to serve out their term and would likely appeal a removal vote in court.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Mauricio Pochettino feels Tottenham's first-half performance in the 4-1 win over Watford was arguably their best of the 2016-17 campaign.
A Harry Kane double followed by a Dele Alli strike saw Spurs take a three-goal lead in the opening 45 minutes, with the latter making it four early in the second half before Younes Kaboul pulled one back in the closing stages.
Tottenham's sublime performance allowed Pochettino to take off both goalscorers with an eye on the upcoming clash with leaders Chelsea and they were understandably delighted with their side's display.
"We played very good, to a very high standard. The first half was one of the best we have played this season," Pochettino told reporters.
No better way to start the new year! Great away win again! #COYS pic.twitter.com/qo3hNkjp5G — Harry Kane (@HKane) January 1, 2017
"I am very happy because it was a difficult game, and the team responded.
"In three days we have a very important game, so if we can rest people and have the opportunity to play different players it is very important to be fresh and competitive.
"We know that Chelsea's performance is very high, they are a very good team with high confidence but we will try to challenge them to take the three points."
Sunday's loss was more bad news for Watford as they extended their winless run to four games, with Juan Zuniga's injury making matters even worse for Walter Mazzarri's side.
"Zuniga was the 10th player to get injured, five or six are starting 11, we had four under-23s in the 18 players that we brought," Mazzarri said.
"Unfortunately this is the situation. Also we go there to play Stoke on Tuesday, who played very well against Chelsea, they will be very hard to play against. They have 50 per cent more rest than us.
"We just have to give everything we have got."
DALLAS — James Neal simply wanted to give the people of Las Vegas a reason to smile.
Chances are they did.
Neal scored twice in the third period, rallying the Golden Knights to a 2-1 victory over the Dallas Stars on Friday night in the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas.
The expansion team was playing five days after the shooting that killed 58 people in Las Vegas, and the Dallas players honoured the desert city by forming a line alongside their Vegas counterparts before the national anthem.
With the video board reading “Viva Las Vegas” above the players, the public address announcer said “Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy.”
“Being a new team, we have a lot of new fans and a lot of people affected by what happened,” Neal said. “Hopefully they tuned in tonight and we could put a smile on their face, because like you said we're playing for our city and it's going to be a lot of fun this year.”
Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 45 of 46 shots to help the Golden Knights become the first expansion team to open with a victory since the Ottawa Senators topped Montreal 5-3 on Oct. 8, 1992. Vegas is the first NHL expansion team since the Minnesota Wild and Columbus Blue Jackets in 2000.
“We can't undo what happened, and we'll do our best, we'll work as hard as we can to make the city proud of us,” said Fleury, a three-time Stanley Cup winner in Pittsburgh who lost their job during the playoffs last season and was left unprotected for the expansion draft.
The Golden Knights also spoiled coach Ken Hitchcock's return to Dallas 18 years after they directed the franchise's only Stanley Cup title. They were fired during the 2001-02 season, the only one in a span of 11 that the Stars missed the playoffs.
Both of Neal's goals came against Kari Lehtonen after Ben Bishop left after taking a puck to the mask. Bishop, who skated off holding a towel to their face, had stopped all 19 shots in their Dallas debut after coming over in a trade with Los Angeles and signing a long-term contract.
Hitchcock said they were evaluated for a concussion and would have to be cleared to be available on the second night of a back-to-back in St. Louis on Saturday night.
“We have to find a way as a group to not be distracted, and keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor-sharp for 60 minutes,” Hitchcock said. “It's not just how good goalie was or frustration by not scoring. There are a lot of things that go into not being distracted.”
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights, Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period on a delayed penalty for the franchise's first goal and a 1-1 tie. Nate Schmidt and Luca Sbisa got the first assists.
The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal lifted the puck over Lehtonen from their knees with 2:44 remaining. Lehtonen, who stopped nine of 11 shots, shared the job with Antti Niemi the past two seasons, and the move for Bishop left them as the clear backup.
“I don't think it's on the goaltending,” Hitchcock said. “We made two big errors. Both ended up in the net.”
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when they redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Fleury, who made several big stop in the third period and got a break when Alexander Radulov's shot deflected off a Vegas teammate with Fleury sprawled on the ice.
The Stars were marking some milestones as well, celebrating 25 seasons since moving from Minnesota with plenty of highlights while three-time golf major winner Jordan Spieth and former Dallas Cowboys quarterback-turned-broadcaster Tony Romo watched from a suite.
The biggest pregame roar came when Hitchcock was introduced, right after a highlight reel that included Brett Hull's Stanley Cup-winning goal when Hitchcock was behind the bench in 1999.
Technically, it's the 24th season for the Dallas Stars because of the lockout that wiped out the 2004-05 season. They moved from Minnesota for the 1993-94 season.
NOTES: The first penalty in Vegas franchise history was a roughing call against Jonathan Marchessault about midway through the first period. … Fleury had the first save just seven seconds in when John Klingberg sent the puck all the way down from past centre ice. … Hitchcock was denied a chance to tie Al Arbour for third on the career coaching victories list. Hitchcock has 781.
A multistate manhunt for the suspect in a random killing that Cleveland police say they recorded and posted to Facebook is entering its third day.
Authorities say it's now a nationwide search for 37-year-old Steve Stephens, who's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the shooting death of a 74-year-old retired man in Cleveland on Sunday.
Videos Stephens shared show them talking about their despair over gambling debts and trouble with their girlfriend.
On Monday evening, Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing. The company says it disabled Stephen's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report. Facebook says, “we know we need to do better.”
JEFFERSONVILLE, IN (WAVE) - A new member of the Jeffersonville City Council was sworn on Monday.
Ron Ellis was elected to the at-large council seat left vacant when Josh Rodriquez died in March.
Photos of Ellis' swearing in were posted on the Jeffersonville Mayor's Office Facebook page.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The author of a children's book with a pluralistic message about religious diversity in Jerusalem has expressed anger about the way...
SYDNEY, Australia — A hotel valet had a lucky escape — but the luxury sports car they were trying to park did not.
Australian media say the valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney.
Emergency workers cut the driver out from the Porsche as a large crowd watched. The driver was reported to be unhurt.
The larger vehicle was propped up and its wheels were anchored so the vehicles could be separated. The black Porsche, its hood and front bumper crunched and dented, was then backed onto a tow truck.
Witness Jonathan Bayle told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. they thought a television show or movie was being shot.
BELLEVUE, Neb. (KMTV) - A Bellevue woman was in search of their mother's guardian angel — a man who came to their aid after they nearly passed out in their car at Offutt Air Force Base.
Norma Huff is diabetic, and their blood sugar had dropped to dangerous levels, but the actions of a Good Samaritan saved them life.
On Monday, Huff got to meet Duane Page, a retired Offutt Sergeant, who saw them slumped over in their car and called 9-1-1. Huff said they were inches away from going into a diabetic coma.
But Huff had no idea Page had helped her, so their daughter, Sam McKinney, went looking for him,
“She told me gentlemen in a red t-shirt and a ball cap found her,” McKinney said.
They posted on the Bellevue 411 page and was able to find Page.
Tears were shed and thank-yous were exchanged — Page is now this family's hero.
“I try not to use the word 'hero' too much," said Page, who said they retired in 2008, but still works at Offutt. "It is a heavy weight to carry. I just feel I was the average person just doing something helpful for someone else."
“In my mind, they are a hero. I don't think my mother would be here if not for Mr. Page,” McKinney said.
Page said they now have a new family to add to the Christmas card list.
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
In our Lensbaby Velvet 85 review, we casually mentioned that it was like three lenses in one, but the Lensbaby Trio 28 is literally that. Three separate optics, each with a 28mm focal length, are contained within a single lens and rotate in or out of position, giving photographers three distinct looks to choose from. The design is somewhat reminiscent of three-lens setups on old 16mm motion picture film cameras, except that in this case, each lens provides a unique effect, rather than a different field of view. It comes with some drawbacks compared to using individual lenses, but the end result is a compact and very unique lens for mirrorless cameras that, like most Lensbaby lenses, is delightfully fun and refreshing to use for reasons we'll get into below in our Lensbaby Trio 28 review.
Fun, but challenging
The Trio 28 looks very different from any other camera lens. It is shaped somewhat like what would be called a pancake lens — being wider than it is long — except that it has an additional, smaller lens barrel tacked onto the front. (So, maybe it's more of a short stack?)
The second barrel is where the lenses themselves are housed and you rotate it to switch from one to the next, with options for Twist, Sweet, and Velvet effects. The larger barrel houses a manual focus ring, which controls focus for all three optics.
Daven Mathies/Digital Trends Daven Mathies/Digital Trends
Daven Mathies/Digital Trends Daven Mathies/Digital Trends
Focal length isn't the only specification shared across all three of the Trio 28's lenses. They also share a fixed aperture at f/3.5. This is one downside of fitting three lenses into a single, compact housing. Not only is the aperture relatively slow for a prime lens, but it also can't be stopped down at all, leaving you with no control over depth of field and forcing you to rely solely on ISO and shutter speed to achieve a proper exposure.
Fortunately, it does have a 46mm filter thread, so you can counter shutter speed limitations with a neutral density (ND) filter (which will be especially necessary if you want to use this lens for video, where shutter speeds around 1/60 of a second are often preferred for aesthetic reasons).
Beginner photographers may become frustrated with focusing manually
Being stuck with one aperture value also means you're stuck with just one effect intensity. On traditional Lensbaby lenses, the aperture has always offered control over the strength of a given effect.
On Sweet lenses, for example, decreasing the aperture will increase the size of the in-focus sweet spot; Velvet lenses trade their characteristic “glow” effect for increased sharpness as they are stopped down; and the Twist 60 increases the width of the in-focus area and reduces vignetting at smaller apertures. So the Trio 28 trades one type of versatility for another, giving you three distinct effects in one lens, but with only one level of each effect.
Like many of Lensbaby lenses this one is manual-focus only, and while it's nothing new, the relatively low cost increases its appeal to beginner photographers, who may become frustrated with the process of focusing manually. In our testing, we found it was very easy to mess up focus, even when using the camera's focus peaking and magnification.
Part of the problem is that the Trio 28 has soft focus by design, particularly the Velvet optic, and it's simply difficult to know when the focus is truly correct. This is exacerbated by shooting handheld, as we were.
The Trio 28 is designed specifically for mirrorless cameras and is available only in Sony E, Fujifilm XF, and Micro Four Thirds (Panasonic and Olympus) mounts. There is not an equivalent model for DSLRs, but it is compatible with sensor sizes up to full-frame, so you can use it on your Sony A7 II. We tested it on a Fujifilm X-T2, which uses an APS-C sensor, but it seems logical that the effects (particularly with the Sweet and Twist optics) would be even more pronounced on a full-frame camera, as the image area would include light from the periphery of the lens, where the effect is strongest.
Twist
Of the three lenses offered, the Twist optic produced, by far, our favorite effect. It imitates the look of old Petzval lenses, with swirly blur that encircles a tack-sharp subject. It's a look that's dangerously addictive at first, and you are likely to overuse it if you're not careful. Regular old background blur just looks so boring by comparison.
The Twist optic is dangerously addictive; you are likely to overuse it if you're not careful.
We also liked that the strength of the effect is properly dialed in. It has just the right amount of twist and blur and creates a stunning separation of subject and background.
It definitely works best with busy backgrounds, especially trees, flowers, or other dense foliage, which gives the lens plenty of material to twist and distort. The effect is less noticeable with plainer backgrounds, and this is where we lean toward using one of the other optics.
While opinions will undoubtedly differ from one user to the next, we would not at all be surprised if most photographers spent the majority of their time with the Trio 28 with it set squarely on Twist. Maybe next time, Lensbaby will just give us a Trio with three different focal lengths of Twist lenses. We can dream, right?
Sweet
The Sweet lens creates the classic Lensbaby effect: a center spot of sharpness surrounded by blur that increases toward the edge of the frame. We rated the effect second to the Twist, primarily because at f/3.5, the sweet spot is kind of just in that middle zone, neither small nor large. The effect is less noticeable than that of the Twist, and therefore feels less effective overall. One potential upside is that it is also less distracting, so if you're after a more subdued look, then the Sweet may have you covered.
That said, we found few instances where we chose the Sweet over the Twist. In fact, we often switched to the Sweet only to return to the Twist shortly thereafter.
Maybe this was just the asupervisorstioned and dangerous addictiveness of the Twist coming into play, but using the Sweet kind of felt like pouring Mrs. Butterworth's over our pancakes when we could have just as easily reached for pure maple syrup. Sure, some people would prefer the former, we guess, but the point here is that the Twist is great, and the Sweet is something a bit less than great — and we'd rather go with great.
Lensbaby's other Sweet optics are usually paired with a Composer Pro , the housing for the company's Optic Swap system that can tilt to change perspective. This allows the sweet spot to be moved around the frame, but of course the Trio 28 has no such flexibility; the sweet spot is always right in the center. Sure, that same restriction applies to the Twist and Velvet optics, but those effects have always been intended for straightforward alignment.
The standalone Velvet lenses don't tilt at all, and Lensbaby pairs the Twist 60 optic with a non-tilting housing and recommends keeping it pointed straight forward for those who do use it inside a Composer Pro. So while the Trio 28 offers a taste of what Sweet optics can do, it falls considerably short of what its standalone siblings offer.
Velvet
Across all of Lensbaby's various products, the Velvet series may be the most controversial, for lack of a better word. The Velvet effect is a glow around edges that adds warmth and softness to an image, and is particularly useful if you want a soft-focus portrait look. It has led to some popular products for Lensbaby, but the effect is not the easiest to work with. If used poorly, it just looks like a soft or out of focus image. When used well, it can be quite appealing, but the number of use cases where it really looks good seems to be small.
Lensbaby Trio 28 Compared To
In the Velvet 56 and Velvet 85 lenses, the strength of the effect can be controlled by the aperture. At smaller apertures, those lenses behave much like standard 56mm and 85mm lenses in terms of their look, which makes them much more versatile. The aperture on the Trio 28, however, can't be adjusted, so you're stuck with a set amount of velvety glow. Fortunately, the effect is well balanced at f/3.5, but we still found the Velvet to be our least used lens on the Trio 28. If the Sweet was Mrs. Butterworth's, the Velvet is more like plain yogurt; better than a dry pancake, but not exactly your first choice.
Warranty
Lensbaby offers a one-year warranty on the Trio 28.
Our Take
The Trio 28 is like no other lens on the market, offering three distinct effects in one compact package. And at just $280, it's quite affordable, as far as lenses go. It's a different kind of lens, one that is simple enough to be fun, but challenging enough to keep you engaged. Yes, it is more restrained than standalone Twist, Sweet, and Velvet lenses, but it brings these three effects into one product that is small and light enough to carry with you anywhere.
Even if you don't use it on every shoot, it's sufficiently cheap and compact to keep it on hand for those occasional moments when it can really work well. Even with a short 28mm focal length (42mm equivalent on our Fujifilm X-T2), it's appropriate for portraiture, although using it on a full-frame camera may change our opinion on this.
Again, the Twist optic is our favorite of the three options by a good margin, but the Sweet is a close second and perhaps more effective with simple backgrounds. The Velvet optic was the least interesting, but the low cost of the Trio 28 makes it worth it even you rarely use it. We would like to see a standalone Twist solution for mirrorless cameras — the Twist 60 is built specifically for full-frame and available only in Sony, Nikon, and Canon mounts unless purchased separately and used in a Composer Pro — but we were very pleased with the Twist optic on the Trio 28.
Is there a better alternative?
Like most Lensbaby products, there really is no direct competitor to the Trio 28. It's also priced low enough to be an impulse buy for many photographers. It makes some tradeoffs, like sacrificing aperture control for three-in-one convenience, but it remains incredibly unique and fun to use. There is nothing else like it.
How long will it last?
The Trio 28 is well made and lacks any motors or other electronics, so there is little that can go wrong. It is also likely not to see a direct replacement for some time, so it should easily last for years to come.
Should you buy it?
Yes, especially if you've wanted to try out a Lensbaby effects lens but weren't ready to bite the bullet on a more expensive model. For mirrorless camera users, the Trio 28 is a great introduction to the world of Lensbaby, and an affordable way to add a dash of pizazz to your next Instagram post that will help it stand out from the crowd. Unfortunately, it's not an option for DSLR users.
We slightly hesitate to recommend this lens to new photographers as it is not the easiest thing to work with, but so long as you're up for the challenge of focusing manually and don't mind putting a bit more time into making your photographs, you will be very happy with the Lensbaby Trio 28.
The Rubik's Cube is a 3D twisty puzzle. Learn the beginner's solution tutorial memorizing only a few algorithms.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
Russia is joining a U.S.-led project to build a manned lunar spaceport, parts of which could be orbiting the moon by 2024, both countries said Wednesday.
The agreement between NASA and Roscosmos, the Russian space agency, was announced at the annual conference of the International Astronautical Congress in Adelaide, Australia.
NASA first revealed plans to build what it's now calling the Deep Space Gateway in March 2016. It is meant to extend technology and expertise developed for the space shuttle and the International Space Station, with an eye toward using the port as a launching pad for possible manned missions to the lunar surface or even Mars.
The proposed Deep Space Gateway in an artist's rendering. NASA
The space station, the world's largest science project, is one of the few arenas of cooperation that hasn't been torpedoed by the escalating sniping between Washington and Moscow in the past few years.
The United States has been working on the Deep Space Gateway with other partners in the space station program, including the European, Canadian and Japanese space agencies, NASA said. But until Wednesday, Russia's participation had been up in the air.
Related: Trump Adds to NASA Budget, Approves Crewed Mission to Mars
In an address at the space conference Wednesday, Roscosmos' director general, Igor Komarov, confirmed that Russia will be a primary partner.
"The agreements reached open new prospects for international cooperation and expand the opportunities for using the capabilities of the Russian space industry," Komarov said. "The first modules may be put in space in 2024 to 2026."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed July 26: Why Haven't Humans Reached Mars Yet? 0:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In a statement, NASA said Russia's participation "reflects the common vision for human exploration that NASA and Roscosmos share" in so-called cislunar space, science-speak for the void of space between Earth and the moon.
"While the Deep Space Gateway is still in concept formulation, NASA is pleased to see growing international interest in moving into cislunar space as the next step for advancing human space exploration," said Robert M. Lightfoot Jr., NASA's acting administrator.
Riyad Mahrez has been left out of Leicester City's squad for the visit of Swansea City, with Claude Puel telling the Algerian to "clear their head" following the collapse of their prospective move to Manchester City.
Mahrez emerged as a late target for Pep Guardiola's league leaders in January following an injury to Leroy Sané, with the two clubs entering negotiations as the deadline approached.
CP: “I hope Riyad can clear their head and come back with us, because he's a valuable player and I think their place is with their team-mates. We will deal with the details inside the Club, not in the public. It's important we stay united, move on and keep focus on our play.” #LeiSwa pic.twitter.com/Ndt8rt2iw1 — Leicester City (@LCFC) February 2, 2018
However, Leicester held firm and are said to have demanded £95million for the 26-year-old, leaving City to concede defeat in their pursuit.
As a result, Mahrez is now reported to have missed training four days in a row having not turned up on Friday, with Puel refusing to confirm whether they have permission or not.
But Puel did empathise with Mahrez's situation and remains hopeful of them returning to action with Leicester once they have regained their focus, though Saturday will come too soon as the manager revealed the club has made the decision to make them unavailable for selection.
"As a club, we took this decision for the good of Leicester," Puel told reporters at their pre-match news conference.
"I think it's the best decision for the club after the position with Riyad. We need to respect this decision.
"It's a tough situation for us to manage after this transfer window. Their team-mates wait for Riyad to come back. They're friends.
"I understand their disappointment. It was an opportunity for him. They play for Leicester, they give a lot of good things.
"He can also have a good ambition with us. Riyad, after some time, can come back with us.
"I hope they can clear their head and come back for us because he's a valuable player for us, crucial in our play. We need to stay united after all this. I will assess them when they are back."
Arsene Wenger conceded that Arsenal looked short on confidence in their hard-fought 2-1 win over Middlesbrough on Monday.
Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil were enough to give the Gunners all three points at the Riverside Stadium, despite Alvaro Negredo having levelled the scores shortly after half-time.
The victory ended a run of four consecutive away losses in the Premier League for the Gunners and took them back to within seven points of the top four, having played a game fewer than fourth-placed Manchester City.
Although the Frenchman accepted that the display was far from perfect, Wenger was thrilled with the level of commitment from their players, having seen them crumble in a 3-0 loss at Crystal Palace last time out.
5 - Only Thierry Henry (12) has scored more direct free-kick goals in the Premier League for Arsenal than Alexis Sanchez. Lash. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) April 17, 2017
"I felt we were focused and committed. You could see we did not play with full confidence, but overall we really wanted to win," the Arsenal manager told Sky Sports.
"Second half, we missed the final ball when we could maybe have added one or two more and they created chances with crosses and set-pieces.
"Middlesbrough gave everything. It's one of their last chances to stay in the league.
"There are still some chances where maybe we could have played better with some long balls, but the focus and commitment was there.
"It was a testing point for us, mentally [at 1-1] it was a moment when I felt that 'now we'll see where we go'. You could see the players have a good mentality, they wanted to win the game and they responded."
Wenger experimented with a back three of Gabriel, Laurent Koscielny and Rob Holding, and the 67-year-old explained that they had grown concerned about the Gunners' susceptibility to conceding from direct approach play.
"I felt it added a bit more stability on the long balls, we've recently been punished with that," they said. "We let them have the ball a bit more than we're used to. Against Palace and West Brom, we had 70 per cent of the possession and we lost.
"We want to have the ball, but sometimes, when a team lacks confidence, a change in system can help them believe in something different."
Boro boss Steve Agnew was hugely frustrated to take nothing from the match, but insisted that their players showed they have a chance of surviving, despite the six-point gap between them and safety.
62 - Middlesbrough have conceded more Premier League goals against Arsenal than they have against any other side (62 in 29 games). Leaky. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) April 17, 2017
"We are bitterly disappointed with the result, but the players gave everything they had. We couldn't ask more of them," they told Sky Sports.
"I felt we might get the second goal after Negredo scored. The ball just wouldn't drop in the box for us. We put them under tremendous pressure.
"We just have to keep the season alive. We need a win and I'm confident we'll get it.
"This group don't know how to give in. They will never, ever stop."
With the 2016 season officially over, the Minnesota Vikings have signed a total of 9 players to Reserve/Futures contracts for 2017.
The 2016 season is officially on the books for the Minnesota Vikings, finishing 8-8 after an injury plagued and frankly bizarre season. One that seen Mike Zimmer require eye surgery, Norv Turner basically quit on the team, Teddy Bridgewater go down with a freak non contact injury, more left tackles than I can remember, oh and someone managed to sneak rappelling equipment into the stadium yesterday and climb up into the rafters of the stadium.
Obviously, I would rather be here talking about the Vikings chances in the playoffs but considering how everything went down for this team in 2016… some light offseason fodder sounds pretty refreshing right about now.
It doesn't get much lighter than Reserve/Futures contracts, of which the Minnesota Vikings have officially announced the signing of 9 players to the team:
More from The Viking Age
Mortiz Bohringer, wide receiver
Cayleb Jones, wide receiver
Bishop Sankey, running back
Kyle Carter, tight end
Marquis Lucas, tackle
Austin Shepherd, tackle
Sterling Bailey, defensive tackle
Tre Roberson, corner back
Cedric Thompson, safety
A Reserve / Future contract is a one or two-year deal, done at the league minimum and based on the number of years experience a player has in the NFL. The only players eligible for Reserve / Future deals are those who were not on any teams active roster at the end of the following season. Wide Receiver Isaac Fruechte, who was activated for the final game against the Chicago Bears, spent the bulk of last season on the Vikings practice squad under one of these contracts.
As the 2017 Minnesota Vikings roster begins to take shape, these players will begin the process of fighting for a roster spot through OTA's, Training Camp, and Pre-Season.
It is a long journey from practice squad to active 53-roster but if Adam Thielen has taught us anything, talent can come from anywhere. Perhaps one of these players will one day be making a splash for the Vikings each and every Sunday!
This article originally appeared on
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – The New York Police Department will hold a late-night candlelight vigil Wednesday to honor Detective Miosotis Familia, the NYPD officer killed after being ambushed in a mobile command unit in the Bronx.
Familia, a mother of three, was assassinated on July 5, 2017, by a gunman who was later killed by police. They were sitting in an NYPD Truck when it happened.
Police say they were killed for their uniform. They had served for 12 years in the 46th Precinct.
The vigil beings at 11:30 p.m. at the corner of Ryer Avenue and E. 181st Street in the Bronx.
At the time of the shooting, NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill called Familia's slaying “a direct attack on police officers assigned to safeguard the people of New York City.
“Make no mistake: Officer Familia was murdered for their uniform and for the responsibility they embraced,” O'Neill said in a statement. “And for the NYPD, regularly achieving lower crime figures means absolutely nothing when one of our own is brutally shot and killed.”
Them daughter, 20-year-old Genesis Villella, put their college education on hold to fill their mother's shoes, raising their 12-year-old twin siblings, Delilah and Peter.
Thanks to donations last year, Familia's family was given a mortgage-free three-bedroom apartment in the Skyview Towers overlooking the Hudson River in Riverdale.
During a National Peace Officers' Memorial Service in Washington DC last May, President Donald Trump recognized Familia's family in attendance.
“I just want to say that, to your entire family, it's such an honor to have you up here,” said Trump. “She loved the department. They loved being a police officer. They loved their job. They were respected by everybody.”
STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) -- Broc Everett made their first college golf title one to remember.
Given a second chance, on the 18th hole, Everett poured in a 15-foot birdie putt in a playoff to beat Brandon Mancheno of Auburn and win the NCAA men's individual title Monday at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
''I was fortunate to get another chance - and a good look,'' said Everett, a senior at Augusta.
Everett had a 10-foot birdie putt to win in regulation and missed it to the right. They closed with a 1-under 71 and joined Mancheno at 7-under 281. Mancheno, a first-year student for the Tigers, got up-and-down from the right side of the green on the par-5 18th tor a 72.
In the playoff on No. 18, Mancheno went for the green with a long iron. They pulled it to the right, and the ball bounced next to a tree, leaving an impossible shot for the left-hander. Mancheno did well to chip it across the green into the rough, and they chipped that one to a few feet to save par.
Everett laid up from the rough and hit wedge to 10 feet behind the hole. They raised both arms when the putt fell into the center of the cup, and the celebration was on.
Augusta, which won the NCAA championship at Karsten Creek in 2011 with Masters champion Patrick Reed on the team, did not make the 54-hole cut for team competition. Everett advanced as an individual.
Mancheno made only one birdie over their last 12 holes, but that was on the 18th and it gave them a chance.
''It was a great learning experience for me. This was my first try, too, so I can't be too upset with myself,'' Mancheno said. ''I put myself in a good position and I didn't play good enough today.''
Doug Ghim, the U.S. Amateur runner-up last year at Riviera, closed with a 72 with a birdie on their final hole to finish in third, one shot out of the playoff.
Oklahoma State led eight teams into the match play portion of the championship that starts Tuesday and decides the team title. The Cowboys had the low team score by eight shots on their home course.
Story Continues
The other teams to advance were Duke, Texas Tech, defending champion Oklahoma, Auburn, Alabama, Texas and Texas A&M. The final eight features four Big 12 teams, three from the Southeastern Conference and one from the ACC.
LOS ANGELES — Joseph Bologna, an actor, writer, and director known for their role in 1982's "My Favorite Year" and for their long collaboration on stage and screen with wife Renee Taylor, has died after a three-year battle with pancreatic cancer. They were 82.
Bologna died Sunday morning at City of Hope in Duarte, Calif. Just last month, Bologna attended a 35th anniversary screening of "My Favorite Year" in Los Angeles. Bologna played the explosive TV star King Kaiser in the backstage comedy inspired by Mel Brooks' experiences as a young TV writer on Sid Caesar's legendary "Your Show of Shows."
Renee Taylor and Joseph Bologna attend the "Actor's Fund Benefit" on Sept, 12, 1987 in Beverly Hills, California. Ron Galella, Ltd. / WireImage
Taylor said Bologna had "a beautiful life and a beautiful death." Bologna died just two days after the couple celebrated their 52nd wedding anniversary.
Bologna and Taylor co-wrote and starred in the Broadway show "Lovers and Others Strangers" in 1968. The pair then earned Oscar nominations for their screenplay adaptation for the 1970 film starring Gig Young and Bea Arthur. Taylor and Bologna also won a Writers Guild Award for their 1971 movie "Made For Each Other," in which they also starred.
In all, the couple co-wrote some 22 plays and collaborated on numerous film and TV projects, including the Marlo Thomas TV special "Acts of Love and Other Comedies," and such series as CBS' "Calucci's Department," HBO's "Bedrooms," and PBS' "American Dream Machine."
Bologna and Taylor were introduced by their mutual manager, Buddy Allen. The couple's wedding was held on the stage of "The Merv Griffin Show" and featured on the talk show. Taylor noted that they renewed their vows five times over their half-century together, each time in a different religious ceremony.
Joseph Bologna attends the 23rd annual "Night Of 100 Stars" black tie dinner viewing gala on Feb. 24, 2013 in Beverly Hills, California. Tommaso Boddi / WireImage
A native of Brooklyn, Bologna grew up in a working-class Italian-American family and went on to serve in the Marine Corps. They then entered the advertising business in the "Mad Men" era. They directed numerous commercials before turning their focus to the stage with Taylor.
Bologna's other film credits include 1976's "Woman of the Year," 1984's "Blame It on Rio" and "The Woman in Red," 1985's "Transylvania 6-5000," and 1989's "It Had to Be You." More recently, they lent their voice to 2006's "Ice Age: The Meltdown."
Bologna also logged dozens of TV credits over the years, from telepics to sitcoms to dramas. Among the notable made-fors were the 1986 miniseries "Sins" and 1983's "One Cooks, the Other Doesn't." Bologna appeared opposite future "Friends" star Matt LeBlanc in the 1991 "Married With Children" spinoff "Top of the Heap" and also in the 1987-88 dramedy "Rags to Riches." Their last TV roles included guest shots on "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," "According to Jim," and "Everwood."
Bologna's final project was the upcoming film "Tango Shalom," a comedy directed by their son, Gabriel. The elder Bologna co-wrote the screenplay with Claudio and Jos Laniado and stars alongside Taylor. The couple's daughter, Zizi, served as music supervisor.
The family has said that funeral services are being arranged at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills.
Coming off the release of their new album Eat the Elephant and Coachella appearances, A Perfect Circle have extended their U.S. and European tours through the fall. The band first revealed spring tour dates back in February, at the same time as the new album news, and they've now added an additional run of shows on each continent, including one at Red Rocks Amphitheater and a couple on the East Coast. Tickets for the new dates go on sale this Friday, April 27, at 10 a.m. local time.
Eat the Elephant, A Perfect Circle's first new album in 14 years, is out now. Next month, the band will tour the central and southwestern U.S. before heading to Europe for a series of theater and festival shows in June. Meanwhile, the non-Maynard James Keenan members of Tool are touring the Midwest with an exclusive $500 “music clinic” discussion series, jumping in the studio with Death Grips, and remaining cagey about apparent progress on their own long-anticipated new album (which Tom Morello somehow claims he's already heard).
See all of APC's newly announced tour dates below, and don't go whining on Yelp when you visit Keenan's winery this fall and he's not there, because we did warn you.
A Perfect Circle fall 2018 U.S. tour dates
October 20 — Salt Lake City, UT @ Maverick Center
October 22 — Denver, CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheater
October 24 — Austin, TX @ Austin 360 Amphitheatre
October 29 — Atlanta, GA @ Fox Theatre
October 30 — Orlando, FL @ CFE Arena
November 1 — Charlotte, NC @ Bojangles' Coliseum
November 2 — Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
November 6 — New York, NY @ The Theater at Madison Square Garden
November 17 — Anaheim, CA @ The Theatre at Honda Center
November 18 — Las Vegas, NV @ The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas – The Chelsea
November 20 — Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theatre
A Perfect Circle fall 2018 European tour dates
December 2 — Glasgow, Scotland Glasgow Academy
December 3 — Manchester, U.K. @ Victoria Warehouse
December 5 — London, U.K. @ Wembley Arena Pavilion
December 7 — Antwerp, Belgium @ Lotto Arena
December 13 — Hamburg, Germany @ Sporthalle Hamburg
December 15 — Kraków, Poland Tauron @ Arena Kraków
December 16 — Vienna, Austria @ Wiener Stadhalle
December 18 — Milan, Italy @ Mediolanum Forum
December 19 — Rome, Italy @ Palalottomatica
Now there's no excuse for not eating breakfast.
From the time your local Chick-fil-A restaurant opens Aug. 15 until 10:30 a.m., it will be giving away a four-count of Chick-fil-A Chick-n-Minis. (Say that five times fast!)
Actually, you don't have to – all you have to do is walk in and get them. One entree per person, and you mut be present to claim. (Meaning you can't send your friend to get yours).
An oh yeah, if for some reason you can't make it to the store today, consider this a heads-up that Chick-fil-A will be giving away free breakfast again, Sept. 19.
– Sonia Murray, CBS Local
Cottman Transmission and Total Auto Care continues to gain recognition for its digital marketing expertise, as the brand was awarded with two accolades honoring its online educational video series.
Cottman's web series “Transmission Physician,” featuring an animated female transmission expert, earned a Bronze Award in the 38th annual Telly Awards competition. The series was recognized both for “Craft Use of Animation for Branded Content & Entertainment” and for “Web Series for Video, Shows or Segments.”
“We're so proud of our work with the Transmission Physician,” said Derik Beck, vice president of digital marketing at Cottman. “Our whole team put our hearts and souls into this project to reinforce both Cottman's excellent services and our reputation as a brand. It's humbling to be recognized for our efforts, and I'm honored to accept this award on behalf of my team.”
As the premier authority on creative excellence in local, regional and cable TV commercials and programs, as well as the finest video, film, web series and animation innovations, a Telly Award represents an acknowledgment of Cottman's marketing efforts and the marketing value of the Transmission Physician.
The web series was conceptualized as a subtle but meaningful acknowledgement of the contributions women have made in the auto care industry. The Transmission Physician also signals to both customers and potential franchisees that Cottman is focused on creating an inclusive environment at all of its locations nationwide.
“We first designed the Transmission Physician as a way to emphasize the contributions of women in our field,” added Beck. “Inclusivity is part of who we are at Cottman, and the fact that they won a Bronze at the Telly Awards shows the impact a web series like ours can have not only on our business, but on the auto aftermarket industry as a whole.”
This web series is one element of Cottman's broader catalog of educational digital content. Using fun, accessible animation and themes, Cottman shares its educational videos on the brand's website as a way for consumers to learn more about common car care topics.
As a specialist in transmission technology and repair, the Transmission Physician aims to debunk common transmission myths, shares specialized, transmission-specific advice and explores related topics such as checking the automatic transmission fluid, why transmissions are so expensive, the process of how a transmission works, rechecks and more.
The Telly Awards was founded in 1979 to honor excellence in local, regional and cable TV commercials, and is now one of the most sought-after awards by industry leaders, from large international firms to local production companies and ad agencies.
For the 38th annual Telly Awards, judges evaluated submissions against a high standard of merit, recognizing individual distinction in creative work based on the combined scoring of all judges evaluating an entry. Judges may choose to award top honors to more than one entry or no entries at all in a particular category.
To learn more about Cottman Transmission and Total Auto Care, visit cottman.com.
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
Turkish police meanwhile detained eight people in connection to the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
“We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories,” the statement said.
Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said eight people were taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters. It did not provide further information on the suspects.
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
Kyrgyzstan's Foreign Ministry said it was looking into the media reports.
“We have ordered the consul in Istanbul the check this report that has appeared in the press,” the Interfax news agency quoted ministry spokesperson Aiymkan Kulukeyeva as saying Monday. “According to preliminary information, this information is doubtful but we are checking all the same.”
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in the massacre.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified. The report said 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
Authorities have said the three suicide bombers in the airport attack were from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan and there has been speculation that Akhmed Chatayev, a Chechen extremist known to be a top lieutenant in the IS militant group, may have directed the attack.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometres (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – Louisville Metro Police have arrested a man they say stabbed someone earlier this week near Churchill Downs.
LMPD arrested Anthony Edwards on Thursday.
According to their arrest report, the incident occurred at South 5th and M Street shortly after 11:30 p.m. Thursday.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Pilot killed in plane crash outside Bardstown
+ Domestic violence victims honored, remembered
+ CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Floyd Co. police search for vandals
Police responded to the area where they said they found Edwards behind a business in the 600 block of M street. Edwards allegedly ran from police was arrested shortly before 11:45 p.m., according to police reports.
LMPD said Edwards admitted to the stabbing but called it self-defense. Police reports state that a witness told LMPD that the victim was using a stick to hit Edwards who then grabbed the knife, walked towards the victim who began to back off, the victim fell and Edwards then began to stab him.
The victim was taken to UofL Hospital for treatment. The victim's condition is unknown.
Edwards has been charged with assault and fleeing police.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
REGINA, United States — A Canadian historical association is stripping the name of the country's first prime minister from one of its top honours.
John A. Macdonald's place in Canadian history was debated by many of the scholars who know it best at the Canadian Historical Association's annual meeting in Regina.
Members of the association voted overwhelmingly Tuesday to rename the Sir John A. Macdonald Prize to the CHA Prize for Best Scholarly Book in Canadian History.
The association's president says the new title is more in line with the intentions of the $5,000 prize, which recognizes non-fiction writing that's been deemed to have made a significant contribution to the study of Canadian history.
Adele Perry says some members have expressed concerns that removing Macdonald's name from the prize amounts to “revisionist history,” but they say there's a difference between history and commemoration.
University of Regina professor James Daschuk, who won the Sir John A. Macdonald Prize in 2014, says they think the move reflects a more fulsome history of Macdonald's role in implementing policies that burden Canada's Indigenous Peoples into the present day.
Macdonald's political significance and the way it's commemorated is part of an ongoing debate across the country when it comes to recognizing Canada's colonial past.
In August, the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario called for the removal of Macdonald's name from elementary schools in the province, referring to them as the “architect of genocide against Indigenous Peoples.” That call was rejected by Ontario's premier, who noted the need to understand all parts of the country's history.
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia — France picked up two trophies in 1998: One, of course, was the country's only World Cup title, won on home soil. It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe, the 19-year-old who's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup.
“Well, that was a good year for them to be born, even if they didn't see much of the 1998 World Cup,” joked French coach Didier Deschamps, who was the captain in '98. “I'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen.”
?It will be France's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay's defence anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals. The winner will face Brazil or Belgium.
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches, and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16.
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958.
It's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away.
“It's flattering to be the second one since Pele,” said Mbappe, born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria. “But let's put things in perspective. Pele's another category.”
This is France's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps, Patrick Vieira, Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called “Rainbow Team” from a multicultural France.
“In a World Cup you have the top-level players,” said Mbappe, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain. “So it's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are. There is no better place than a World Cup.”
After three lacklustre games in group play, France was electric in its most recent match, particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina's plodding defence. Five of France's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup, including Mbappe.
“You need some patience,” Deschamps said.
Deschamps has compared playing Uruguay to facing Peru, which narrowly lost to France 1-0 in group play on a goal by Mbappe.
They termed Uruguay “solid and aggressive” in a French television interview, adding: “These are not qualities displayed by Argentina.”
The match will showcase several cross-border friendships.
Griezmann plays at Atletico Madrid where their teammates are Uruguayan defenders Godin and Jose Maria Gimenez. Godin is the godfather of Griezmann's daughter.
While Godin and Gimenez will try to stop Griezmann, Uruguay striker Luis Suarez will be opposing Barcelona teammate Samuel Umtiti.
“I've always joked … that I wanted to face Umtiti at a World Cup,” Suarez said. “And it came true.”
Suarez's running mate, Edinson Cavani, scored both goals in the knockout win over Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal but is nursing a hamstring injury, and it' unclear if they will play.
Their absence would be a blow to the South Americans, but defence is the real key with coach Oscar Tabarez expecting to see less of the ball.
“I think very often there's the mistaken belief that ball possession leads to scoring opportunities,” said Tabarez, who took over in 2006.
“If you don't have ball possession, you can still inflict pain.”
When composer George Gershwin was writing An American in Paris in 1928, they needed a quiet place to work.
They found that at 216 John Street in Greenwich, Connecticut, where their composer friend—and alleged lover—Kay Swift lived with their husband, a banker named Jimmy Warburg who advised President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Now the 43-acre estate known as Bydale, which has been owned by the same family for nearly a century, is being offered for $10.995 million. Scroll down to see more of the property.
The Los Angeles subway system is expanding and so too are the number of prehistoric fossils being recovered as crews dig beneath the city.
Since work on one extension began in 2014, workers have routinely turned up fossilized remains of rabbits, camels, bison and other creatures that roamed the region during the last Ice Age. But Paleontologist Ashley Leger says "the big one" uncovered by their team is the intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites. Transportation officials say paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line.
Getty Image
When the Golden State Warriors wrapped up their second championship in three years on Monday night in Oracle Arena, the summer-long celebration began as Kevin Durant, Steph Curry, Draymond Green, and the rest had fulfilled their destiny as champions. There were only two main questions people had about the Warriors' 2017 championship team. Where they rank among the greatest title teams of all-time? Would they go on a White House visit to see Donald Trump?
The first question will be debated for years, but the second is one the Warriors will eventually have to answer. There was a somewhat sketchy report on Tuesday morning that the Warriors were planning on skipping the visit, but the team denied that a decision had been made on that front, noting that they first have to be invited.
The invite seems inevitable, and the question won't stop until an actual answer is given. On Wednesday, Steph Curry offered something more concrete when asked about the White House visit issue, noting that their answer hadn't changed from earlier in the year, but that the team still needed to have that conversation and come to an agreement.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A man is recovering from injuries after they crashed a rental car in Youngstown.
The accident happened just before 1 a.m. Monday.
According to police, the driver hit a large rock, a fence and narrowly missed a house on Loveland Road before the car caught fire.
Youngstown police say the driver was drunk and the Hertz rental car had been reported stolen because it wasn't returned at the appropriate time.
The driver was taken to St. Elizabeth Hospital and is expected to recover. Police say he'll be charged with OVI.
** The following is a transcript of a conference call with local beat reporters this afternoon.**
On their workouts with quarterback Kirk Cousins and their role in the offense:
“I mean the workouts that we had with Kirk, those went well. It was three days of pretty much just running routes and catching passes from Kirk. You know just going over some things that we feel like we can take advantage of as far as within the offense. That went well. I wouldn't necessarily say that I'm taking over or anything. I'm just making sure that I ‘m doing my job and doing what I have to do to be an important role within the offense. You know, just making plays and helping out the team so we can get some wins.”
On their expectations of wide receivers Terrelle Pryor Sr. and Josh Doctson :
“My expectations from those guys is to make plays. Obviously, Terrelle has been in the league five, six years and they had a really big year last year for the [Cleveland] Browns. I'm excited to see Josh Doctson. They played two games last year came in and made a big play against Dallas [Cowboys]. Everybody knows he's pretty capable of making plays. I'm excited to play alongside those guys and all the other weapons that we have on offense. I think that we have unique guys all across the board. I'm just excited to go out there and help out as much as I can so that we can have a great season.”
On working with Jon Gruden in Tampa during the offseason:
“It was fun working with Jon Gruden. We spent time, maybe two to three hours a day in the film room. They made cut-ups of each individual player that was down there from the season. Like I said… we talked about some things that we could possibly incorporate into our offense, just so we can take advantage of things we see on the field. It was a good experience. It's hard for me to compare the two, Jay and Jon, because obviously I haven't been around John as long, it was just those few days, so I really can't draw a compare or contrast between those two guys. It was a fun experience down there and I thought it was beneficial for everybody that was involved.”
On if they see their role increasing within the offense this year:
“I really don't know. I don't know as far as my role increasing or, really, it's on the coaches. I'm just trying to make sure that I do what I can to be as much prepared for whatever situation the coaches put me in. I'm just going to roll with the flow and make sure I do what I have to do. If my role does increase, then I'm prepared for that. If it stays the same, then I'm prepared for that as well. We just have to see when the season gets here.”
On tight end Jordan Reed :
“Oh yeah, I mean with J- Reed they came down to Tampa as well and that was the last time I talked to him. That's been a few weeks back. But they looked good, looked in shape and everything, said they felt great and obviously everyone knows what J- Reed brings to the offense. He's listed as a tight end but he's more of a receiver-type guy as far as their route running and the way that they catch the football and the way that they can make plays after the catch. I mean, like I said, I look forward to playing alongside with J-Reed [and] just being one of the guys that just plays off of them because everybody knows that he's going to make plays and he's going to help out the offense as much as possible.”
On keeping their body healthy during the offseason:
“I mean, just in my short two years – two offseasons – I've learned just to kind of pace yourself. When I first was going into the draft and everything, that was the longest offseason just because I was prepping for [the NFL] Draft and Combine and Senior Bowl, stuff like that, but since last year I've learned that you have to find that time to let your body rest and let your body heal after the season, you know, because the season is so long and it's such a grind. So you have to kind of pace yourself and find the times when you want to get back into training and knowing what to train on and on or just kind of tempo it, you know, just so you can kind of stay in shape and get ready for things like OTAs and things like that. So I've kind of learned the ropes or what I feel is best for my body as far as making sure that I'm prepared physically to be able to come back and be in shape ready to perform.”
On what part of their skill set that they worked on this offseason:
“Nothing too much, just route running and catching the football that's the main thing. I'm making sure that I am getting stronger, doing some things, working out and trying to build speed but nothing too crazy. I know that each year I have to build on what I did last year. I'm just trying to make sure that I can find little things I can tweak to be better than what I was last year. Nothing too crazy, just route running and catching the football. That's pretty much it.”
On the Redskins passing game for 2017:
“I think it can still be very explosive like the previous two years I have been here. You look at [Terrelle] Pryor [Sr.] coming from (the) Cleveland [Browns]; they put up some big numbers last year with the [Cleveland] Browns. [Josh] Doctson, everybody is anxious to see what [Josh] Doctson is going to bring to the table. I have faith in them that they will be a huge weapon for us. Obviously with [Jordan] Reed and Vernon Davis , those guys had really good years last year and J-Reed [Jordan Reed] is J-Reed [Jordan Reed]. I feel like the offense can still be explosive if not more than it was last year.”
On what happens during the Offseason Program:
“We pretty much just work out and get reacquainted with the teammates. For this short little time period we have in the offseason a lot of us have been on our own, like training in Florida and I trained back in North Carolina for a little bit. It is really just getting reacquainted with everything and kind of refreshing yourself on the plays, working out with your teammates and just being in the building. Right now we are in phase one. That's where we are at right now. It's exciting to come back and see your teammates and get that feeling that football is right around the corner even though it is still a while away. When OTAs start everything starts to move fast so it's exciting.”
On how the Florida trip helped with chemistry with Terrelle Pryor Sr.:
“That was my first time interacting and meeting with Terrelle so that was the icebreaker. We would meet watch film and run routes. With our downtime there were a few nights we went out to eat and sat around and talked to get to know each other. I feel that it was important as the icebreaker, just to introduce myself and so everybody can get to know Terrelle. We know that the chemistry is only going to grow as the season goes on and as OTAs progress because we will be around each other all the time so it's only going to grow. I feel that the Florida trip was a good start and a good way to introduce ourselves to him.”
On if wide receivers Pierre Garçon and DeSean Jackson leaving will help quarterback Kirk Cousins spread the ball:
“I don't know. I feel like they [Kirk Cousins] distributed the ball last year well. I feel it's every receiver's mentality, every receiver wants the ball but I feel that last year Kirk distributed the ball well. They did what the coaches asked of them to do.”
(Port Authority of New york and New Jersey via AP). In this combination of three June 2016 file photos provided by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Dean Smith, left, Kimberly Arendt and John Cramsey are shown. Assistant Hudson County Pros...
By DAVID PORTERAssociated Press
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) - Two of three Pennsylvania residents arrested last summer about to enter New York in a pickup truck with a cache of weapons, allegedly on a trip to rescue a teenager from a drug den, have struck a deal to avoid trial.
The development was divulged during a court hearing Wednesday for the third defendant, John Cramsey, an anti-drug activist whose daughter died of a drug overdose last year.
Kimberly Arendt, of Lehighton, and Dean Smith, of Whitehall, were arrested with Cramsey last June after police pulled them over as they approached the Holland Tunnel. Police recovered weapons including a semi-automatic military-style rifle, a shotgun and five handguns, along with other tactical gear.
Assistant Hudson County Prosecutor Tom Zuppa said Wednesday that Smith and Arendt have been accepted into a pretrial intervention program, which is a probationary program that, if completed successfully, can lead to charges being dropped.
Cramsey, of East Greenville, has already rejected a plea deal that would have sent them to prison for at least 3½ years. They were previously rejected for pretrial intervention by the Hudson County prosecutor's office, but their attorney, James Lisa, said Wednesday they would reapply based on the decision regarding Arendt and Smith.
In audio played Wednesday at a hearing to determine which evidence will be allowed if Cramsey goes to trial, Smith told investigators that during the trip to New York Cramsey told Arendt to load a shotgun and shoot anybody that followed them on their way back.
They also characterized Cramsey as "a danger to themselves and others."
"If he's telling some girl to load a shot gun and shoot somebody, he's a menace to society," Smith was heard saying on the recording.
Lisa contested Smith's account.
"I'm really interested in what Ms. Arendt has to say about that, and I'm wondering why their statement wasn't introduced," they said.
Cramsey had posted online last June that they were heading to New York to "rescue" a girl whose friend had overdosed. The girl died of an overdose in Pennsylvania in January, according to their father.
Smith, a graphic designer and videographer who told investigators it was the first time he'd accompanied Cramsey on a rescue mission, was driving Cramsey's neon-painted truck when the group was stopped. According to police, the vehicle was pulled over because it had a crack in its windshield and had some objects hanging from a rearview mirror.
The defendants have contended the windshield problem was a pretense and that they were actually stopped because of the truck's Second Amendment-themed decorations
New Jersey has more stringent gun laws than Pennsylvania. It doesn't recognize carry permits from other states, and guns in cars must be kept locked and unloaded in a trunk or secure container.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A showcase of some of the city's best food and drink offerings is set for a return to Millennium Square this weekend.
The Leeds Food and Drink Festival will kick off next month and feature a range of street food vendors and international cuisine, among a delicious selection of locally-produced dishes.
Running now for its eighth year, and formerly known as the Yorkshire Food and Drink Show, the renewed event will return to the city centre from Friday until Sunday with a new look and layout.
Treats on offer will include Yorkshire Pudding wraps, buffalo burgers, Indian food, and vegetarian dishes.
For the very first time, this year's event will also feature traditional British tearooms, a large festival marquee bar serving local craft and traditional real ales, gin, cocktails, prosecco and Pimms, alongside live music entertainment.
Coun Judith Blake, leader of Leeds City Council, said: “It's wonderful to see the Leeds Food and Drink Festival returning and it's always one of the highlights of the summer each and every year.
“It's also a real opportunity to showcase the city's world class food, drink and leisure offering and the growing number of impressive and inventive street food traders we have in Leeds.”
The Leeds Food and Drink festival is free to enter, will be open from 11am-8pm on Friday and Saturday, and from 11am-4pm on Sunday.
It forms part of an extensive programme of events taking place in Millennium Square this summer, including Symphonic Sounds of Back to Basics show on July 17 and Opera North in the City Festival.
For more information, or events at Millennium Square, visit: www.millsqleeds.com
Each day, the drying Salton Sea and an increasingly busy border take their toll on the air quality of southern California's parched Imperial Valley. Despite averaging only three inches of rain a year, this swath of desert spanning the Mexican border from the Colorado River to San Diego County is heavily dependent on agriculture, and for decades farmers have relied on the Salton Sea to drain their fields. Today, the valley air hangs with toxic dust and pollution, and the residents face the highest rate of hospitalization for asthma of any area in the state.
“I wish I lived in an area where my kids could play outside any time of day.”
“I wish I lived in an area where my kids could play outside any time of day,” said Esther Bejarano, a mother whose two children suffer from asthma.  They are an educator for Comite Civico del Valle (CCV), a local organization that supports the health of the area's disadvantaged residents. They know the risks, regulates how much time their own children spend outside depending on the levels of pollution, and makes sure they have their medication and inhalers with them at all times. Despite taking these steps, they still live in a state of fear. “I expect the worst and pray for their health.”
Even before Trump took office, government response to air pollution in the region has been lackluster. Luis Olmedo, executive director of CCV, said that especially as the recession came to a head in 2008, environmental health concerns took a backseat to economics, and it is now clear that environmental protection will not be a government priority. “With this administration we are back to the [George W.] Bush era, but we are ready and we are prepared, because we have been there before,” they said.
"Low-income communities of color throughout the nation are exposed to toxic pollutants."
In 2013, the CCV began an effort to put the power of scientific data into the hands of community members. Through a partnership with the California Environmental Health Tracking Program, University of Washington, and with funding from the National Institutes of Health, the Imperial Valley Air Quality Control project installed 40 air quality monitors throughout the valley and set up a website to gather pollution information and community-generated reports. The project's goal is to track particulate matter—the hazardous sum of pollution that includes pollen, dust, smoke, and soot—and inform residents of the presence and distribution of possible health risks.
“It gives the community a record on what the government is doing and not doing,” Olmedo said. That information can be used to hold agencies accountable and to inform local, state, and national efforts. Olmedo is confident in the Imperial Valley community's continued support. “We are not dependent on the federal government, and we never have been,” they said.
Residents of Imperial County are predominantly Hispanic and average about half the California per capita income, according to U.S. census data. Due to the placement of highways and fossil fuel refineries, low-income communities of color throughout the nation are exposed to toxic pollutants at significantly higher levels than upper-income Whites, and the CCV air quality control project sought to involve the most affected people from the outset to address this disparity. Imperial Valley residents worked with researchers to select locations to set up the air monitors. The online tool, called Identifying Violations Affecting Neighborhoods (IVAN), was launched in September and allows residents to access air quality information from each monitor, which update every 5 minutes, easily report an environmental issue, and see others' reports.
“We are not dependent on the federal government, and we never have been.”
On Jan. 25, for example, a user submitted a report from El Centro: “Pesticide being applied while farmworkers harvesting.” The site admin then responded, “The [Department of Toxic Substances Control] Imperial CUPA has forwarded this complaint to the Imperial County Ag Commissioner's Office Department of Pesticide Regulation.”
Farther west, San Diego County sits sandwiched between the Imperial Valley and the Pacific Ocean, and it also suffers from extreme levels of air pollution. The district of San Ysidro, located immediately north of the Mexican border, where an estimated 50,000 vehicles cross every day, is at particular risk. Last year, it devised its own community-based air quality project, based on and using the same low-cost monitors as the Imperial Valley project.
The federal government wouldn't mitigate any of the adverse effects from pollution.
“The goal is less about seeing if communities meet those EPA standards and rather understanding where the hot spots are for pollution in the community,” said Edmund Seto, an associate professor with the University of Washington Department of Environmental and Occupational Health Services, who helped develop the air quality monitors. The two-year study, a partnership with the California EPA, University of Washington, and San Diego community organization Casa Familiar, is funded by a $225,000 grant, and currently operates 12 monitors throughout the San Ysidro area.
Results show that the border crossing is a notable hot spot. David Flores, Casa Familiar's community development director, said their organization saw a rise in community involvement in 2007, three years after news broke that the federal government would spend $750 million to rebuild the San Ysidro border inspection facility. This renovation included new vehicle inspection procedures that created longer queues on the highway and more greenhouse gas emissions from idling vehicles. Flores said the federal government wouldn't mitigate any of the adverse effects from pollution.
Their organizations are community-driven and sustained.
Thus, Casa Familiar led the community in developing bottom-up approaches, like the study, to protect themselves. “This study is putting the power in the community residents' hands. This is their data,” said Vanessa Galaviz, a staff toxicologist with the California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment. They said this is especially important for marginalized communities like San Ysidro.
Both Luis Olmedo, of Imperial Valley's CCV, and David Flores, of San Ysidro's Casa Familiar, were not worried about federal disinterest in climate justice. Their organizations are community-driven and sustained. And Flores is confident in the continued support of the state. “I think the state of California will continue to lead efforts of environment,” they said.
They hoped the results from the current study would qualify San Ysidro as an impacted community, opening the door for greenhouse gas reduction program funding from the state's cap-and-trade proceeds. This would allow the community to take the next step, from monitoring pollution, to investing in sustainable housing and transportation to cut it back.
Scientists Race for AI Holy Grail: Reading Human Minds
In "Black Mirror," a Netflix series about a futuristic world moved by high-tech, scientists have found a way to peer inside human minds -- to surveil their thoughts to separate truth from lies.
Well move over, TV watchers.
This scenario is now a case of fiction finding reality.
Real-life scientists are engaged in constructing some artificial intelligence algorithms that can pretty much do just that -- see into a person's mind and determine what's being thought.
What's more, they're making gains.
In January, Venture Beat blared this headline: "Black Mirror's mind-reading tech could be here sooner than you think."
The headline came after four Japanese researchers -- Guohua Shen, Tomoyasu Horikawa, Kei Majima and Yukiyasu Kamitani -- released on the scientific peer platform BioRxiv a report about how they used artificial intelligence to decode test subjects' thoughts.
They called their process "deep image reconstruction," which is really quite different from most of the previous science-based, mind-reading approaches that have used MRI scans to record brain activity and piece together the pixels in image with various, albeit tepid, results.
As CNBC put it: "Machine learning has previously been used to study brain scans ... and generate visualizations of what a person is thinking when referring to simple, binary images like black and white letters or simple geographic shapes."
But these Japanese researchers have gone beyond. They've tapped into AI to decode images with colors and shapes and objects -- complexities of the imagination.
Not all are the reviews are glowing.
Next Shark, the so-dubbed "Voice of Global Asians," reacted with this rather bleak headline: "Japanese Scientists Just Used AI to Read Minds and We Are Scared AF."
Should we be? Should we be scared as freak about mind-reading technology?
After all, this is just media hyperbole aimed at selling news, right?
Well, yes and no. It's not as if scientists have developed some sort of magic elixir or precise formula to peer into minds and know, a la telepathy, exactly what's going on in there.
But they did take some rather startling steps toward that goal. Moreover, they show no signs of quitting until mind-reading becomes a reality. Bluntly put: They'd really like to achieve that goal.
Mary Lou Jepsen, a former Google and Facebook official who left to start their own company, has vowed to develop a technology hat that will make telepathy possible -- all within the next few years.
Researchers tied to Harvard University have been busy for years trying to develop technology that transmits information from one person's brain to another, over distances of thousands of miles. Heads up: They've touted success in one test between individuals located in India and France.
"We are using technology to interact electromagnetically with the brain," physicist Giulio Ruffini said to AFP, during a breakthrough moment way back in 2014.
Entrepreneur and Kernel CEO Bryan Johnson, meanwhile, has been pushing their team of neuroscientists and engineers to develop a computer chip with downloadable abilities that can be implanted into a person's brain.
The possibilities for societal benefit are certainly enticing. For instance, how about a brain chip that can read a comatose patient's thoughts and imagery, allowing doctors and medical professionals to prescribe treatment accordingly? Or a telepathic hat that can translate over long distances and locate for police, say, a missing or abducted child? An Alzheimer's patient, perhaps?
Still, the imaginations of one's own mind, in this day and age of growing surveillance and ever-increasing data collection, may very well be the final frontier for individual privacies.
Take that away, and not only will we have a society with the capability to see all the videotaped actions of its citizens -- not only will we have a society with ability to track, record and read all the social media postings of its people, and tap into all the smart phone conversations of its residents. But we'll also have a society where keeping one's mouth shut may not even matter because thoughts will be public, available for anyone with the right computer software, or the latest commercially sold technology product, to see or hear.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's Concept.
Agents are seeing healthy interest in the Gympie real estate market.
Agents are seeing healthy interest in the Gympie real estate market. Greg Miller
By Suni Golightly
UNITS continue to be a strong performer for the Gympie region with new Real Estate Institute of Queensland sales data showing a 32.1% increase on prices from five years ago.
The annual median sale price of $257,500 is up just 1.0% on last quarter's figures, which at the time were the strongest seen in recent years.
The data on houses show a quarterly median sale of $283,250, up 2.3% on last quarter, up 2.6% on last year, and up just 8.6% on five years previous.
The rural market, which has in recent months seen a strong increase, is down with the median quarterly sale price of $321,250 down 10.8% from last quarter.
The annual median of $350,000 is 1.4% down on last year, and up just 11.1% on five years ago.
Billy Mitchell, principal and marketing agent at Century 21 Platinum Agents Gympie & Tin Can Bay, said their office had seen good activity in recent months and they expected that to continue.
"I think the figures in the report are an accurate reflection of what is happening in the market," Mr Mitchell said.
"There is good activity and interest and I see no reason why that won't continue. I'm very positive about the next few months."
Tom Grady of Tom Grady Real Estate, agrees.
"Generally speaking the real estate market here in Gympie doesn't fluctuate like it does in other places," Mr Grady said.
"In the last 18 months we have seen a slight increase. It's a stable market.
"The interest from outside buyers is fairly constant. We are less than two hours from Brisbane, and we offer good affordability, and the roads are getting better and better, so outside buyers see Gympie as a fairly attractive proposition.
"When an outside buyer comes in and buys a new property, we then generally have the local who sold them that home looking to purchase, so it has a flow-on effect."
Suburbs to watch:
GYMPIE
Size: About 15sq km.
Predominant age group: 0-14 years.
Households: Primarily couples with children.
Likely mortgage repayments: $1000-1400 a month.
Ownership: 57.3% of homes owner-occupied.
CHATSWORTH
Size: About 31sq km.
Predominant age group: 0-14 years.
Households: Primarily couples with children.
Likely mortgage repayments: $1800-2400 a month.
Ownership: 82% of homes owner-occupied.
TIN CAN BAY
Size: About 132sq km.
Predominant age group: 55-64 years.
Households: Primarily childless couples.
Likely mortgage repayments: $1400-1800 a month.
Ownership: 59.6% of homes owner-occupied.
SOUTHSIDE
Size: About 19sq km.
Predominant age group: 0-14 years.
Households: Primarily couples with children.
Likely mortgage repayments: $1800-2400 a month.
Ownership: 67.6% of homes owner-occupied.
Source: CoreLogic RP Data
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
An Ohio drug dealer who sold heroin laced with elephant tranquilizer at a West Virginia housing project was hit Monday with some heavy arithmetic — more than 18 years in prison for causing 28 drug overdoses during a six hour time period.
Bruce "Benz" Griggs was slapped with the stiff sentence in Huntington, West Virginia federal court by U.S. District Judge Robert Chambers after pleading guilty in January to distribution of a quantity of heroin, according to a release from federal prosecutors.
Bruce Griggs, 22, of Akron, exits a federal courthouse in Huntington, W. Va.on April 17, 2017, after being sentenced to more than 18 years in prison for causing overdoses on Aug. 16, 2016. Courtney Hessler / The Herald-Dispatch via AP
Griggs, 22, was caught on video selling the heroin at the Marcum Terrace development in Huntington on Aug. 15 that sparked a spate of overdoses.
Nobody died, but police later determined that the heroin had been laced with fentanyl, the powerful painkiller that killed Prince, and carfentanil, which is a sedative used to calm elephants that is 100 times more potent than fentanyl.
Griggs, who is from Akron, was arrested a week later after they were reportedly identified by several of the victims.
Their lawyer, Carl Hostler, insisted Griggs was an "inexperienced" drug dealer who had no idea they were peddling juiced heroin.
"He never had any intention of putting anyone in the hospital," Hostler said in a sentencing memorandum obtained by the Charleston Gazette-Mail. "Multiple hospitalizations make this a serious offense. It can be partially explained by lack of knowledge and the fact that Mr. Griggs was just a pawn in a bigger scheme."
In court, Griggs apologized to Huntington residents for their crimes. But Chambers told Griggs they were lucky nobody was killed and credited the Huntington Police Department and first responders with saving 28 lives.
Mobile phones are vital to business across Suffolk - and today we launch a hard-hitting campaign to get better signal coverage across the county.
In partnership with Suffolk Chamber of Commerce, the Bury Free Press is calling on mobile operators to eradicate those annoying spots where coverage is patchy - we are calling it our No More Not-Spots Campaign.
And we need YOUR help to support business - and households - who are suffering with poor signal. We will be asking you to register all areas where mobile signal is at best poor, or at worse, non-existent.
Haverhill-based business person and immediate past president of Suffolk Chamber of Commerce, Sarah Howard MBE, is backing the campaign.
Mrs Howard made history by becoming the first Suffolk person to be named vice-president of the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC).
They said: “The BCC is increasing its focus on the less-than-adequate provision of 3G and 4G mobile coverage. Poor and intermittent mobile coverage is an aggravating drag factor on many businesses across the country, resulting in delays and lost opportunities.
“The aim of the No More Not-Spots campaign is straightforward: by 2020 UK phone users will no longer experience not-spots for voice coverage in locations used for home, work, travel or play.
“The achievement of such an aim will, of course, not be so straightforward. We know that good campaigning requires both sound evidence and data and a collaborative approach to persuading the mobile network operators themselves to work more closely with businesses to extend their coverage.
“The No More Not-Spots campaign will raise awareness of the issue among businesses and residents alike and will encourage them to report not-spots to their operators. It is vital that people submit their own experience of not-spots in order for us to make the best case possible for improved coverage in each affected area.
“Our campaign will also involve us engaging with the mobile network operators to encourage them to develop clear publicly available plans to extend the coverage of their services,” added Mrs Howard.
In future weeks, we will be highlighting the value of the campaign, more people supporting it and focusing on some businesses who are suffering at the hands of poor mobile coverage. John Dugmore, Suffolk Chamber of Commerce's chief executive, will put the case for better coverage next week.
Please get involved with the campaign, initially by sharing your issues via Twitter, using the hashtag #shareyournotspots Please also use the chamber identifier @suffolkchamber and our own @buryfree to spread the message.
Bury Free Press editor Barry Peters said: “Mobile phones and good coverage go hand-in-hand and are no longer a luxury - they are a real necessity for business and an important tool as Suffolk strives to maintain its reputation for being a business powerhouse.
“The success of the No More Not-Spots campaign is vital for the wealth and vibrancy of our county and the mobile phone companies need to up their game so that good coverage becomes the accepted norm.”
As the gripping relationship saga concludes, the show's creator looks tentatively ahead to ANOTHER run
**WARNING: spoilers if you haven't seen Doctor Foster series 2 episode 5**
Advertisement
Doctor Foster series two ended with Gemma and Simon's son going missing after an eventful episode where Bertie Carvel's wayward spouse was saved from suicide and the divorced couple continued to be at each other's throats.
But where does that leave a possible series three?
With the action concluding as Suranne Jones' Gemma broke the fourth wall and told their missing son Tom that they would always be welcome back, surely a third run involving a hunt for Tom is on the cards?
And what about more on Gemma and Simon's toxic relationship? Will Simon attempt to get back their wife Kate and baby daughter Amelie?
Well, there's only one person who knows and that's writer Mike Bartlett, who spoke exclusively to RadioTimes.com.
“You can see the ending,” says Bartlett. “Tom's gone. So there's a question mark. In a way that is a question mark at the end. And I think it works as an end to this series and all the things that have been going on. Clearly there's potential there. But obviously there would have to be lots of conversations.
“We need to talk – Suranne and I and lots of other people need to have lots of conversations and we'll see.”
Sounds promising.
But Bartlett is also a writer who is keen to stay in the present. They say they originally had a different ending, only formulating the disappearance of Tom as they were writing it.
“The ending of the show unfolded as I was writing it,” they reveal.
“In the plan he's in the car at the end. They go back to their house and get a new kitchen and try to build a life. It was only when I went to write it that they go back to the car and he's not there. But that happened very organically from what they have been through I think.
“I was so involved in Gemma and Simon's story, that's all I was thinking about when writing it. It sounds mad, this. But they come out of the hotel and he's not there. That's the moment you look for as a writer, when the characters start telling you what they are doing rather than you telling them.”
What did you think of that Doctor Foster ending? Have your say right here
They add: “I think it's important with this show that you stay in the present. It's not a show where you are seeding lots of things for some future thing. And that's never been the point of it. Part of the reason I don't massively do a big masterplan for it is that no one in the show has that. And it's all about the present moment and what it feels like to go through this.
Advertisement
“No one's in control of things particularly in series two. There's no big plan, it's spiralling and they're trying to keep control of it and that's part of the energy of the show.”
The two women reportedly carry genes that cause a condition called MERRF syndrome -- a rare disorder affecting the muscles and nervous system that can result in recurrent seizures, movement issues and dementia. The genes that cause the syndrome are transferred to offspring through a mother's mitochondrial DNA, and that's where mitochondrial replacement therapy comes in. To remove the risk of MERRF, doctors use the father's sperm to fertilize an egg from both the mother and a donor who doesn't carry the genes. Then, the nucleus, which carries most of our genetic material, is removed from the donor egg and replaced with the nucleus from the mother's egg. This way, the mitochondria with the tainted genes are left behind in the mother's egg, which won't be used. All of the genes that determine what we look like are provided by the mother and father, while healthy mitochondria, which contain only 0.2 percent of our genes, are provided by the donor. The result is an embryo with three people's genetic material.
In 2016, a baby was born from a similar technique. It differed in that it swapped the mother and donor nuclei before the eggs were fertilized rather than after, because the parents objected to wasting an embryo due to religious regions. But it was successful. It was done in Mexico since the US, where the doctor who performed the treatment was based, doesn't allow the procedure. A similar technique called cytoplasmic transfer also results in three-parent children and it has been performed dozens of times around the world. Instead of swapping nuclei, mitochondria from a donor is injected into a mother's egg. It was pioneered in the 1990s by US embryologist Jacques Cohen, but the US Food and Drug Administration halted use of the procedure due to safety concerns. While it's unclear if it was a result of the treatment, a small number of fetuses and children born through cytoplasmic transfer developed genetic and developmental disorders.
Mitochondrial diseases aren't curable and many are very hard to treat, so treatments like mitochondrial replacement therapy stand to help a lot of people and save lives. "It is absolutely fantastic that we have got to this point in such a well-regulated and controlled way," Sian Harding, director of the British Heart Foundation Imperial Cardiac Regenerative Medicine Centre in London, told the Guardian. "It is going to be so important now to follow up and understand whether this is successful and how we can take it forward. If you don't follow up the children, we just won't know whether this is the right thing to do."
“You should not become hysteric and afraid of your kitchen sponge now,” said Dr. Egert in our original interview. Even sterile environments can make a person ill, they added. “But if you're already ill or have ill people at home, you should be more careful.”
And that brings us to talking about risk, which the study was not designed to assess.
Kitchens are hot spots for cross-contamination, and immune systems differ. You could just as easily contract an illness from poorly prepared food or your cellphone as you could from a dirty sponge, many experts say. And two bodies' responses to the same pathogen can differ, just like a pothole might damage one car but not another, said Kevin Sauer of Kansas State University, who has studied cross-contamination in the kitchen.
But if you're still worried, here are three tips from Solveig Langsrud, a microbiologist at Nofima, an applied research institution in Norway, who has examined how different hygiene procedures can reduce bacterial contamination in kitchens.
Don't feed your sponge with dangerous bacteria
Don't use your sponge to scrub off chunky food debris or wipe up fresh meat juices, dirt from fruits and veggies, unpasteurized milk stuff, vomit or your pet's droppings. Just use a paper towel, cleanser or running water. Keep sick people away from food preparation areas. (And for those who asked, a vegan kitchen full of raw vegetables is not immune.)
To avoid cross-contamination, wash your hands (properly) and give different sponges their own jobs — like cleaning only your counter, floor or dishes. A proper handwashing means removing jewelry and using soapy water for 20 seconds before drying with a clean towel, said Argyris Magoulas, an information specialist at the Office of Public Affairs and Consumer Education at the U.S.D.A. Food Safety and Inspection Service.
Keep your sponge clean
Dr. Langsrud says that you should wash your sponge after each use, which doesn't quite jibe with Dr. Egert's study. But Dr. Egert doesn't think their donors gave their sponges a correct washing. With some effort, you can disinfect your sponges and get rid of most of their bacteria, although this may not be practical for many of us.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In a 2008 study, Manan Sharma, a microbiologist who studies foodborne pathogens with the U.S.D.A., and their colleagues soaked sponges in ground beef at room temperature for two days to get them extra bacteria-y and then compared common cleaning methods. They found that microwaving and running them through the dishwasher were the most effective killers of some bacteria, mold and yeast.
But there were caveats: A synthetic, metallic or dry sponge can catch fire in the microwave. Microwaves and dishwasher models can vary — you must watch temperatures. Too little heat, time or steam can put your sponge in what Mr. Magoulas calls “the danger zone,” a place where bacteria proliferate. Also make sure your sponge is wet — the steam kills many microbes, experts say.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Langsrud says drying is also is “a simple, cheap, environmentally friendly and effective way to keep bacterial numbers down.” That's because moisture-loving bacteria can't multiply on a dry sponge — for the most part — which brings us to Dr. Langsrud's final piece of advice and our original conundrum.
Don't be too attached to your sponge
Even with prevention, washing and drying, some bacteria that live in kitchens can accumulate in the sponge, Dr. Langsrud said. “These bacteria are tolerable to drying and protect themselves in food debris and a self-produced slime,” they said. “They will be impossible to fight.”
They agree with Dr. Egert: Dispose of sponges at least once a week, or when they smell bad. And if someone is sick in your house, like with cancer, they say to throw away sponges daily. Reuse disinfected sponges in less hygiene-sensitive spots if you must.
This all may make you wonder if you even need a sponge, if some are better than others and if alternatives exist.
Plenty of companies offer solutions — like bacteria-killing baths for sponges, water-repellent surfaces or antimicrobial materials. But without peer-reviewed scientific studies, it's difficult to evaluate their effectiveness. Also, consider instead brushes, paper towels and washcloths (which are washed more often and used in restaurants).
“Tools that soak less water, dry faster, have smaller inner surfaces might indeed be better for regular cleaning,” Dr. Egert wrote in a follow-up email.
Dr. Sauer says the problem with sponges is that they're easy to ignore. They inhabit the sink. They stay wet. They get nasty. But can you really blame them? “A lot of us have been brought up to grab that sponge because it takes care of the surface, cleaning what we see,” they said. “I don't think sponges are the enemy, but they provide a great medium to grow bacteria.”
Police have today issued CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with arson.
It took place at 3.40am on Tuesday February 13 at Poppyfields Caravan Park on Thetford Road, Santon Downham, when about three square metres decking at a mobile caravan was set alight by a man carrying a plastic builder's bucket before they fled the scene.
CCTV pictures of a man police want to question about arson at Poppyfields Caravan Park, Santon Downham.
Police are keen to speak to a man in connection with the incident.  They are described as white and wearing light coloured hooded jacket and light coloured trousers and dark coloured boots.
Anyone who believes they know the identity of the man, or has any information about the incident, should call Mildenhall police on 101 quoting 37/9278/18, or contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The Securities and Exchange Commission has slapped a "massive fraud" charge on two executives at Theranos, the Silicon Valley blood-testing startup that was once valued at $9 billion and promised to revolutionize the health care industry.
SEC officials said Wednesday that the company's founder, Elizabeth Holmes, and its president, Ramesh "Sunny" Balwani, raised more than $700 million from investors "through an elaborate, yearslong fraud in which they exaggerated or made false statements about the company's technology, business and financial performance."
Elizabeth Holmes, founder and CEO of Theranos, speaks at the Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco on Nov. 2, 2015. Jeff Chiu / AP file
The tech wunderkind had promoted a new device that would run a battery of standard blood tests on a machine about the size of an office printer using only a single drop of blood. The promise was that it would simplify blood tests and return results within minutes instead of days.
Related: How $9 billion start-up Theranos blew up
The only problem was the product never lived up to the hype.
"At all times, however, Holmes, Balwani and Theranos were aware that, in its clinical laboratory, Theranos' proprietary analyzer performed only approximately 12 tests of the over 200 tests on Theranos' published patient testing menu," according to the complaint, "and Theranos used third-party commercially available analyzers, some of which Theranos had modified to analyze fingerstick samples, to process the remainder of its patient tests."
Theranos and Holmes have already agreed to settle. As part of the terms they agreed to give up majority voting control and reduce the size of their equity.
The company's independent directors said in a statement, “The company is pleased to be bringing this matter to a close and looks forward to advancing its technology.”
Founded by Holmes when they were just 19, Theranos — an abbreviation of "therapy" and "diagnosis" — quickly became a Silicon Valley darling and made its glamorous CEO into the world's youngest self-made female billionaire. But after an investigation by The Wall Street Journal uncovered regulatory issues and company labs failed FDA inspections, Walgreens walked away from a lucrative nationwide partnership and investors quickly turned their back on the healthcare "disruptor."
The orbits of all seven Earth-size planets in the TRAPPIST-1 system are now known.
Astronomers have nailed down the path of TRAPPIST-1h, the outermost planet in the system, finding that this world takes just under 19 Earth days to complete one lap around its small, faint host star.
The new result suggests that TRAPPIST-1h is too cold to host life as we know it, and it confirms that all seven TRAPPIST-1 worlds circle their star in a sort of gravitational lockstep with one another, study team members said.
Related: Exoplanet Tour: Meet the 7 Earth-Size Planets of TRAPPIST-1
"It's incredibly exciting that we're learning more about this planetary system elsewhere, especially about planet h, which we barely had information on until now," Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator of NASA's Science Mission Directorate at the agency's headquarters in Washington, D.C., said in a statement.
The orbits of the seven planets around the star Trappist-1. The grey region is the zone, where liquid water could exist on the surface of the planets. On planet Trappist-1h liquid water is possible under a thick layer of ice. (1 AU is the distance between the Sun and the Earth.) A. Triaud
"This finding is a great example of how the scientific community is unleashing the power of complementary data from our different missions to make such fascinating discoveries," Zurbuchen added.
TRAPPIST-1 is a dim, dwarf star just 8 percent as massive as the sun that lies about 40 light-years from Earth. In May 2016, astronomers using the TRAPPIST (Transiting Planets and Planetesimals Small Telescope) instrument in Chile announced the discovery of three roughly Earth-size planets in the system. That number jumped to seven with further observation by NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, TRAPPIST and other ground-based telescopes.
Related: Search for Extraterrestrial Life Gets Help From Powerful New Tools
Three of these seven worlds appear to orbit in TRAPPIST-1's "habitable zone," meaning they might be able to host liquid water, and therefore life as we know it, on their surfaces.
Despite such work, astronomers had not been able to pin down the path of TRAPPIST-1h. But they had noticed that the six other planets in the system are in "orbital resonance." That is, the worlds have tugged each other into stable orbits whose periods are related to each other by a ratio of two small integers.
This illustration shows an artist view of the seven Trappist-1 planets NASA/JPL-Caltech
Similarly, the Jupiter moons Io, Europa and Ganymede are in orbital resonance: For every lap Ganymede completes around Jupiter, Europa makes two orbits and Io completes four. The TRAPPIST-1 resonances are much more complex, but they adhere to the same principle.
The six planets' relationships with each other led the research team to propose six possible resonant orbits for TRAPPIST-1h. Various observations ruled out five of the six, but the sixth was confirmed with observations made by NASA's Kepler space telescope from December 2016 through March of this year, the scientists announced in the new study, which was published Monday (May 22) in the journal Nature Astronomy.
"The resonant structure is no coincidence and points to an interesting dynamical history in which the planets likely migrated inward in lockstep," lead author Rodrigo Luger, a doctoral student at the University of Washington in Seattle, said in the same statement. "This makes the system a great test bed for planet-formation and -migration theories."
Related: Mysterious 'Alien Megastructure' Star Is at It Again
TRAPPIST-1 holds the record for most planets found in orbital resonance. Second place is a tie between the exoplanetary systems Kepler-80 and Kepler-223, each of which is known to harbor four resonant worlds.
TRAPPIST-1h receives about the same amount of energy from its star as the dwarf planet Ceres, the largest object in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, gets from Earth's sun, NASA officials said. So TRAPPIST-1h is most likely a frigid world unable to host Earth-like life, they added.
But that may not always have been the case. The star TRAPPIST-1 is thought to be between 3 billion and 8 billion years old. It was likely much brighter in its youth, perhaps bright enough to make TRAPPIST-1 habitable for several hundred million years in the ancient past, Luger said.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Authorities have arrested a New Jersey man in the death of Cody MacPherson, a missing 20-year-old whose remains were found in a wildlife area in March.
Cody MacPherson April Berry
According to a Monday Facebook post by the New Jersey State Police, on March 19, the New Jersey Fire Service was preparing part of the Colliers Mills Wildlife Management Area for a controlled burn when the team “observed human remains under logs close to the area of the burn.” After seeing what was believed to be a human skull, the controlled burn was cancelled to preserve the evidence.
Following an autopsy the next day, forensic pathologists determined the cause of death to be a stab wound to the left abdomen. The manner of death was deemed to be homicide.
Almost one month later on April 17, results from the NJSP Laboratory positively identified the remains by DNA analysis as belonging to Cody.
Through the subsequent investigation, authorities allege that in the early morning hours of September 24, 2017 – roughly 24 hours after Cody was last seen -- Alan McGinnis of Pemberton, NJ stabbed MacPherson multiple times at a Pemberton, New Jersey residence.
“McGinnis then used a vehicle available at the residence to transport the victim in the trunk to the Colliers Mills Wildlife Management Area on South Stump Tavern Road in Jackson. McGinnis later traveled back to Pemberton where the scene was cleaned of visible blood and other evidence of the murder,” the announcement from the New Jersey State Police said. “The suspect also destroyed evidence associated with the crime.”
On April 21, 2018, McGinnis was charged by the New Jersey State Police with murder, kidnapping, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose, unlawful possession of a weapon, improper disposal of human remains and destruction of evidence.
Alan McGinnis New Jersey State Police
The announcement did not indicate a motive or what the possible connection between Cody and McGinnis might have been.
Cody was last seen in Browns Mills, New Jersey, a town neighboring Pemberton, where their remains were found. Family reported them missing after they didn't come home from a friend's house.
Shortly after their disappearance, Cody's mom April Berry told Dateline they had a gut feeling that something bad had happened to them son.
“Cody would've at least reached out to somebody by now. They would've called and said, ‘Mama, I'm fine,'” April told Dateline in October. “All their clothes are here. Their medical paperwork, their high school diploma, their pictures of their daughter…. They wouldn't leave that behind.”
Following McGinnis's arrest, Cody's brother Daniel Robert MacPherson acknowledged the discovery of their brother's remains and the arrest of the alleged killer.
“On behalf of the family we want to thank everybody for their efforts, time and evergy to help look for cody and get info as the case went on,” the post read. “This is very hard for the family and I… Keep your family close everybody. Talk to a family member you haven't talked to in awhile and tell them you love them.”
Daniel also wrote parting words to their late brother: “I love you more than you could possibly know. I cherish every memory. And will always forever.”
Cody's mom April also posted on Facebook that day, saying, “Dont mourn him, celebrate him. They touched so many lives. We all have a piece of him, in our soul.”
27-year-old Alan McGinnis is currently being held in the Ocean County Jail in New Jersey. Anyone with information should contact Detective Brant Uricks of the Ocean County Prosecutor's Office Major Crime Homicide Unit at (732) 929-2027, Detective Shaun Clark of the New Jersey State Police Homicide Unit, Detective Brian Miller of the Burlington County Prosecutor's Office Major Crime Homicide Unit, Detective Jason Luis of the Pemberton Police Department, or Detective Scott Conover of the Jackson Township Police Department.
Cody MacPherson was originally featured in Dateline's Missing in America series.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833236","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833236","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833236","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833236","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Georgia Murray, Ashley Prosser and Paige Fallu will star in the Moreton Bay Theatre Company production of The Heathers - which is coming to Gympie.
Georgia Murray, Ashley Prosser and Paige Fallu will star in the Moreton Bay Theatre Company production of The Heathers - which is coming to Gympie. Tim Miller
NEW kid on the block, Moreton Bay Theatre Company, will be hitting town with a bang when they bring Heathers the Musical to the Heritage Theatre in Gympie on June 15 and 16.
An off-Broadway musical spin-off of the 80s cult classic movie The Heathers, the show is a darkly delicious twist on the teen high school genre.
High School Musical it is not.
The Heathers are coming to Gympie. The Moreton Bay Theatre Company will bring a musical version of the cult '80s classic to Gympie next month. Owner
Westerburg High School, Sherwood, Ohio, an unremarkable location, is ruled by a trio of perfectly made up, shoulder pad wearing girls who all happen to be called Heather.
Pretty but awkward Veronica Sawyer longs to be part of their clique but what must they do to enter their golden circle and who is the mysterious new guy who is so interested in her?
Addressing issues that are still very topical including bullying, marginalisation, sex, drugs and teenage suicide, the musical is still highly entertaining with some high energy 'big' numbers as well as poignant tear-jerkers.
The Heathers are coming to Gympie. The Moreton Bay Theatre Company will bring a musical version of the cult '80s classic to Gympie next month. Tim Miller
"It may be a tale bursting at the seams with 'stock' characters; jerk-off jocks, cheerless cheerleaders, geeks, stoners and of course the fat girl but they all have 'damage'. So the actors needed to find their damage, create their backstories and channel these into their character. It is a dark story without a happy ending and that makes it all the more real and still relevant in today's materialistic and often superficial world,” director Angela Witcher said.
Bookings can be made through www.gympieboxoffice.com.au
Narwhals are sometimes known as the "unicorns" of the ocean because of the long "tusks" that protrude from the animals' heads, but scientists have long been stumped about the function of this mysterious appendage — until now.
Drone footage of wild narwhals has revealed that the whales use their tusks to hunt fish. The tusk is actually a tooth that spirals out of the upper jaw on male narwhals, and can extend to about 10 feet (3 meters) long, according to the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Canada. While scientists think the tusk's primary function relates to selecting a mate, these new observations show narwhals have another use for the tusks.
Researchers from WWF-Canada worked with a team of scientists from multiple organizations to capture this first-of-its kind footage, which was part of a pilot project to use unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs or drones) to study narwhal behavior in Tremblay Sound in Nunavut, Canada.
Related: Whale Album: Giants of the Deep
The drone-enabled observations provide the first conclusive scientific evidence of the narwhal using its tusk, WWF-Canada officials said in a statement.
"This footage, while also stunning to watch, will play a significant role in the future of narwhal conservation," David Miller, president and CEO of WWF-Canada, said in the statement. "As the Arctic warms and development pressure increases, it will be important to understand how narwhal are using their habitat during their annual migration. With this information in hand, we can work to minimize the effects of human activities on narwhal."
Previous research on the narwhal tusk found that the animals also use this tooth to help "see" via echolocation. Without a hard enamel to protect it, the tooth is highly sensitive and gives narwhals "an evolutionary advantage" over other echolocating species, scientists reported in a 2016 study published in the journal PLOS One.
Related: These Brain-Boosting Devices Could Give Us Super-Intelligence
Though scientific research on the whale has advanced, and there is a wealth of traditional Inuit knowledge about the species, the narwhal is still difficult to study, because the animals live in a challenging environment, said Nigel Hussey, a researcher at the University of Windsor in Canada. Drones could help with this, added Hussey, who was involved in the recent observations.
"These data prove the value of direct observation to understand animal behavior and ecology, but also highlight the important role of technology in modern science," Hussey said. "Uniting observations of animal behavior from traditional knowledge, unmanned vehicles and statistical modeling of tracking data now provide a comprehensive toolbox to better manage these iconic aquatic species."
Original article on Live Science.
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
But I'm so frustrated with these small cost-of-living raises I'm getting from my current employer. … How can I negotiate for a big raise in my current position?
Newsflash: A company is not going to just give you more money because you want it, O'Donnell says. You need to sit down with your boss and say, “I want to earn more. What problems do I need to solve? What skills do I need to increase?” Don't go in and say, “I deserve more money.” (Although if you feel you're underpaid for the market, do your homework with the Bureau of Labor Statistics, and come to any discussions with details on the average rate for your position.)
Overall, it's up to you to push harder for promotions and raises inside your company, Chopra says. “Do a great job, and when you've reached certain milestones, go to your boss and say, ‘I'd like to discuss whether we can pump up my pay.'” Do this during appropriate intervals throughout the year — no need to wait for an annual review.
If you're thinking of going in with a counteroffer from another company in the hopes that a fear of losing you will convince your employer to pay you more, beware: They may not take kindly to what can be perceived as “strong-arming,” O'Donnell says.
“They may think they have a great partnership with you, and when you do this, they're going to know that you're looking around. I've seen people do this for years, and in my experience they are out the door within a year after playing this card. The trust is gone.”
If I have job-hopped, how do I explain it to hiring managers?
If you walk in and say that you got bored and switched jobs, that's going to be a hard sell, Chopra cautions.
It all comes down to how well you can explain yourself. You need to say that you've been on a journey with purpose, in pursuit of a bigger goal, says O'Donnell.
“It has to roll off your tongue with confidence,” they say. “If you are at all hesitant about owning everything on your resume and detailing why your experiences were positive, that's going to come across in your answers.”
If your resume reflects more than two short stints, try to find someone inside the company where you're applying who is willing to walk your resume down the hall and give you a personal recommendation. “They can vouch for you and say, ‘Overlook the fact that they have jumped, I know they can do this job and they plan to stick around.'”
Pro tip: Writing a killer cover letter can help get your resume seen, even by the most scrutinizing hiring managers.
At a certain point, it's OK to move on. It's definitely time if …
If you work in a company with a toxic culture where your boss is insulting or where people often take credit for your work, it may be time to move on, says Dan Schawbel, author of “Back to Human.” Another big red flag is if your company is consistently hiring from the outside rather than promoting from within.
Over the last decade, the covenant between employer and employee has profoundly changed, says Don Asher, author of “Who Gets Promoted, Who Doesn't, and Why.” “You don't owe them anything more than a day's work for a day's pay,” Asher says. “There is a term for people who give loyalty when they aren't getting any, and that term is a fool. People need to be smart. Your career is on you. You have to develop yourself however you think best, even if frequent job changes are part of that process.”
With Kathryn Tuggle
GET MORE CAREER ADVICE
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
WHISTLER, B.C. — RCMP say human remains linked to a missing Australian woman have been found near the resort town of Whistler, B.C.
Police say in a news release that Alison Raspa was reported missing last November.
Visitors to Alpha Lake Park called police on Friday to say they'd found what appeared to be human remains in the partially frozen lake.
Mounties say the cause of death has not been confirmed, but it does not appear suspicious.
Raspa's family has been notified in Australia.
The RCMP and the coroners service are investigating in an effort to determine the cause of death involving the woman who was last seen leaving a bar.
As if a giant ran a finger in a swirling manner through an icy sandbox, meltwater channels have carved out aqua-colored squiggly lines in an Arctic glacier.
And a NASA scientist has captured the ice art in a gorgeous image showing part of the DeVries Glacier. The aerial photo was taken March 29, 2017, during NASA's Operation IceBridge mission, now in its ninth year.
The mission, which began operating in 2009, is the largest airborne survey of both of Earth's poles, providing a yearly window into ice changes occurring in Antarctica and Greenland. [Images: Greenland's Gorgeous Glaciers]
While flying over Ellesmere Island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, aboard the P-3 Orion research aircraft, Jeremy Harbeck, a sea ice scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, snapped the image with a handheld digital camera.
Another image of the glacier was captured during the flight by a high-resolution camera called the Digital Mapping System attached to the belly of the research plane. That camera snaps overlapping images of the sights, pointed straight down, throughout a flight. "The images provide a visual reference to help researchers better understand the data collected by other instruments," according to NASA's Earth Observatory, which released the images this week.
Sinuous melt channels are visible in this image of part of DeVries Glacier in the Canadian Arctic. The Digital Mapping System aboard the P-3 Orion research plane captured this image on March 29, 2017. NASA/Dennis Gearhart More
Channels that drain meltwater from a glacier can be seen in the images, though no actual water appears to be present.
"This is likely a meltwater channel left over from last year's melt, and is simply not covered in snow," Harbeck said, referring to the channels seen in the image that they snapped with their handheld camera, as reported by the Earth Observatory.
Compared with other exposed meltwater channels that Harbeck had seen during the previous survey of DeVries and other glaciers on Ellesmere, they said, "This one was the most sinuous I could remember."
This Canadian Arctic spit of land is a wonderland of sorts for curious scientists: Ellesmere Island is home to the northernmost perennial spring, which has carved a gash into the hillside resembling the gullies seen on Mars. Speaking of Mars, bacteria found on Ellesmere thrive at some of the coldest temperatures known for bacterial growth — 5 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 15 degrees Celsius). As such, the microbes hold clues to how life might survive on some extraterrestrial-chilled places, like Mars or Saturn's moon Enceladus, the researchers of that study said previously. A mummified forest, dating back at least 2 million years, was also discovered on the island, and described by scientists in 2010 at an American Geophysical Union meeting.
This year's IceBridge survey of the Arctic began March 9 and will continue through May 12, the Earth Observatory reported.
Original article on Live Science.
Editor's Recommendations
Canadian Pacific Rail recently notified the city about the timing of the project, Schoonhoven told the city council at its Monday meeting. There are several spots where the bolts are protruding from the surface, which makes for a bumpy ride.
The work will take about a week. The railroad will do all the work with its own crew. The city is responsible for bituminous patching.
The roundabout work on County Road 46 is scheduled to be completed before the crossing work begins.
Unbuilt road vacated
In another action that wasn't reported in other council stories, the council took final action to vacate a dedicated but unbuilt public road, 42nd Ave. West, which has already been re-aligned, near the Airport Industrial Park.
The city determined there is no public use for a street there as platted.
At an idyllic scenery “hugged” by high mountain peaks emerges the community of Kritou Terra. These high peaks “embrace” the village on all sides but for the northern one from where one can enjoy the view of Chrysochous' bay.
Kritou Terra is a village of the Pafos district and it is built on an altitude of 570 metres. In the east, the village neighbours with the communities of Pano and Kato Akourdalia, in the south with the communities of Kathikas, Arodes and Droushia, whereas in the north with the communities of Terra, Choli and Skouli. The distance between Kritou Terra and the Town of Pafos is approximately 29 kilometres, whereas the climate of the area is characterized as cool during the summer months and mild during the winter months.
Roman Army Camp at Kritou Terra
As we all know from the long history of our country, many conquerors conquered it in different periods. Among these invaders were the Romans who conquered and ruled the island since 30 BC until the 4th century AD.
Kritou Terra has not been left unaffected by the Roman Empire which left its visible traces in our community, particularly in the area of St. Irene and St. Eusebius.
Thereafter and during the Byzantine era after the 5th century AD it seems that in these camp areas many churches were built, ruins of which exist up to today.
The existence of these camps continued until the 19th century AD and abandoned after natural disasters forcing people to move further south in latitude where the community is situated today.
Monuments / Ancienties
Casino
Kritou Terra is the village where the first Casino of Cyprus operated from 1878 until the beginning of the 20th century. The Casino was housed in a building that had been constructed between the years 1860 and 1870, the maintenance of which has now been undertaken by the Department of Antiquities. One is worth observing the frescos on the internal walls of the casino, such as the one which depicts the Greek Revolution hero, Athanasios Diakos, as well as a second one which depicts the well-known popular hero, Koutalianos, all inspired by history and tradition. More: Sights
Churches
Also worth visiting are the church monuments of Kritou Terra, such as the chapels of Agia Aekaterini, of Agia Paraskevi, of Prophet Elias and of Agios Efsevios, as well as the church of Panagia Chryseleousa.
Laundry
The village's laundry was a specially shaped area used for the washing of clothes. It consists of six circular cavities in a rock.
Hadjigeorgakis Cornesios' Residence
Located in Kritou Terra is the Residence of Hadjigeorgakis Cornesios, an old stony residence with light-blue wooden windows.
Carved tombs
The ancient desecrated carved tombs of Kritou Terra are located in the area of Agia Eirini and at the location “Selli”.
Watermills
Kritou Terra, having approximately 15 watermills, was the village with the second largest number of watermills after the village of Kythrea. Nowadays, only their relics are preserved and these can be found while moving north of the “Kefalovrysos” fountain and north of Rivers “Kremmiotis” and “Mylari”.
Kremiotis Waterfalls
A hidden waterfall in the village of Kritou Terra in Paphos is well worth a visit. The water here never stops flowing, creating a lush, verdant environment. It was once the site for four water mills providing the locals with water. When you get to the village follow the signs and you can park your car at the small picnic area which is near the waterfall and walk another 1,5km along a beautiful but in some points difficult trail until you get to your destination.
Courtesy of the Community Council of Kritou Terra
BERLIN (AP) — Arkady Waispapir, one of the last known survivors of the Nazis' Sobibor death camp, has died in Ukraine. They were 96.
The Berlin-based Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe said Monday that Waispapir died Jan. 11 in Kiev.
Born in southern Ukraine in 1921, Waispapir was captured by the Germans while serving in the Soviet Army. They were sent to the Sobibor camp in occupied Poland in 1943 because they were Jewish.
At Sobibor, Waispapir was ordered to a work detail, one of the few inmates spared immediate death in the camp's gas chambers.
Prisoners organized an uprising against the guards in October 1943, and succeeded in killing nearly a dozen.
Waispapir was one of the eight main organizers who used their training as soldiers to help devise the plan for the uprising. In the end, about half of the camp's 600 prisoners managed to escape, although about 100 were caught almost immediately. Of the 200 who evaded capture for longer, only 47, including Waispapir, survived World War II.
Following the uprising, the Nazi guards shot the remaining prisoners and razed the camp. Between March 1942 and October 1943, about 167,000 people were killed there, almost all of them Jews, according to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum.
Waispapier's death leaves four living survivors of Sobibor, according to Pawel Sawicki, a spokesperson for the Auschwitz memorial and museum
Waispapier lost their entire family during the Nazi occupation of Ukraine, according to the German Holocaust memorial. They married after the war and had two sons, the memorial said, without providing further details.
Waispapir lived and worked in eastern Ukraine until retiring in 1994 and moving to Kiev.
___
This story has been corrected to state that Waispapir was one of only a few remaining Sobibor survivors, not the last survivor.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
JEFFERSONVILLE, IN (WAVE) - The future of a proposed downtown school in Jeffersonville will be decided by the community.
A petition with more than 500 signatures opposing the $15-million project was turned in to the Clark County Clerk's office, bringing the final decision on the downtown school project to the community to see which side can collect the most signatures. The side with the most support will determine if a school will be built.
Many in the community and even on the Greater Clark County School Board are split on the issue.
"I think everybody deserves to have their voices heard without it being a fight," said Katie Hutchinson, a GCCS school board member. Hutchinson was the sole board member who voted against the downtown school project.
Hutchinson has said she'll respect the board's decision but stressed many of the constituents she's spoken with are against the project. Now that the signatures are in opposing the project, a petition remonstrance process will begin, allowing each side to weigh in and determine the project's future.
Superintendent Andrew Melin said they believe they have the community's support for the project, but expected this opposition.
"Disappointed," Melin said. "Not surprised."
Sides both for and against a proposed downtown elementary school will soon work to collect the most signatures to see if the school will be built. Hutchinson said many in the area don't want it.
"A majority of the people did not support the bond or the location of the school," they said. "But a lot of it is about the money."
Melin said building a new school would be less expensive than keeping what the district currently has. Both Spring Hill and Maple elementary schools cost more to run than other GCCS schools, they said, and both need renovations should the district continue to use them. Building a new school would cost taxpayers $15 million.
"Both of those buildings are in need of upgrades and those upgrades would be about $19 million," they said. "So to upgrade those two buildings would cost more than building the downtown elementary, and to keep those buildings open operationally is more expensive.
"And that's again why this is disappointing, because we feel like we really are acting in our taxpayers' best interest."
Building that new school would raise taxes an average of $23 each year. Hutchinson said the dollar amount of the increase matters but it's not the point.
"And it doesn't take into account all the other times that taxes have been raised," Hutchinson said. "And in the grand scheme of things, it's not a lot of money. But when you keep adding 'not a lot of money', it becomes a lot of money."
One group opposing the district in the project is Say No To GCCS Wasteful Spending. Alice Butler said people are not against a downtown school.
"We already have two downtown schools, and one or both could be renovated for much less money," they said. "We feel that the continuous issuance of bond after bond without another referendum is deceitful of taxpayers and disrespectful.
"(It's) time for honesty and transparency, which are both sorely lacking from this school district."
Melin said from everything he's seen, there is overwhelming community support for the new school, and they believe he'll get the signatures that prove it.
"Hopefully here in a few months, we'll be ready to move forward on building a downtown elementary," Melin said.
A timeline for when that signature collection can begin is expected to be announced by the end of the week. Once the signature collection timeline is publicized, there will be a 29-day waiting period. Once signature collection begins, each side will have 31 days to try and collect the most signatures. The side with the most signatures will win.
If the community chooses to move forward with plans for the school, classes could begin by January 2020.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — The White House is preparing to send a list of immigration proposals to Capitol Hill in the coming days, including backing for a bill that would make it easier for local police to question people they stop about their immigration status, according to four people familiar with the conversations.
One source described the package as the "wish list" of Stephen Miller, senior policy adviser to President Trump and a known immigration hardliner.
A senior administration official and three other sources familiar with the deliberations say the proposal includes part of the Davis-Oliver Act, which has been criticized by Democrats and some Republicans. The bill requires police to report to the Department of Homeland Security all identifying information on anyone they encounter who is suspected to be in the country illegally.
It's a controversial piece of a plan intended to delineate the administration's immigration priorities as Congress considers how to handle the DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) program, created by President Barack Obama to allow immigrants who were brought into the U.S. illegally as children to remain.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents during an early morning operation in Dallas. LM Otero / AP
The administration announced it would rescind the program last month, giving Congress six months to come up with a legislative solution before DACA recipients would be eligible for deportation. Some had speculated that the White House would demand that the hard-line policies be pushed through Congress before agreeing to sign a DACA bill, but the sources have suggested that will not be the case.
"At a time of so much tragedy in our country, we need President Trump to focus on real solutions, like ensuring that Congress passes the bipartisan Dream Act rather than putting forth more xenophobic proposals," said Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center. The Dream Act refers to a bill that would make the DACA program into law.
Two sources familiar with the deliberations say the White House is seeking to strengthen some of its positions on immigration ahead of the debate over DACA. But a senior administration official said the White House is not proposing that all of these priorities become law before signing onto a DACA bill, as some will be difficult to pass. "It's not a demand," the official said.
“ I don't expect what they put forth to go over very well.”
Another potentially divisive piece of the White House plan is expected to include support for the RAISE Act, which would put new limits on the number of people who can enter the United States legally through work permits. The administration is also expected to seek more funding for more immigration agents, border patrol and judges, said the four sources.
Stephen Miller is driving the deliberations, which have been underway for several weeks. Miller, who worked for Jeff Sessions when the Attorney General was a senator from Alabama, is leading negotiations with some Republican senators to move any deal to address the legal status of Dreamers to the right, one senior Republican Senate aide said. President Trump's senior policy adviser Stephen Miller
"I don't expect what they put forth to go over very well," one of the sources said.
Republicans Lay Down New Guidelines
Addressing the green card system as part of any DACA fix surfaced after President Donald Trump met with Democratic leaders. The Democrats emerged from the meeting saying a "deal" to address Dreamers was in the works. That "deal" was to address the status of Dreamers and provide some funding for border security, but not a physical border wall.
Immigrants and supporters march to oppose the President Trump order end to DACA on Sept. 5, 2017 in Los Angeles. David McNew / Getty Images
But Trump met with five Republicans over dinner on Monday night where they laid down a new set of guidelines to reset the discussions on DACA. They included border security and a DACA fix but also partially doing away with so-called chain migration that allows family members of legal immigrants to immigrate to the United States. They argued for using the RAISE Act to create a merit-based system where immigration is determined by education level and other non-familial factors.
"What we've done is try to plant a flag about what it is we would stand for what we would want," Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga., said of the meeting with Trump. "These are the pieces of the puzzle that we're trying to come together and what the president did last night is raised the priority and get us organized about what it is we're all trying to accomplish."
But the RAISE Act is controversial even among Republicans. When it was first introduced earlier this year by Perdue and Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., many Republicans dismissed it. But it's gotten a boost with the White House because of hard-line adviser Miller and the need to address Dreamers whose reprieve from deportation will expire in March.
Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., who introduced their own DACA fix that includes border security and allowing Dreamers a path to legalization, said that including a merit-based system will derail any deal on DACA.
"I doubt that you'll have enough time to do the kind of legislating or horse trading, whatever you want to call it, to deal with legal immigration. I think the most likely thing [a deal] will have is a DACA fix and some border security element," Flake said.
Miller's positions are not shared by everyone inside the White House. For example, current chief of staff John Kelly had previously served as Trump's Secretary of Homeland Security, where they acknowledged there were "push factors" such as violence and poverty driving many Central Americans to the United States. Kelly has said they met with hundreds of members of Congress to find a solution to DACA.
As a result of the differing opinions at the White House, the sources said the priorities could change before they are finally released to Capitol Hill as soon as this weekend.
The company is no stranger to successful rocket landings -- they're considered routine at this point. With Falcon Heavy, however, there are challenges SpaceX just didn't have to face before. It has to separate and land the boosters in an elegant, coordinated fashion that avoids collisions and other erratic behavior. And of course, having three rockets increases the odds of failure. SpaceX has learned many lessons since it first unveiled plans for its heavy-duty rocket back in 2011, but this is a new chapter in its story. It has yet to know how well Falcon Heavy will fly in practice, and it isn't immune to problems even with years of experience under its belt.
The tax deadline is right around the corner, and millions of Americans are in the process of filing their returns, while millions more have filed within the past couple of months. Whichever group you're in, there are scammers that would love to make you their next victim. To make sure your money goes only where it's supposed to, here's a quick guide to how tax scams work and seven signs you may be dealing with an impostor.
Continue Reading Below
IRS phone scams are not going away
In a nutshell, a phone scam involves a thief calling and pretending to be an IRS agent, in an attempt to get you to either send them money to “pay a tax bill”, or to reveal sensitive personal information, which can then be used to steal your identity.
Image source: Getty Images.
Unfortunately, not only do these scams continue to exist, but scammers are getting more sophisticated and tougher to spot. “These scammers continue to adapt and evolve, and the IRS continues to receive reports of these schemes using multiple languages trying to find victims across the country,” IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said recently.
There are too many varieties of phone tax scams to mention here, but common versions involve a supposed IRS agent claiming that you owe tax, which must be paid immediately.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Fortunately, phone scams are easy to avoid if you know what to watch for. Specifically, here are some things the IRS will and will not ever do.
The IRS will never call to demand immediate payment.
The IRS will never demand a specific payment method, such as a prepaid debit card or wire transfer.
The IRS mails a bill first before attempting to contact a taxpayer by phone.
The IRS will never threaten to immediately bring in local police or other law enforcement.
The IRS will always give you an opportunity to question or appeal the amount it claims you owe.
The IRS will never ask for credit or debit card numbers over the phone.
Email and text scams
It's also important to mention that email scams are a big problem as well, where you receive an email supposedly from an IRS agent or are directed to a website that supposedly is run by the IRS. And many of the warning signs listed above apply to emails as well — for instance, the IRS will never email you to demand immediate payment of a balance you owe.
In addition, be sure you're aware that the official IRS website is www.irs.gov and all official IRS pages begin with that prefix. Don't be fooled by variations, such as irsgov.com.
Finally, since scammers are evolving continuously, scams conducted via text message has started to make an appearance. The same cautionary rules apply as I've listed above.
Signs you could be a target
Because we know for sure what the IRS and its representatives will and will not do, here are six signs that the person you're talking with on the phone, getting texted by, or reading an email from is a scammer, and not a legitimate tax collector.
1. You're instructed to pay a balance you owe right away.
2. You're told to load money onto a prepaid debit card.
3. You never received any prior communication from the IRS through the mail.
4. You're looking at a website that doesn't begin with irs.gov that's asking you for sensitive information, or demanding that you pay taxes you owe.
5. You're expected to read your credit card number or other sensitive information over the phone.
6. You're told you have no way to challenge the amount you owe — you just have to pay it.
7. You're told the police will come arrest and/or deport you if you don't cooperate.
What to do
If you get a call, email, or text, supposedly from an IRS representative, and you notice any of these warning signs, there's a good chance you're an intended victim of a tax scam. If you suspect a scam, hang up the phone immediately, and report the scam to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, which you can do online here. You can also report it to the Federal Trade Commission.
If you think you owe tax, or even if you know for a fact that you do, it's still important to be on the lookout for scammers. If you even think the person you're talking to might be a scammer, hang up and call the actual IRS at 800-829-1040. There's no tax matter that can't wait for a few minutes, and you'll at least have the peace of mind of knowing you're talking to legitimate IRS representatives.
The $16,122 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $16,122 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
WINNIPEG — The mother of a young woman whose fatal beating was filmed and posted online recalled Tuesday the pain of seeing their daughter's bloody, swollen face on social media.
“I dream about her,” Delores Daniels, Serena McKay's mother, said as they broke into tears at a Winnipeg sentencing hearing for one of the teens who pleaded guilty in the 19-year-old's death.
“I wake up crying and sad that they are not here and wonder what they would have become in life.”
McKay's body was found on the Sagkeeng First Nation last April. Two teenage girls, who were 16 and 17, were arrested.
The older girl, who has since turned 18 but can't be named because they were underage when the beating occurred, pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in December. Them eyes were filled with tears as they were led into the courtroom in handcuffs as McKay's family and friends filled the seats.
Crown prosecutor Jennifer Comack said there were 24 victim impact statements from family and friends and more from people who didn't know McKay, including two from people outside Canada.
Judge Rocky Pollack was to decide which could be included in the court record.
McKay's mother, recalling their beautiful and kind daughter, held an eagle feather as they read their statement.
“This has been a nightmare to me,” Daniels told court. “How can an only daughter be replaced?”
Court has previously heard that McKay had been at a house party in the Sagkeeng community when there was an argument about alcohol.
Two videos, which later circulated on social media, showed McKay on the ground and crying while they were being attacked.
McKay's grandmother Gloria Lalman told court that when they learned about what had happened, their heart “felt like it had been pierced with a sharp object.”
McKay's death left a permanent void in the family, they said.
In the latest instance of a surreal sighting of Stephen Harper in civilian life, on Monday the former prime minister was spotted awaiting their order at an Ottawa McDonald's.
“Ran into Stephen Harper at McDonald's,” wrote Reddit user Pub_Raider in a Monday post accompanying the photo.
Pub_Raider added that they did not address the former Conservative leader, and that Harper may not have been aware that their photo was being taken. They also neglected to record Harper's order.
The McDonald's is located only steps from Parliament Hill on Rideau St., and seems to be the site of a viral 2014 brawl involving a raccoon.
i don't know how to describe this .gif of a mcdonald's fight on rideau street except to say that at one point, someone pulls out a raccoon pic.twitter.com/auMdeHBwQK — Alison Mah (@alisonmah) October 3, 2016
Harper nominally lives full time in Calgary, but they may have been in Ottawa as part of their new job as chair of the International Democrat Union.
It was in this capacity that, earlier this month, Harper controversially tweeted a congratulation on the reelection of Viktor Orban, the openly anti-immigrant leader of Hungary.
Congratulations to Prime Minister Viktor Orbán and Hungary's Fidesz for winning a decisive fourth term! The IDU and I are looking forward to working with you. — Stephen Harper (@stephenharper) April 9, 2018
It is relatively common for Canadians to spot their former leaders in public. A post-politics Pierre Trudeau used to walk to work at their Montreal law office, regularly stopping for lunch at a shawarma place enroute. In 2007, a Torontonian glimpsed a car crash allegedly involving former prime minister Jean Chretien.
But Harper, in particular, seems to keep getting spotted and photographed at relatively quotidian locations such as bookstores and chain restaurants. Often, he's wearing the same outfit.
On Monday, Harper appeared to be disguised in a baseball cap pulled low over their eyes. The cap, which bears the logo of the 2015 Breeders Cup horse race, has been Harper's disguise of choice since they left the prime minister's office.
Only weeks after the 2015 election, they were wearing the cap when spotted at a Las Vegas Shake Shack by Edmontonian Adam Kjenner. “I was like ‘Mr. Harper' and they said ‘oh, you recognized me,'” Kjenner told the National Post at the time.
Around the same time, Harper was also spotted at a Calgary Chapters, and out for a walk alone in their suburban Calgary neighbourhood.
“I think what was so surreal about it is that they look exactly the same as you would think they look,” children's author Shelley Arnusch said after an encounter at Chapters.
Last year, Harper was also spotted speaking to KISS frontman Gene Simmons at Toronto Pearson International Airport.
While U.S. presidents and their families are accorded Secret Service protection for life after leaving office, security protocols are much looser for Canadian leaders.
Harper lost their full-fledged RCMP protection detail soon after resigning as prime minister, although they retained VIP protection; one or two plainclothes Mounties who typically protect visiting dignitaries. Former prime ministers are then able to dismiss VIP protection whenever they feel able.
Although there appears to be a bodyguard next to Harper in the McDonald's photo, it is not known whether they are still under RCMP protection. For obvious reasons, the Mounties are quite guarded about such things.
• Twitter: TristinHopper | Email: thopper@nationalpost.com
So with the upcoming release of the NetScaler 11.1 build 51, it will now finally support Intune integration which I have been waiting on for some time now. This new feature allows for Conditional access against on-premises web applications like SharePoint and such.So for instance the integration allows NetScaler to pull compliance data from Intune, enabling conditional access policies. The conditional access policies give NetScaler Gateway to control the access based on device functionalities and so on. For example, an administrator can create a policy where only devices with “Camera” disabled are granted access.
NOTE However: Only iOS and Android clients are supported at this time, and it requires an updated VPN client.
So how does this integration work?
Read the entire article here, Microsoft Intune and Citrix NetScaler integration
via Marius Sandbu.
Over the past few years Game of Thrones has gone from cult-hit to one of the biggest shows on television, watched by millions across the globe.
Advertisement
Based on the books of George RR Martin, HBO's smash-hit fantasy TV series tells the story of warring factions in Westeros fighting for control of the coveted Iron Throne in King's Landing. But all the while “winter is coming” and north of the wall a ferocious frozen army is about to attack everything that the people of Westeros hold true. Who will win this epic battle and what will be left remains to be seen.
Starring a huge ensemble cast including Emilia Clarke, Kit Harrington, Peter Dinklage, Sophie Turner, Iain Glen, Natalie Dormer, Alfie Allen, Maisie Williams and Jerome Flynn to name but a few, the series explores politics, power and family feuds in one of the most expensive and beautifully shot series ever to arrive on TV screens.
In the UK Game of Thrones is broadcast on Sky Atlantic, and is available to download via the Sky Go service for Sky subscribers. If you don't have Sky, you can watch it on Now TV with a 14-day free trial.
Advertisement
Game of Thrones is not currently available on Netflix in the UK.
CHICAGO — Eric Thames homered in their club record-tying fifth straight game and the streaking Milwaukee Brewers turned back the Chicago Cubs 6-3 on Monday night.
Milwaukee never trailed after the Thames hit an opposite-field homer to snap a 3-3 tie in the third inning. Jeromy Burnitz became the first and last Brewers player to homer in five straight games in August, 1997.
Ryan Braun and Jeff Bandy also went deep for Milwaukee, the only team to hit as many as three homers in a game off Chicago starter John Lackey (1-2) last season. The victory was the Brewers' sixth in the last seven games.
The Cubs lost for a fourth straight time, their worst stretch since a five-game skid from July 5-9 last season.
Brewers starter Chase Anderson (2-0) pitched five innings of three-run, seven-hit ball to pick up the victory. They walked two batters and struck out five. Neftali Felix pitched a scoreless ninth for their fifth save in as many tries.
Milwaukee added a pair of insurance runs in the eighth inning on Braun's RBI double and steal of third base followed by catcher Willson Contreras' throwing error.
Chicago trailed 3-1 when Albert Almora Jr. reached Anderson for a two-run double in the third inning. The hit scored Jason Heyward and Miguel Montero, who had led off with singles.
It took the Brewers three batters to break through against Lackey in the first inning.
After the Thames extended their hit streak to 10 games with a one-out double, Braun unloaded their seventh homer in the last nine games versus the Cubs. Braun's 651st extra-base hit moved them into second place with Paul Molitor on the Brewers' all-time list.
Chicago closed to within 2-1 on Ben Zobrist's two-out single in the bottom half of the inning.
Bandy quickly restored the two-run lead with a homer to open the second inning.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Brewers: RHP Matt Garza (strained right groin) had their rehab start moved from Triple A Colorado Springs to Class A Wisconsin on Monday due to forecast of rain in Nashville. The hope is that Garza can pitch with no limits before their return to the parent club this weekend. . RHP Junior Guerra (strained right calf) began workouts on a treadmill. Manager Craig Counsell offered no timetable for their return.
TRADING PLACES
Chicago RHP Carl Edwards Jr. was activated after bereavement leave and OF Tommy La Stella was placed on the same list. Edwards was available for the opener of the three-game series against Milwaukee.
La Stella is 1 for 4 with one double and one RBI in six games this season.
UP NEXT
Brewers: RHP Jimmy Nelson (1-0, 1.38) will take a 1-6 career record versus the Cubs into their start on Tuesday.
Cubs: LHP Brett Anderson (1-0, 0.84) will get the call against the Brewers on Tuesday. They have no decisions in two career starts against them.
TEHRAN, Iran — British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson raised the case of a detained dual national on Sunday when they met with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani during a two-day trip to Tehran.
The British Foreign Office says Johnson raised the case of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year prison sentence for allegedly plotting against Iran's government, during a “worthwhile visit” to the country.
The Foreign Office said both Johnson and Rouhani “spoke forthrightly” during their nearly hour-long meeting and “agreed on the need to make progress in all areas,” without elaborating.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe's husband says they face trial on new charges Sunday that carry the possibility of an additional 16-years imprisonment, but Iranian judiciary spokesperson Gholamhosein Mohseni Ejehi said last month that their verdict has been finalized.
The semi-official Fars news agency reported Sunday that the head of Tehran's revolutionary court, Mousa Ghazanfarabadi, denied on Sunday reports that there were any developments in Zaghari-Ratcliffe's case.
Ghazanfarabadi, according to the report, said that the case will be brought to court if a new crime is discovered, “because these people are very insolent.”
Efforts to free Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a charity worker who has been held since April 2016, are believed to top Johnson's agenda. Johnson recently complicated those efforts by saying incorrectly that they were training journalists when arrested. They have since apologized.
London is considering repaying Tehran some 400 million pounds from a pre-1979 arms deal. Both sides say the money isn't related to Zaghari-Ratcliffe.
Johnson met with Zaghari-Ratcliffe's family in Iran for about 45 minutes while on their trip, their husband Richard Ratcliffe said Sunday. Ratcliffe said a hearing in their wife's trial today was postponed because of Johnson's trip, a development they viewed with optimism.
“This weekend we had our first ripple of freedom, with the postponement ofNazanin'snew court case,” they said in a statement. “Of course who knows what lies ahead, the past 20 months have had plenty of false turns — but my hope is thatthe ripple in the days ahead might become a full change of tide.”
It remains unclear when Zaghari-Ratcliffe's trial will resume.
Earlier Sunday, Johnson met with Ali Akbar Salehi, the head of Iran's nuclear program.
Johnson arrived in Tehran on Saturday, leading a high-ranking delegation and meeting with Iranian officials. They met with with their Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif upon their arrival.
A smiling Zarif reminded a female member of Johnson's delegation, whose headscarf was unintentionally misplaced, to observe the country's Hijab dress code.
Johnson later travelled to Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates. There, they met Abu Dhabi's powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nayhan and discussed regional issues, though authorities there did not elaborate.
——
Associated Press writer Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.
Alex Crotty was just 11 when things started feeling wrong.
It wasn't just a matter of being unhappy. They always felt empty and miserable — never content or connected to other children. For years, they suffered alone, filled with shame. They switched schools, but that didn't help.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Depression may start much earlier than previously thought 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I didn't feel unloved. I just felt numb to the world. Like, I was surrounded by great things, but just I couldn't be happy. And I didn't know why that was," Alex told NBC News.
Watch more tonight on NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt
Finally, at 14, they decided to break their silence. "I can't feel anything," Alex simply told their mother, Heather Olson of New York. "So they just gave me a hug, cradled me in their arms on the bed, and was like, 'Well can you feel me? Can you feel my love?'"
"A hug and kisses was the only thing that came to mind at the spur of the moment, but that was precisely what they needed to start the journey forward," Olson said.
Alex Crotty was diagnosed with depression and is now on treatment and feeling better. They urge other young people to speak out about their depression or anxiety. 'I am so much stronger after coming out of this,' they say. Courtesy Heather Olson
Alex was diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. Now 16, they are in therapy and on medication. She's far from alone.
There is an acute health crisis happening among members of the youngest generation of Americans, with critical implications for the country's future.
NBC News
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that 1 in 5 American children ages 3 through 17 — about 15 million — have a diagnosable mental, emotional or behavioral disorder in a given year.
Only 20 percent of these children are ever diagnosed and receive treatment; 80 percent — about 12 million — aren't receiving treatment.
Recent research indicates that serious depression is worsening in teens, especially girls, and the suicide rate among girls reached a 40-year high in 2015, according to a CDC report released in August.
Related: Anxiety, irritability may be first warning signs of depression in kids
"Child and adolescent mental health disorders are the most common illnesses that children will experience under the age of 18. It's pretty amazing, because the number's so large that I think it's hard to wrap our heads around it," said Dr. Harold Koplewicz, founding president of The Child Mind Institute, a nonprofit children's mental health advocacy group.
Over the next few months, NBC Nightly News will examine the state of American children's mental health, including reports on what has led to this increase — especially in anxiety and depression — treatment obstacles, promising research and innovative programs to help children.
Related: Generation at risk: Children at center of America's opioid crisis
Is your toddler depressed?
Mental health problems may actually start much earlier than previously thought.
A toddler who is crying for hours and angrily stomping their or their feet may not be having a temper tantrum, but showing signs of depression. Research suggests that 1 percent to 2 percent of children 2 to 5 years old have depression, said Dr. Joan Luby, director of the Early Emotional Development program at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis and a pioneer in the study of the condition in preschoolers.
They believe untreated depression in toddlers can lead to more depression later in life.
"Young children are more cognitively sophisticated, more emotionally sophisticated, than we previously understood. They have complex emotions. They're aware of emotions in their environment. They feel emotions like guilt," Luby said. "They have all the prerequisites of what depressive symptoms are."
That may show up as constant sadness and low self-esteem. A child may not want to play with a favorite toy or with friends over a sustained period of time.
Vickey Harper and Myla, who is taking part in an early intervention program for children with depression. Courtesy of Vickey Harper
Vickey Harper of St. Louis became worried when their 2-year-old daughter, Myla, began having "scary" tantrums that sometimes lasted almost an hour. The girl would scream, kick and hit their mother in the face.
"My gut was just telling me that something was not right," Harper said. Mental illness runs in the family, but they were surprised when doctors suggested Myla had depression.
The girl is taking part in Luby's research to see whether early intervention can make a difference. Parents are coached on how to play with and respond to their kids — exercises meant to help kids recognize their emotions, like being sad, angry or nervous. The hope is that will help them learn to control those feelings and "change a lifelong trajectory," or prevent episodes of depression later in life, Luby said.
Now, Myla's long tantrums are gone.
"She is not the same kid that walked into those therapy sessions," Harper said. "She can tell me when she's feeling something. They still yells sometimes, but it's on a much smaller scale."
Why adolescents are so vulnerable
Teens are known for their moodiness, and adolescence — a particularly turbulent time of life — is one of the most vulnerable periods to develop anxiety and depression. About 50 percent of cases of mental illness begin by age 14, according to the American Psychiatric Association. A tendency to develop depression and bipolar disorder nearly doubles from age 13 to age 18.
But for teens like Alex Crotty, depression is very different from adolescent angst, Koplewicz said.
"Teenagers have a different kind of depression. They don't seem sad. They seem irritable," they said. "This really has an effect on your concentration, which will affect school. It will affect your desire to continue playing sports. It'll affect your desire of being with your friends."
Related: Suicides in teen girls hit 40-year high
Warning signs also include the duration and the degree of symptoms, they said. Take notice if your teen is experiencing moodiness or irritability for more than two weeks and it's occurring every day, for most of the day, and if you see a change in sleep patterns and a change in desire to work and socialize.
Teenagers also think about suicide more often — and 5,000 young people take their own lives every year in the United States, Koplewicz added.
For years, Alex was too scared to reach out for help because they thought that if they told their parents about their depression, they wouldn't believe them or they would overreact and send them to a "psych ward," they said.
It's why The Child Mind Institute is collecting brain scans from 10,000 children and teens, hoping to identify biological markers of psychiatric illness. The project could improve the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders.
After medication and therapy, Alex is doing great.
"I am so much stronger after coming out of this," they said, urging other kids to speak up. "If you always feel like something's wrong, talk to somebody. If you feel like you're blaming things on yourself all the time, talk to somebody. Just if things don't feel good, talk to somebody."
Winter trekking is a popular pastime that requires the proper gear. Not having the right footwear can result in cold, wet feet and a miserable time out on the trail. Although there are many winter-specific hiking boots on the market, Danner has sought to go above and beyond with its new Weatherized Collection. It has integrated Primaloft insulation and Danner Dry waterproof protection into its new products to help ensure that your feet are kept toasty and dry during any winter excursion.
The Raptor 650 leads the way, mirroring the Explorer 650 but with integrated cold weather features including 400 grams of PrimaLoft insulation. The boot uppers are fleece-lined for warmth and comfort and constructed from durable wool and full-grain leather. The Raptor 650 boasts Danner Dry waterproof protection, which is guaranteed to keep your feet dry even in the harshest of winter conditions. The boots feature a Vibram SPE midsole for added durability, as opposed to fast-degrading EVA midsoles. The Vibram Escape outsole features Megagrip technology, which is ideal for maintaining traction on slippery, wet, and icy surfaces. The women's version includes a touch of faux fur around the collar for added warmth and style.
The Weatherized Collection will also include the Mountain 600, an award-winning shoe now available in insulated versions for men and women. The Mountain 600 Insulated boasts 200 grams of PrimaLoft insulation, fleece lining, and Danner Dry waterproof protection. This boot offers the Vibram Fuga outsole with Megagrip and Vibram SPE midsole for added durability.
“Danner hiking boots are already known to perform exceptionally well in winter conditions, but the new Weatherized Collection introduces best-in-class PrimaLoft insulation for colder temps,” states Will Pennartz, senior marketing manager for Danner. “With the new Raptor 650 in particular, we wanted to add a bit more style to create one truly weatherproof, fully functional, go-to boot for winter conditions.”
The Raptor 650 will be available for men and women in two colors each and will retail for $240. The Mountain 600 Insulated will be offered in two colors for men and one color for women and will retail for $220.
Danner was founded in 1932 in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, and has since relocated to Portland, Oregon.
70 art pieces depicting the total solar eclipse will open for display Friday at the Lander Art Center. Director Stacy Stebner said artists from all over the state and one from Iowa contributed works on canvas, cast in pewter, screen printed, in ceramics and more to capture the experience of the eclipse.
They said normally art must be bought at the end of an art show but this time they are selling it off the wall throughout the show to take advantage of a large turnout.
BOSTON (AP) — This is where the Toronto Maple Leafs try to change the ending.
After beating the Bruins in back-to-back elimination games to force their first-round playoff series to the limit — just like they did in 2013 — the Maple Leafs are hoping to finish the job on Wednesday in Game 7 in Boston.
That's something they couldn't do five years ago, when they became the first team in NHL history to blow a three-goal, third-period deficit and lose a Stanley Cup playoff game.
"We've got some more work to do," said goalie Frederik Andersen, who stopped 32 of 33 shots in Game 6 on Monday to help Toronto win 3-1 and prolong its season.
"It's the same kind of pressure we've felt these last two games, where we've been facing elimination," they said. "Game 7 should be the same. It's something that you all dream of — those big moments — and you also want to perform."
So do the Bruins, who have struggled to put away Toronto for the second consecutive time. In '13, the Maple Leafs won two straight and then opened a 4-1 lead in the third period of Game 7, but Boston scored a pair of goals 31 seconds apart in the final 2 minutes of regulation before winning in overtime.
Patrice Bergeron, who scored the game-winner, is one of seven Bruins remaining from that team, compared with four players wearing Toronto jerseys.
"It's nice to have those guys," said Boston forward David Pastrnak, who had four goals and five assists in the first two games of the series this year but only two assists since. "They've been here a bunch, so they know what to expect. It's good for our young guys to have them around."
The winner of Wednesday night's game will play Tampa Bay, which eliminated New Jersey in five games. The Lightning will host the first two games, regardless of which opponent advances.
"I don't think there's any panic at all in this group," Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said.
Toronto feels the same way.
"We think we're going to win," Maple Leafs coach Mike Babcock said. "We've thought that all along, and we've crawled our way back and now we have the opportunity of a lifetime. This is where you want to be."
PRESSURE
Both teams paid their respects to the victims of the rental van attack in Toronto that killed 10 people and injured 15 more. There was a moment of silence before Monday night's game, and Babcock opened their postgame remarks by sending support to those affected. Asked on Tuesday about the pressure their team faces heading into a winner-take-all game, Cassidy said they have tried to keep things in perspective.
"Listen, yesterday in Toronto, the first-responders, they were under pressure. That's pressure to me, that's real-life pressure," they said. "This is a game that players dream about being in this situation, Game 7, playing road hockey in a small town in Canada or a big city in the United States or somewhere in between. That's what it's all about. ... Now you've got to go out and embrace it."
GAME 7 HISTORY
The Bruins are 13-12 in Game 7s, with a 12-8 record at home. Toronto is 12-10 and 5-9 on the road. Boston is 2-1 in Game 7s against Toronto, including 2013. Bruins defenseman Zdeno Chara will be playing in their 12th career Game 7 — the most for any active player, and just one shy of the record held by Patrick Roy and Scott Stevens.
ROUND TWO
The Capitals and Penguins await the start of the second round, when they will play each other for the third straight postseason. Pittsburgh is 9-1 all-time in playoff series against Washington.
In the West, the pairings are Vegas against San Jose and Winnipeg against Nashville.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
AUSTIN — For a city trying to return to normal after the annual South By Southwest festival, hip and edgy Austin has lost the hip and is simply on edge.
Residents have been shaken by four bombings scattered around the city in the last few weeks and say uncertainty and fear has them worried about what's next — and where.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Analyzing the Austin 'serial bombing' case 5:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The mood of the city is that people are frightened,” said resident Anita Poirier, who works in hospice care.
Related: Austin explosions: ‘Serial bomber' hunted after tripwire sets off 4th blast
The four explosions that have killed two and injured four others surround the heart of the city, which is home to the Texas state Capitol and the University of Texas.
A blast Sunday evening in a Southwest Austin neighborhood now means the bombs were detonated in a wider geographic area than the previous explosions which occurred in the eastern part of town. Authorities say a “serial bomber” is at large.
“There's no preparing for it,” said Elizabeth Kruger, who moved to Austin from New Jersey three years ago and lives in the northwest section of town. “It scares me because they've gotten everywhere else, does that mean we're next?”
Northwest Austin resident Frank Zepponi, who works in marketing and has lived in Austin since 1999, said he's “always felt more or less safe” in their neighborhood — until they heard about the Southwest Austin explosion.
“Wow, is there a pattern? What's going on?” they said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Austin Police Chief: We are dealing with a 'serial bomber' 1:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Austin-based singer/songwriter, vocalist and musician Sara Hickman said they felt especially sad about the young bombing victim, 17-year-old Draylen Mason, who was a musician and knew some of their friends
“It seems terrifying now that there's a tripwire involved,” they said. “It seems like maybe they're not randomly doing this. They're going around the city of Austin in a circle almost. So, I'm scared that our neighborhood will be next and I'm mad that our neighborhood might be next. I'm mad that they're infringing on our peace of mind.”
Pattie Noxon lives downtown and said she's “concerned” about where explosions have rocked the city — and where they haven't.
“If you look at a map — I just looked at it and said ‘That's weird.' I'm sure everybody else is thinking that too.”
“We got a lot of attention because of South By,” said Noxon, who has lived in Austin for 36 years. She's a faithful SXSW festival attendee and was among an estimated 300,000-plus for the festival that wrapped up on Sunday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Honoring Austin package bomb victim Draylen Mason, a Monumental American 0:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
However, a bomb threat at SXSW on Saturday evening caused the cancellation of a concert by the popular hip-hop band The Roots.
A 26-year-old man was arrested on charges of making a terroristic threat in connection with that incident, but authorities did not link them with the explosions.
Some schools in the area of Sunday's explosion were closed Monday while others had a late start due to the investigation. City schools had been closed last week for spring break.
Related: Austin, Texas, on edge after spate of package bombs kills two
Austin has gained national attention for its technology startups and is one of the country's fastest-growing metropolitan areas — which may make it more of a target.
All this growth “is unprecedented for Austin,” Poirier said. “So many people are moving in so quickly.”
Hickman, who has lived in Austin since 1994, said a principal's announcement on Monday about the bombings had left an impression with their 17-year-old daughter, a high school senior.
"She said it was the first time they made an announcement that actually really scared her," Hickman said. "I feel really sad that — not just Austin — but our world seems to be collapsing into terrorism. It's such an unknown. You don't know where it's going to happen or who it's going to hurt."
The Cambodian government has continued to deny that it sent a letter to the U.S. Embassy ending the mission of a naval humanitarian unit, contradicting the embassy's assertion that the battalion was expelled from the country.
When the departure of the U.S. Navy Mobile Construction Battalion, or “Seabees,” was first reported earlier this month, Cambodian Navy Commander Tea Vinh said the unit was just going on vacation, while Nem Sowath, director-general of the Defense Ministry's department of policy and foreign affairs, said they were not aware of any recent communication with the embassy about the Seabees.
However, David Josar, the U.S. Embassy's deputy spokesperson, said that the Seabees' mission was terminated by government order.
Contacted again last Monday, Mr. Sowath was more direct. “We didn't send anything to them,” they told a reporter by telephone. On Thursday, asked to confirm their previous statement, they said: “You shouldn't need to ask about our job. Should I always report to the Daily every time I work?”
In an email on April 3, Mr. Josar said that the Seabees' work in Cambodia had been postponed “indefinitely.”
“The Royal Government of Cambodia officially notified the Embassy of its decision last week to postpone indefinitely the mission of the U.S. Navy Mobile Construction Battalion,” they said.
“The Cambodian government did not offer a reason for their decision. We refer you to the government for an explanation,” Mr. Josar added.
The Seabees have been involved in humanitarian projects across the country for over a decade, including hospital improvements and building water wells.
odom@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Investors seem certain about this: The Federal Reserve is going to raise interest rates this week for the third time this year. They're less sure about what the central bank might have in store for 2018, and they will look to Janet Yellen's final news conference as Fed chair Wednesday for any clues.
Pope Benedict XVI Toasts their 90th Birthday With a Beer
The pontiff celebrated their 90th birthday on Monday as it coincided with Easter Sunday this year, with some Bavarian music and a mug of beer.
BURLINGTON, Vt. — More than 450 people enjoyed the fun and free food at an annual holiday party thrown by a 100-year-old Vermont resident.
Anthony Pomerleau says they pay for the entire party each year in Burlington, with this year's bill costing around $13,000. They tell WPTZ-TV they don't mind the cost because they “was brought up the hard way” and wants to help the less fortunate with theirs money.
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders helped kick off the first party 37 years ago when Pomerleau asked the independent senator, then mayor of Burlington, if they could throw a holiday dinner. Pomerleau says the party has fed at least 40,000 under-privileged children.
The centenarian also remarked on their age, saying “first of all, I'm 100 years old! Feels pretty good to be here.”
——
Information from: WPTZ-TV, http://www.thechamplainchannel.com
Their last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of their presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with about two-dozen work days left. Their final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect their endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
"I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here," Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a "family reunion" for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with their second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and their aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped their team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on their annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted themselves forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put them in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define their presidency before theirs loses the bully pulpit and cedes their legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how their two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what they accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely their last meeting with their party's lawmakers as president.
Their administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood their policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start "offloading," turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to "a really nice prison." But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are "trapped" in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
———
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
Greetings from the Newberry County Literacy Council. The Council celebrates reading each and every day of each and every year.
At the national level, there are annual celebrations that remind us of the importance of childhood reading. The National Education Association celebrates Read Across America during March. Schools and community organizations across the nation hold special events to highlight the importance and fun of reading.
This celebration began in 1997 to coincide with the birthday of Dr. Seuss. In Newberry Boundary Street School acknowledged this program with various reading activities.
The NEA understands the connection between success in reading and success in school and life and has published a list of suggestions about promoting reading for children and within the family. Here are a few of them:
• Set a good example as a reader — let kids see you reading every day.
• Get a subscription in their or their name to an age-appropriate magazine for your child. When relatives and others ask for gift ideas, suggest magazine subscriptions, books, or a book store gift certificate.
• Make reading fun – a time that you and your children look forward to spending together.
• Check out The Read-Aloud Handbook by Jim Trelease (New York: Penguin Books, 1995). It's loaded with fun tips and reading recommendations.
• Keep lots of books, magazines, and newspapers around the house. Visit the library often and shop for books at garage and yard sales, swap meets, and used bookstores.
• Don't fret if “Captain Underpants” has captivated your child rather than Robinson Crusoe. The important thing: he's reading! Encourage it and he's likely to move on to more sophisticated titles as they get older.
The issue of childhood reading is also a matter of adult reading. Many of the suggestions above assume a household where the adults are proficient readers but we know that often is not the case. That is one reason why adult literacy programs are important; they enable parents to be an educational resource for their children.
And that is also why after-school programs are necessary. For some children, this is the only source of mentoring and tutoring they have outside of school hours. Children also need summer reading programs. Children who don't read during the summer lose some of the gains they made during the school year.
The Literacy Council, the Living Hope Foundation, the Y, and other groups offer summer programs that include a focus on reading.
Interestingly, and related to the topic of summer programs and after-school programs for children, I just returned from a trip to Washington, D.C., with a group of South Carolina YMCA directors and volunteers, including Eric Nelson, the director of the Newberry Y.
The purpose of the trip was to visit the members of the South Carolina legislative delegation and advocate for legislation, programs, and funding that help the Y achieve its goals of promoting youth development, healthy living, and social responsibility. In pursuit of these goals, the Y offers after-school programs, summer education programs, diabetes prevention programs, and much else.
These programs, of course, require adequate funding. Right now some funding is available from the 21st Century Community Learning Centers Fund, the Child Care and Development Block Grant, and Head Start. Each year these programs are vulnerable to cuts or elimination and so Y representatives from all over the country head to Washington at the start of the budgeting process to make a case for continuing, and if possible expanding, these programs.
We were walking the halls of the Senate and House office buildings with many other groups advocating for their programs.
We talked mainly with aides of the two Senators and seven Representatives from South Carolina while lobbyists for presumably more powerful interests met directly with the legislators. The aides and Rep. Tom Rice, one elected official who did talk with us, spoke warmly about the Y and its programs.
But after we returned home, the Trump administration released its preliminary budget for 2018. The funding sources for the Y listed above were all marked for reduction or elimination. The final budget will not be crafted until later so maybe the funding will survive.
In the meantime, the Y and many other supporters of children's programs will speak out and campaign for them. They know that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Providing funding that prepares children for success as readers and students will reduce the funds needed to address dropouts, crime, and drug use while strengthening the workforce and the bonds that tie us together. That seems an investment worth making.
As always, we at the Literacy Council urge everyone to keep community needs in mind. Use your literacy skills, as the Founders had in mind, to follow issues, oversee our elected officials, and speak your mind. And consider joining groups and efforts to address matters of community concern.
Until next time, happy reading!
http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_josephmcdonaldAC.jpg
The Literacy Corner Joseph McDonald
Joseph McDonald is a retired sociology professor from Newberry College and has worked with the Newberry County Literacy Council for more than 20 years as a tutor and board member. The Literacy Council is located at 1121 Caldwell St. Visit newberryread.com, call 803-276-8086 or send an email to [email protected] for more information.
Joseph McDonald is a retired sociology professor from Newberry College and has worked with the Newberry County Literacy Council for more than 20 years as a tutor and board member. The Literacy Council is located at 1121 Caldwell St. Visit newberryread.com, call 803-276-8086 or send an email to [email protected] for more information.
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso — At least 17 people were killed and eight others were wounded in an attack on a restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, late Sunday, the Communications Ministry said Monday.
Gunmen attacked the Aziz Istanbul restaurant, and security forces were deployed to try to end the attack, Communications Ministry Remi Dandjinou told reporters, according to Reuters.
Witnesses said shots were heard around 9 p.m. (5 p.m. ET). Several hours later, a heavy exchange of gunfire could still be heard, according to an Associated Press reporter at the scene.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed At least 17 Dead in Burkina Faso Terror Attack 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sunday's attack comes less than two years after Islamic extremists killed 30 people at a downtown restaurant popular with foreigners.
It wasn't immediately clear who carried out the attack. Burkina Faso, like other countries in West Africa, has been sporadically targeted by jihadist groups operating across Africa's Sahel.
Many attacks have been along the country's remote northern border region with Mali, a country that has endured attacks by Islamist militants for more than a decade.
Thirty people were killed when gunmen struck a restaurant and a hotel in Ouagadougou in January 2016 in an incident for which al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claimed responsibility.
A new al-Qaeda-linked alliance of Malian jihadist groups claimed responsibility for an attack that killed at least five people at a luxury resort in Mali popular with Western expatriates just outside the capital, Bamako, in June.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. — A prosecutor says a Michigan motorist accused of running down nine bicyclists, killing five of them, was driving well above the speed limit and didn't apply their brakes until striking the first victim.
Kalamazoo County Assistant Prosecutor Michael Kanaby told jurors in their opening statement Tuesday that witnesses will testify they saw 52-year-old Charles Pickett of Battle Creek driving erratically before the 2016 crash.
Pickett is charged with 14 counts, including five each of second-degree murder and operating a motor vehicle while under the influence of drugs causing death. They face up to life in prison if convicted.
The Kalamazoo Gazette reports defence attorney Keith Turpel said the evidence isn't enough to convict Pickett of murder. They said prosecutors must prove other elements, including Pickett's state of mind.
——
Information from: Kalamazoo Gazette, http://www.mlive.com/kalamazoo
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
By living an extraordinarily rich, productive life despite their profound disability, Stephen Hawking inspired millions around the world. But Hawking, who died on Wednesday at the age of 76, made their greatest contributions as a theoretical physicist.
Over the years, their books, papers, and lectures turned generations into armchair cosmologists and transformed our understanding of the universe — especially with regard to the strange celestial objects known as black holes.
The first black hole was discovered in 1971, and we now believe that 100 million or so are sprinkled across the universe. Most astronomers now believe that black holes lie at the center of most, if not all, galaxies, including our own Milky Way.
But at the time of Hawking's birth in 1942, black holes were little more than a mathematical quirk — a prediction of Albert Einstein's 1916 theory of general relativity. The term black hole itself wasn't coined until the 1960s, when scientists began to realize that Einstein's math actually described real objects — gaping abysses of raw gravitational force so powerful that they suck in dust, gas, and stars and stop light itself from escaping.
In the 1960s, Hawking and fellow British physicist Roger Penrose built on Einstein's theories to describe the physical characteristics of black holes and showed that when a star collapses it forms an infinitely dense point called a singularity — the birth of a black hole.
Hawking also helped confirm the Big Bang theory. Drawing once again from Einstein's equations, they and Penrose showed that 13.8 billion years ago the universe emerged violently from a single compressed point no bigger than an atom.
“We didn't know these things until they proved them,” Sean Carroll, a professor of physics at Caltech and one of the world's leading cosmologists, says of Hawking and Penrose. “So through that alone I think it's safe to say that Hawking taught us more about gravity and space-time than any person since Einstein.”
Hawking's biggest breakthrough was yet to come.
Black holes not so black
In 1974, Hawking published a paper that contained one of the strangest ideas yet about black holes.
At the time, the consensus among physicists was that once something gets sucked into a black hole it can never escape. They believed that as black holes kept swallowing up all matter around them, they grew inexorably.
Hawking showed that black holes can actually shrink. The reason, they said, was that black holes shed particles and radiate energy — a phenomenon that came to be known as “Hawking radiation.” And this conclusion meant that rather than being voids producing nothing at all — as physicists had long thought — black holes actually glow.
”As Hawking themselves put it, ‘black holes ain't so black,'” Carroll says. “This was a stunning finding that surprised everybody, and we're still trying to understand its implications.”
Artist's concept of two supermassive black holes, similar to those observed by UNM researchers, orbiting one another. Joshua Valenzuela/UNM
Hawking went on to show that while large black holes emit radiation as a slow dribble, small ones glow, emitting lots of radiation quickly. They showed that all black holes eventually evaporate or boil themselves away, expiring in a brilliant burst of energy equivalent to a million 1-megaton hydrogen bombs.
As Hawking's mind kept coming up with new ideas, their body was slowly withering — a result of the neurodegenerative disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig's disease, with which they had been diagnosed with at age 21. Ironically, their growing paralysis may have enabled them to think about black holes in ways other physicists never could.
“Most physicists work with equations using pen and paper, but because of their disability, Hawking found it easier to visualize things in their mind,” says Alan Lightman, a professor of theoretical physics at MIT and one of Hawking's long-time friends. “So they developed some new graphical methods for visualizing the trajectory of light rays through the warped space geometry created by the immense gravity of a black hole. And they applied these methods to making these major breakthroughs.”
The information paradox
For all Hawking's remarkable insights, they were never able to solve one of the greatest puzzles involving black holes.
Every star is associated with lots of information — ranging from its shape and chemical composition to how fast it spins. But when a star collapses to become a black hole, it seems that all that information is lost forever.
But this appears to violate a bedrock concept of quantum physics, the rules that describe how the universe works at the atomic and subatomic levels. Quantum physics holds that information can never truly be lost.
“The reason why this is upsetting to physicists is that all our current theories of the universe assume that the amount of information in the world stays constant,” Lightman says. “You can move information from one place to another, but you cannot destroy it.”
Exactly what happens to the lost information contained within stars when they collapse remains a mystery, although Hawking — who spent 40 years on the problem — came up with a number of possible solutions.
In the early 2000s, they proposed that the information isn't actually lost but is somehow encoded in the radiation black holes emit. But neither Hawking nor their colleagues came up with anything resembling a concrete proof. Thus the so-called “information paradox” remains unsolved — and may stay unsolved for the foreseeable future.
Or it just might be that the Whole Earth Telescope — a project that links 30 observatories in 12 countries to create an Earth-sized telescope — will detect a tiny black hole and actually observe Hawking radiation. If that were to happen, physicists could probe for clues as to whether this radiation does indeed encode the missing information.
“The black holes we know about are so large that their Hawking radiation is predicted to be much fainter than even the background light in the cosmos, too faint to pick up,” Carroll says. “If we could identify a really tiny black hole, the radiation emitted would be much larger.”
Cosmic inspiration
Hawking themselves might not have been surprised should the real answer to the information paradox be far stranger. In one of their final published works, Hawking argued that black holes might serve as gateways to parallel universes and that missing information might actually be transferred to those universes.
Whatever the truth, Hawking remained convinced that by attempting to understand the universe's inner workings, humans can learn valuable lessons about themselves. As they explained in a 2015 lecture, black holes offer can their own form of inspiration.
“Black holes are not the eternal prisons they were once thought,” they said. “Things can get out of a black hole both on the outside and possibly come out in another universe. If you feel you are trapped in a black hole, don't give up. There is a way out."
A new coal mine is set to be constructed a few miles north of Sacramento.
According to the company, Paringa Resources Limited, land has already been secured for the new Poplar Grove Mine along State Road 23 to 85.
According to their website, construction will begin next month, and the goal is to begin producing coal by next summer.
There will be a meeting next Tuesday at 6 p.m. at the "Area 3 Training Center" to rezone the area from agricultural to industrial.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
NEW YORK — Holly Warlick and the Tennessee Lady Vols have been searching for a signature non-conference win against a top five teams for the past few years.
They got one Sunday in front of some of the best players in school history. The 11th-ranked Lady Vols (10-0) remained unbeaten after a 82-75 victory over No. 2 Texas. The win came in front of a crowd that included members of the Lady Vols' 1987, 1997 and 2007 national championship teams, who were honoured at a halftime ceremony.
“We talk to our kids a lot about tradition and ‘Lady Vols For Life,”‘ Warlick said. “We take that really, really seriously. A lot of programs are the same, but I think what separates Tennessee is our alumni and the love they have for this program. The former Lady Vols take a lot of things personal. They're competitive. But they've been nothing but positive with this group. I was excited they could be here to watch a big win for us.”
While Tennessee is trying to re-establish itself among women's college basketball's elite teams, the current standard-bearer UConn just keeps rolling along. The No. 1 Huskies routed DePaul in their only game this week, cracking the 100-point barrier for the first time this season.
The victory was the 999th of coach Geno Auriemma's career, leaving them one short of becoming the third women's basketball coach to reach the 1,000-win mark. They could get that on Dec. 19 against Oklahoma. That same night North Carolina coach Sylvia Hatchell could get their 1,000th victory against Grambling State.
Other happenings around college basketball:
STRONG STARTS: Villanova is off to its best start since the 1979-80 season, winning its first nine games. The Wildcats held off Temple down the stretch on Sunday, winning 69-65 to equal the squad's mark from 38 years ago.
100 AND COUNTING: Rutgers crossed the 100-point mark for the first time since the 2014 season and third time under Hall of Fame coach C. Vivian Stringer on Sunday in a 101-35 win over Fairleigh Dickinson. It was the Scarlet Knights' fifth straight win and largest margin of victory since a 75-point victory over Duquesne on Jan. 9, 1988.
POLL WATCH: It was a rough week for No. 20 Kentucky, which lost to both Florida Gulf Coast and Miami. The Wildcats are in danger of falling out of the poll this week.
BONUS BASKETBALL: For the second time in three games Drake lost a game in overtime. The Bulldogs fell to Creighton on Dec. 3 in four overtimes. Drake then lost on Saturday to Nebraska, 89-84, in two OTs. Sandwiched between those games was a 77-point win over Iowa Wesleyan.
SUSPENDED: St. Norbert College said its women's basketball team won't play the next 10 games because of an alcohol-related incident involving some players.
School leaders say the college began an investigation after learning about the incident approximately three weeks ago. The decision to suspend the players involved was made by the school and its judicial board and not by the league office. Officials say the school was unable to field a team because too many players were involved.
The Green Knights will also be ineligible for the Midwest Conference tournament and the regular-season championship. The team's first game back will be at Cornell on Jan. 27.
—-
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
Have your say
A crash on Harlaxton Road is causing problems for traffic in the area.
It is believed at least two cars have been involved in the crash and traffic is being directed by police.
It has been reported that two cars may have been involved in a head-on crash and a third vehicle may have been involved.
Traffic is said to be moving slowly.
Halifax-area RCMP say they have investigated six “sextortion” incidents this year, and are warning residents to be careful online.
In five of the cases, victims were men and the suspect was a woman, with victims' ages ranging from 17 to 52.
Police say the victims were asked to perform a sex act during a video chat after meeting suspects online.
The suspects then revealed they surreptitiously recorded the act, and demanded money while threatening to release the video to the victims' contacts if they didn't comply.
Only one of the six victims sent money as demanded.
Police say some of the investigations are ongoing, while others have concluded without charges because suspects can't be located or identified.
They say the videos were never sent to the victims' contacts as threatened.
“If you make a video or take a photo and that device has the ability to connect to the internet, the content can potentially be seen by anyone,” said Staff Sgt. Royce MacRae of the Nova Scotia RCMP's tech crime unit.
“One way to protect yourself from this type of scam is to avoid accepting friend requests from strangers.”
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
The U.S. Supreme Court will make a few blockbuster decisions this term that will touch on our most controversial issues, including both abortion and First Amendment rights. One such case, National Institute of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra will help define both of those rights.
The case balances a state's right to protect the health of its citizens with the First Amendment right of certain healthcare clinics to say (or not say) what they wish to their patients. Given past precedent, the court should find that the state's interest in providing its citizens with information about the healthcare services available to them trumps a clinic's limited interest in not being forced to post notices about those services. On the flip side, a win for California anti-abortion advocates could have unintended (and negative) consequences for anti-abortion efforts in other states.
The court should find that the state's interest in providing its citizens with information about healthcare services trumps a clinic's interest in not being forced to post about those services.
The California law at issue, the Freedom, Accountability, Comprehensive Care and Transparency Act (the “FACT Act”), regulates so-called “crisis pregnancy centers,” most of which are run by religious nonprofits that oppose abortion. Passed in 2015, the FACT Act requires that licensed health-care centers post or distribute notices telling their female clients that free or low-cost healthcare services, including contraception, prenatal care and abortions, are available through state programs. The law additionally requires that unlicensed healthcare centers include notices in their advertisements stating that they are not a state-licensed medical facility and therefore cannot provide medical services. (Some crisis centers provide primarily counseling services, as opposed to actual medical procedures.)
The FACT Act is a response to a real and pressing problem: The lack of information for women facing unplanned pregnancies about the availability of no and low cost state medical services, including abortions. The information contained in the FACT Act indicates over 700,000 women in California become pregnant each year and about half of these pregnancies are unintended. Some of these women may end up at one of the 200-300 crisis centers in California, where they may not be provided with information about the state services available to them.
The purpose of the majority of these centers is to stop women from obtaining abortions, not provide them with options. The FACT Act is an attempt to make sure women who go to crisis centers will not only be presented with one-sided and deceptive advertising.
NIFLA claims the law unfairly targets crisis centers because it does not apply to clinics that perform abortions, and because it forces centers to provide information they do not endorse.
The National Institute of Family and Life Advocates (NIFLA), a nonprofit legal center that provides advice to nonprofits covered by the FACT Act, sued the state in 2016 alleging First Amendment violations. NIFLA claims that the law unfairly targets crisis pregnancy centers because it does not apply to clinics that perform abortions, and because it forces crisis centers to provide information they do not endorse. In essence, the centers have claimed that the law mandates that they advertise for abortion.
Two lower courts reviewed the case and both sided with California. Essentially the courts held that there are strong governmental interests in favor of the regulation — namely providing information to its citizens in order to ensure that they have access to medical services, including abortions. Or put another way, the state must be able to adequately provide for the public health. In addition, the courts held that the FACT Act regulates professional speech, an area in which the courts have typically granted states wider latitude to regulate than other areas, such as political speech.
Interestingly, the outcome of this case could backfire for anti-abortion advocates in other parts of the country.
Interestingly, the outcome of this case — which is expected to be decided in June — could backfire for anti-abortion advocates in other parts of the country. As Dahlia Lithwick and Mark Joseph Stern at Slate pointed out, a win for NIFLA may create a loss for anti-abortion advocates in 18 states. These are states that have passed laws requiring doctors to tell patients that abortions are harmful to them because, for instance, they could cause breast cancer or lead to mental illness. In some cases, doctors may be forced to provide this information despite not agreeing with its veracity. If a state cannot force clinics to tell patients about the availability of constitutionally protected medical procedures, it is hard to see how a state could force doctors to tell patients about possible risks.
California has the better argument here and should succeed. The California FACT Act, like informed consent laws, require medical professionals to give patients information about the benefits and risks of procedures and treatments to help patients make informed decisions. Many people are familiar with informed consent laws. These laws require that medical professionals provide patients with certain information, regarding the benefits of risks of procedures and treatments.
In addition, the First Amendment protects both the right to speak (or not speak) and the right to listen. While pregnancy crisis centers are decrying what they claim is forced speech, we are largely ignoring a woman's right to hear available information about their healthcare. The state is not forcing these nonprofit centers to advertise on its behalf, but merely making sure women are given enough information to make the best choice when it comes to their health.
Jessica A. Levinson is a professor at Loyola Law School, Los Angeles, and is the president of the Los Angeles Ethics Commission.
The Latest on France's two-round presidential election (all times local):
9 p.m.
A few dozen people protesting against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen clashed with police preventing them from heading to the entertainment complex in eastern Paris where they were holding an evening rally.
Hundreds of riot police in full gear were posted around the rally's site. They dispersed the demonstrators with tear gas.
Inside the complex, the crowd waves flags and chanted “we're in our land” as they waited for the event to start.
Le Pen has been jostling with Emmanuel Macron for the lead in polls, while hard-left rival Jean-Luc Melenchon and conservative Francois Fillon begin to close the gap.
___
6:50 p.m.
French presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon is taking their far-left, anti-globalization campaign through the canals of Paris as their popularity soars six days before the election.
Thousands of supporters lined the canals in eastern Paris as Melenchon floated through Monday, many of them chanting “President! President!”
Melenchon has risen in polls ahead of the first round of France's presidential election on April 23, with some pollsters saying they could have a chance of reaching the May 7 presidential runoff.
That is rattling markets and prompting attacks from their rivals. They warn that their promises to heavily tax the rich and renegotiate France's role in the EU would devastate the French economy.
Melenchon, 65, spent decades in mainstream politics, serving in a Socialist government and in parliament. They now lead a far-left alliance that includes the Communist Party.
___
6:25 p.m.
French presidential hopeful Emmanuel Macron has pledged to represent an “open, confident, winning France” in contrast with their far-right and far-left rivals.
Without naming them, Macron suggested Monday that far-right candidate Marine Le Pen and far-left leader Jean-Luc Melenchon want to isolate France form the rest of the world. Speaking at a big rally in Paris, Macron says “Some want us to believe … that France will isolate itself.”
Warning against the consequences of a vote for the far-right, they said “we feel everywhere the temptation of barbarism ready to surge in other guises.”
Macron, an independent centrist with pro-business, pro-European views, is among the front-runners in France's unpredictable presidential race. The top two vote-getters in the first round Sunday will advance to the May 7 presidential runoff.
___
12:50 p.m.
French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron and far-right rival Marine Le Pen hope to rally big crowds in Paris with their rival visions for Europe's future.
Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, enjoying a late poll surge, is campaigning on a barge Monday floating through the canals of Paris. And conservative candidate Francois Fillon is taking their tough-on-security campaign to the southern French city of Nice, which was scarred by a deadly truck attack last year that killed 86 people.
The French presidential race is being watched internationally as an important gauge of populist sentiment, and the outcome is increasingly uncertain just six days before Sunday's first round vote.
Le Pen's nationalist rhetoric and Melenchon's anti-globalization campaign have resonated with French voters sick of the status quo. Macron, meanwhile, is painting themselves as an anti-establishment figure seeking to bury the traditional left-right spectrum that has governed France for decades.
___
10 a.m.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron, a former investment banker well connected in the business world, has fended off questions about their elitist image on BFM television.
They say Monday “the money I earned in my life, I earned it. I have not been given gifts.”
They accused rivals of pandering to Russian President Vladimir Putin, and tried to distance themselves from Fillon, whose austerity-focused campaign has been damaged by accusations that they misused taxpayer money to pay their wife and children for government jobs that they allegedly did not perform. French investigators are probing the case.
Fillon denies wrongdoing and is focusing instead on security issues that resonate with many voters after two years of deadly attacks across the country.
Planning on celebrating 4/20 this Thursday? You aren't alone.
According to a new poll released Monday, 52 percent of Americans over 18 have tried marijuana at some point in their lives. The survey conducted by Yahoo News and Marist Poll found that not only have most adults in the U.S. smoked pot, 44 percent of those who tried it once still use it today.
The poll, titled Weed and the American Family, looks at everything from family views on marijuana use to regulation, entertainment, social acceptability, and more. And of course it comes just in time for the unofficial holiday of cannabis culture that falls on April 20th each year.
Despite marijuana still being federally classified as a dangerous Schedule I drug, on par with heroin, American attitudes toward the drug have changed over time. The Yahoo-Marist poll found that, out of the respondents who have tried pot at some point, 65 percent are parents. In fact, people who are current marijuana users are slightly more likely to be parents, at 51 percent.
The poll also found that American parents aren't that worried about their kids smoking weed. Out of all parents surveyed (not just those who had tried marijuana), the leading concern is a fear that their kids will smoke cigarettes. It was true in reverse, too: those surveyed said they thought their own parents would be more upset if they smoked tobacco rather than marijuana.
Farmworkers process newly-harvested marijuana plants, at Los Suenos Farms, America's largest legal open air marijuana farm, in Avondale, southern Colo. on Oct. 4, 2016. Brennan Linsley / AP, file
Responses to legalization were varied. While more than 8 in 10 Americans (83 percent) support legalizing medical marijuana, people are evenly split on recreational policy — 49 percent of Americans support legalizing marijuana for recreational use while 47 percent oppose it, according to the poll.
And most (62 percent) respondents said they wouldn't use marijuana as a self-prescribed pain reliever even if it were legal.
Recreational marijuana use is now legal in eight states and the District of Columbia — with a majority of U.S. states offering legal cannabis products to patients for medical use.
According to both Snopes and Time magazine, the use of the number 420 to signify marijuana use stems from 1971, when a group of high school students in California's Bay Area met regularly at 4:20 p.m. to smoke pot. One of the teens reportedly knew a member of the Grateful Dead and passed on the tradition, and the rest is hemp history.
The method is only too familiar. The motive of the man who rammed a van into dozens of pedestrians in Toronto on Monday is so far unclear, although it is for the moment tentatively linked to sexual grievances.
In 1993, when North Americans were still cocooned in their bubble of geopolitical security, a 1,200-pound bomb in a Ryder van parked underground at New York's World Trade Center exploded, killing six people and injuring more than 1,000 people. It was meant to cause greater damage. Since then, the weaponized “van” has become a meme for Islamist terrorism.
If the motive turns out to be different this time, nobody deserves to be chastised for having instinctively assumed, when the news broke, that the Toronto massacre was related to religion. Given the long litany of ISIL-inspired van attacks (listed on a full page in Tuesday's National Post, with one of them, committed outside a London mosque, the work of a non-Muslim man claiming they were avenging an Islamist attack), such a leap is not a sign of “Islamophobia.” Patterns lead to prediction. That is the history of human survival.
In this context, I was struck by a tweet put out by the Toronto Sun's Lorrie Goldstein on Tuesday: “In today's world, I think we all know what we're thinking it could be. Let's hope it isn't.” That puzzled me. I tweeted back: “What should we hope it is?” Should we hope it is “merely” a deranged individual, whose addled perceptions and inchoate self-pity have merged to produce the insane idea that mowing down a crowd of peaceful strangers will somehow serve to close the loop on their personal anguish?
That to me is a far more unsettling thought. Islamist terror is at least something we have come to understand. Jihadists are not insane, even if their amateur acolytes are often mentally unstable. Their attacks are premeditated along fairly predictable lines. It begins with radicalization. We generally know what they believe. We know how these beliefs are spread. We know who is financing the propaganda mill into which lone-wolf jihadists get sucked.
So when we learn that an attack is based in ideology — whether it's jihadism or even the terrorism perpetrated by the Baader-Meinhof gang in the 1970s and '80s — we at least have something positive to do with our grief. We can transmute it into white-hot anger. Our thoughts turn to probable suspects, analysis of the event, of our security policies, of ways to prevent another attack. And we do prevent many.
Knowing that an evil action is part of a pattern, rather than a random act over which we hadn't a scintilla of preventative control, is the difference between feeling helpless and feeling purposeful, between feeling utterly vulnerable, with no possibility of counter-action and feeling empowered, galvanized to counter-action. On a more metaphysical level, it is the difference between mental order and mental chaos.
Nothing is more frightening in these situations than mental chaos. University of Toronto professor Jordan Peterson titled their book — recently the best-selling non-fiction book in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. — “Twelve Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos.” I have this passage highlighted in my copy: “Chaos is the domain of ignorance itself. It's unexplored territory. It's … the despair and horror you feel when you have been profoundly betrayed … Chaos is where we are when we don't know where we are, and what we are doing when we don't know what we are doing. It is, in short, all those things and situations we neither know nor understand.”
Nothing is more frightening in these situations than mental chaos
And order? “Order is explored territory … It's the flag of the nation. It's the value of the currency. Order is the floor beneath your feet, and your plan for the day … order is the place where the behaviour of the world matches our expectations and desires.” And above all, this: “Where everything is certain, we're in order … We like to be there. In order, we're able to think about things in the long term.”
I admit I wasn't really puzzled by Lorrie's tweet: I knew where they were coming from when they said, “Let's hope it isn't.” They were steeling himself, if it were an act of jihadism, for the wave of anger that was sure to include a substratum of #YesAllMuslim types, and countering them, another substratum of “nothing-to-do-with-Islam” types. They were imagining Justin Trudeau lecturing the country on diversity being our strength. They were steeling themselves for news of a hijab attack that, this time, wouldn't be a hoax, that really was directly linked to spillover rage at the attack.
An attack of this magnitude can be much more difficult when it is ideological. It can produce social tension. The debates can be exhausting. A “merely” deranged massacrist can produce social unity — a single, grieving circle of citizens, who will privately experience dread of the chaos the massacre represents. But I will cop to extreme selfishness in saying I would have preferred it this had been an act of jihadism or something else linked to a clear ideology or cause. Because I like to be able to think about things in the long term. I prefer mental order to mental chaos.
• Email: kaybarb@gmail.com | Twitter: BarbaraRKay
Frank Ntilikina is the NBA's second-youngest player, but the 19-year-old is clearly wise beyond their years. Following the New York Knicks' 111-107 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday, the rookie known to some as the French Prince tip-toed around questions about any added excitement about matching up with Lonzo Ball when the Los Angeles Lakers come to Madison Square Garden on Tuesday—albeit while leaving room for some understated praise.
“Every game is a different point guard. Every time is a talented point guard,” Ntilikina said. “I mean, this league is just full of very talented point guards, and [Ball] is one. Every game, I'm going to step on that court with the same approach, and just trying to get that win.”
Ntilikina was one of five point guards taken within the top nine slots in the 2017 NBA Draft. The Knicks' pick at No. 8 came in just ahead of the Dallas Mavericks' Dennis Smith Jr. (No. 9) and behind Markelle Fultz of the Philadelphia 76ers (No. 1), Ball (No. 2) and De'Aaron Fox of the Sacramento Kings (No. 5).
Through 23 games, the former European pro has averaged 5.5 points on 34.8 percent shooting (28.6 percent from three) with 1.9 rebounds, 3.2 assists, 1.4 steals and 2.0 turnovers in 19.7 minutes. So while certain aspects of Zo's game may be lacking on their own, they still look to be ahead of Ntilikina's curve at the moment.
VALOR – Monday, December 11, 2017 at 9pm on CW50 – MISSION IMPOSSIBLE – The Shadow Raiders are sent out on a mission which, if successful, could mean a dire outcome for Nora (Christina Ochoa) and Gallo (Matt Barr). Meanwhile, Jimmy (W Tre Davis) makes a choice that could result in big consequences for both they and Jess (Corbin Reid). Charlie Barnett, Nigel Thatch, and Melissa Roxburgh also star. Kyle Jarrow wrote the episode, directed by Geary McLeod (#109). Original airdate 12/11/2017.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia — A British man received a suspended one-year sentence Tuesday from a Cambodian court that found them guilty of producing pornography by posting photos on social media of sexually suggestive dancing at a party with other foreigners.
Daniel Jones, 31, could be freed Wednesday after serving one month and 22 days in prison, with the rest of their sentence term suspended, said Yin Srang, the Siem Reap provincial court spokesperson. They said Jones may stay in custody if the prosecutor files an appeal within one day.
Ten foreigners — five from the United Kingdom, two from Canada, and one each from Norway, the Netherlands and New Zealand — were detained in late January when police raided the commercially organized party at a rented villa in Siem Reap and found people dancing by a swimming pool. The town in northwestern Cambodia is near the Angkor Wat temple complex that draws millions of tourists.
Police said those detained in the raid had been “dancing pornographically” and offended Cambodian standards of morality. The nine other foreigners were released on bail and deported last month, after which the charges against them were dropped.
In the trial's one day of testimony last Thursday, Jones told the court they did not know the pictures they posted on Facebook would offend Cambodian culture.
“I don't understand about Cambodian law and I am very sorry,” they said. They denied that anyone had sex or used drugs at the Jan. 25 party.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: nydjlive.com
2017-01-02
Edem ‘Ride with me'
Ghanaian rap artist Edem comes in fast with a new wave as they drop the first official single for the year 2017.
Produced by Magnom, Ride With Me features Nigerian singer Seyi Shay.
Listen here:
As per defence officials, at least 11 Pakistan Army officers and soldiers were killed and 13 injured in a suicide blast inside an army unit in Swat district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province on Saturday. The attack happened when soldiers were playing volleyball. The injured soldiers have been shifted to Kabal hospital.
At least 11 Pakistan Army officers and soldiers were killed and 13 others injured in a suicide blast inside an army unit in Swat district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province on Saturday, defence officials said. The Inter-Services Public Relations said in a statement that the attack happened in a sports area of the unit in Kabal town of Swat. The death toll may further increase as several injured were in a critical condition, health officials said. The attack happened when soldiers were playing volleyball. The injured soldiers have been shifted to Kabal hospital.
Outlawed militant group Tehreek-e-Taliban claimed the attack, according to the media reports. Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi has strongly condemned the suicide attack, the Prime Minister's office said. Abbasi said that no cowardly attack can deter Pakistan from pursuing struggle against the menace of terrorism to its logical conclusion. “We will continue our fight till the last trace is rooted out,” they said in a statement. Pakistani security forces had cleared Swat valley in a major operation in 2009. Earlier the Pakistani Taliban militants had a strong influence in most parts of Swat.
On November 24, last year, At least three persons were killed and five injured on Friday in a suicide attack that targeted the vehicle of a senior police official in Pakistan's Peshawar city. On November 9, another senior police official, Deputy Inspector General (Transport and Telecommunications) Hamid Shakeel of Quetta, was killed in a similar attack while on their morning commute to work. Six days later, Superintendent of Police Muhammad Ilyas was shot dead, along with their wife, son and brother, in Quetta. Pakistan launched an operation in the tribal areas in June 2014, in which 3,500 alleged militants have been killed, according to the Army's data, which has not been independently verified. Violence in the country has come down drastically since the campaign began.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Elon Musk first described their idea for a futuristic transportation system that would send passenger pods through tubes at speeds of hundreds of miles an hour back in 2013. At the time, the idea of actually building and operating a so-called “hyperloop” seemed far-fetched, to say the least.
But hyperloops are no longer quite so hypothetical. A handful of firms are now competing to develop the necessary technology. And in addition to designing the magnetically levitated pods and testing them on small-scale tracks, the firms are taking preliminary steps to set up hyperloop routes in the U.S. and abroad.
“It's happening far faster than I would have ever expected, and it's happening all over the world,” said Dr. David Goldsmith, a transportation researcher at Virginia Tech.
One of the biggest players is Musk himself. Their whimsically named Boring Company is planning to dig a hyperloop tunnel that would make it possible to travel from Washington, D.C. to New York City in half an hour (the fastest Amtrak trains make the trip in just under three hours). Meanwhile, a pair of California-based startups, Virgin Hyperloop One and Hyperloop Transportation Technologies, are developing routes in North America, Asia, and Europe.
An electric skate will carry between 8 and 16 passengers. Boring Company
Many engineering and regulatory hurdles must be crossed before the first paying customer boards a hyperloop pod and zooms off down a tube — and not everyone shares Goldsmith's rosy outlook. “I wouldn't plan to take your next vacation on them,” Juan Matute, associate director of the Institute of Transportation Studies at UCLA, said of the pods. “It's going to take a lot of time to get implemented, if they ever are.”
But with roads in many areas badly congested and air travel subject to weather delays, high-speed tube travel sounds appealing to many. In addition to shaving hours off of intercity trips, hyperloops promise to be less polluting than planes and cars. And hyperloop travel could even transform the morning commute, potentially allowing workers to travel comfortably to worksites hundreds of miles away from their homes.
The hyperloop experience
Hyperloop routes would consist of steel tubes roughly 11 feet in diameter that would be positioned on the ground or, in Musk's vision, in underground tunnels. Either way, the routes would have to be picked carefully both to avoid existing infrastructure like roads and buildings and to make sure the routes take no sharp turns that could subject passengers to unpleasant jolts.
NEW YORK — The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
9:50 a.m.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, hit 3 per cent for the first time since January 2014.
The rising yield reflects higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Stocks moved broadly higher in early trading Tuesday as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index rose 3 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,674.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 47 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 11 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 7,139.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury went as high as 3 per cent in early trading before slipping back to 2.99 per cent.
——
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings, but its stock fell 2.2 per cent as the company said spending rose sharply.
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 per cent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda.
The S&P 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,680.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 34 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 7,162.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 per cent.
HUD Sec. Dr. Ben Carson (Source: US Department of Housing and Urban Development)
It's been a while since Dr. Ben Carson has visited south Louisiana, but he's returning to the area Monday.
They actually haven't been in the Capital area since 2015, which was before they were named secretary of the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
During this trip, they are expected to tour Denham Springs housing with Mayor Gerard Landry, Congressman Garret Graves, and US Sen. John Kennedy.
 They are also supposed to hold a news conference at 4:15 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Berlin police are trying to determine the source of 200 rounds of ammunition found in an underground parking lot in the German capital.
Officers were called after a tenant of the building in the western district of Charlottenburg discovered a bag containing the bullets late Sunday.
German news agency dpa reports that police searched the surrounding area with sniffer dogs but found no further ammunition.
Germany is nearing the first anniversary of a terror attack in Berlin in which 12 people were killed by a Tunisian man who drove a stolen truck into a crowded Christmas market. The attack was later claimed by the Islamic State group.
Security officials have said Germany could be the target of further attacks but there are no indications anything specific is planned.
As Garbage celebrate the 20th anniversary reissue and upcoming tour for their 1998 album Version 2.0, bandleader Shirley Manson has penned a poignant essay for the New York Times about how overcoming a struggle with self-harm as a teenager has shaped them as an adult. “I had never heard the phrase ‘self-harm' back then, in the mid-80s in Scotland,” they write. “There were no support groups for people like me or any progressive, sympathetic op-ed pieces about the practice of cutting in my local newspaper.” Feeling isolated, in an unhealthy relationship, and “mad with rage,” they write, at the time “it was a natural, practical step to turn that rage inward, toward myself.”
The urge resurfaced later in life, Manson writes, after finding success with Garbage. “I was suffering from extreme ‘impostor syndrome,' constantly measuring myself against my peers, sincerely believing that they had gotten everything right and I had gotten everything so very wrong,” they write. “Mercifully, most likely because of the rigorous demands of touring and an understanding that cutting myself was not something I really wanted to get back into, I managed to resist the compulsion to harm myself again.”
Manson ends on an uplifting note, saying she's learned that holding tight to their personal values and speaking out for what they believe can help them to “remain vigilant against these old thought patterns.” Read Shirley Manson's full essay here, and if you or someone you know are also struggling with self-harm, reach out to S.A.F.E. Alternatives at 1-800-DONTCUT or visit selfinjury.com.
Atletico Madrid star Antoine Griezmann sees no reason to leave the LaLiga giants and they questioned whether they would be happy in the Premier League.
Griezmann, 25, has been heavily linked with a move to England, with Manchester United seemingly their most likely destination.
The France international said they may consider their future at the end of the season, but they are happy at Atletico for the time being.
"With Real Sociedad, I felt I needed to leave," Griezmann told RMC Sport.
"For now, I don't have this need or that desire. We don't know how the season will end.
"If it ends badly, maybe I'll ask myself the question. For now, it's not relevant."
Along with United, Chelsea are also reportedly interested in signing Griezmann – who finished third in the 2016 Ballon d'Or.
But while Griezmann likes the intensity of the Premier League, they are unsure about the lifestyle in England.
"Afterwards, I wonder where I can leave to. In Spain, there is Barça and Real Madrid," they said.
"Barça has the front three [Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar]. Madrid is impossible because of my club. I believe they have a pact between them.
"Germany, it's not a championship that attracts me. France, not for the moment.
"And England, there are many doubts about my private life. There is rain, bad weather... I need to be happy outside."
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Fire crews were on the scene of a house fire in the Portland neighborhood early Thursday morning.
MetroSafe confirmed that crews were called to a two-story home on Rudd Avenue at 1:17 a.m.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
Firefighters arrived to see heavy smoke and fire coming from the building. MetroSafe confirmed that crews were able to gain control of the fire in 15 minutes.
All that were inside the building were able to escape, MetroSafe said. It is unknown if anyone was injured.
The cause of the fire is unknown.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
ALLENTOWN, Pa. — A Pennsylvania teenager who was missing for almost two weeks along with the 45-year-old man who frequently signed them out of school without their parents' permission was returned home and the man was in custody after the two were found in Mexico, authorities said.
Federal agents and Mexican authorities found 16-year-old Amy Yu and Kevin Esterly in Playa del Carmen on Saturday and they were flown to Miami, authorities said. Police said the girl, who was in good health, arrived on Sunday in Philadelphia and was taken home to Allentown, 60 miles northwest of the city.
Kevin Esterly with their wife Stacey. Courtesy Stacey Esterly
Esterly was awaiting processing in Miami. The married father of four will face a charge of child custody interference when they arrive in Pennsylvania.
The girl's mother, Miu Luu, told Allentown-based newspaper, The Morning Call, that they cried from relief after being told that the pair had been located.
"For two weeks, I've had trouble sleeping and eating," Luu told the paper. "I'm very happy."
They had been missing since March 5, when local police said they bought one-way tickets from Philadelphia to Dallas and then headed to Cancun.
Police said they believed the teen went willingly with Esterly, who signed them out of school 10 times in the last few months. The girl had altered their student records to list Esterly as their stepfather, said Gary Hammer, of the Colonial Regional Police Department. Mexican authorities issued an Amber Alert in the case on Thursday.
Amy's family previously said the two met at church years ago, and the 16-year-old girl is friends with one of Esterly's daughters.
Esterly's wife, Stacy Esterly, said earlier through their lawyer that they and their husband have been fighting constantly since the summer about their relationship with Amy, The Morning Call said.
Them attorney, John Waldron, told the newspaper that their client was "very happy and relieved" to learn that the girl and their husband had been found.
"She wants Amy home with their mom, that is what they have always wanted," Waldron said. "She is glad that Amy is safe and that Kevin is with authorities."
The economy lost 33,000 jobs in the month of September, after hurricanes Harvey and Irma decimated crucial economies in Florida and Texas.
It's the first time since 2010 that the employment market has dipped into the negative — job gains have averaged around 175,000 a month so far this year.
Friday's official data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics confirmed what market watchers had forecast: Back-to-back storms during the month of September meant economists were anticipating — at best — low double digit job gains, with the most optimistic pegging the latest jobs figure at 90,000. Fed Chair Janet Yellen even warned last month that “storm-related disruptions” would “affect economic activity in the near term.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The Economic Impact of Hurricane Harvey 2:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The average hurricane knocks about 50,000 jobs off the market, according to CNBC. And, since jobs data is collected during the week that contains the 12th of the month, September figures captured the tail end of Hurricane Irma as well as the extended impacts of Harvey.
However, the weak September jobs figure is just a temporary blip on the general healthy economic outlook, and is not expected to have any lingering impact.
“Past experience suggests that the storms are unlikely to materially alter the course of the national economy over the medium term,” the Fed noted in its statement last month.
Related: Then Comes the Red Ink: The Cost of Recovery After a Hurricane
In fact, natural disasters are frequently a boon for the economy, with financial stimulus in the form of rebuilding, infrastructure, and consumer spending as residents put their lives back together.
Roger Daltrey, “As Long As I Have You” (Republic Records)
It may seem paradoxical to begin a review of a Roger Daltrey album by mentioning Pete Townshend, but The Who is a vocalist themselves credits their bandmate for encouragement in getting “As Long As I Have You” finished.
“I'd lost confidence in it, due to a long break recovering from meningitis,” Daltrey says in a touching liner note on their first solo record since 1992.
Daltrey has embodied many characters on record, stage and screen — pinball wizard Tommy and real-life reformed criminal John McVicar among them — but he's not the kind of singer whose personality gets lost in the song. Instead, their credibility and authenticity as a vocalist make the tunes their own no matter who wrote them.
Townshend's also plays acoustic guitar and a few electrifying solos on seven of the 11 songs on the album, an exquisitely chosen selection of tunes by Stephen Stills, Parliament, Stevie Wonder, Nick Cave, K.T. Oslin by way of Dusty Springfield and Boz Scaggs, among others.
Daltrey tips their cap to their band and youth by covering a pair of tracks The Who played when they were starting out — the dynamic title song and a Joe Tex ballad, “The Love You Save.”
Both Stills' “How Far” (from the first Manassas album) and Parliament's “Get On Out of the Rain” (aka “Come In Out of the Rain”) could be The Who circa 1972, Daltrey singing with gusto and Townshend's guitar lines providing real lift. Oslin's soulful “Where Is a Man to Go” and Cave's “Into My Arms” are also great.
The end of the album brings a rarity: Daltrey originals. The tender “Certified Rose,” with Stax-like horns, is dedicated to their daughter, while thoughtful closer “Always Heading Home” attains added poignancy in light of their brush with mortality.
Daltrey says he's ready for another Who is a album and this record and their 2014 collaboration with Wilko Johnson show he's still in great form. It would be an amazing journey, Pete.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
By MARTHA WAGGONER
Associated Press
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Because they can't pay $228 in traffic fines, Seti Johnson faces revocation of their North Carolina's driver's license, which means they won't be able to drive to the job they hope to get soon. For Sharee Smoot, the amount keeping them off the road is $648.
In a federal lawsuit filed Wednesday, attorneys for the two say North Carolina's practice of revoking drivers' licenses of people who can't pay their traffic fines and court costs is unconstitutional because it violates the rights to due process and equal protection under the 14th amendment.
"This revocation scheme disproportionately punishes impoverished residents in violation of federal law, taking away crucial means of self-sufficiency and further pushing them into poverty," the motion for a preliminary injunction states.
The lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union, the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Southern Coalition for Social Justice. Torre Jessup, commissioner of the state Division of Motor Vehicles, is named as the defendant.
North Carolina law requires automatic revocation of licenses for nonpayment of a traffic ticket 40 days after a court judgment. The groups are suing because the law doesn't require a hearing to make sure the driver can pay the fine and court costs.
The statements by Smoot and Johnson describe a cycle of fines and attempts to catch up on their debts as they try to hold on to their jobs and support their families.
Last year, Johnson said they paid more than $700 in fines, court costs and late fees on previous tickets. Their driver's license was reinstated, but they fell behind on rent payments and had to move in with their mother.
But before they paid the $700, they were issued another ticket for not paying. They were convicted in April of a lesser crime - failure to notify the Division of Motor Vehicles of an address change - and sentenced to pay a $100 fine and $208 in court costs. They paid $100 that day, but was charged an additional $20 for an installment plan and set-up fee even though the bill says the entire amount is due within 40 days.
They said they doubt he'll be able to pay the remaining debt within 60 days of May 22, as he's required to do to keep their license.
"I value taking care of my responsibilities," they write . "But that is hard to do when I am required to pay hundreds of dollars in fines and court costs and my driver's license is revoked when I do not have the money to pay. ... No one should have to live with the burden of their license revoked because they cannot pay off their traffic tickets."
Smoot writes that they were making $9 an hour while working at a group home when was sentenced to pay $308 for driving while their license was revoked in 2016. They were assessed a $50 late fee for not paying within 40 days.
They and their 9-year-old daughter moved in with their grandmother in 2017 to save money. Smoot said they stopped attending school part-time at the University of North Carolina Charlotte because they couldn't afford it.
In 2017, they were issued another ticket for driving while their license was revoked and ordered to pay $235. That grew to $285 with a late fee; an order for their arrest was issued for not paying the fines, and they were charged a $5 arrest fee.
They said their car was repossessed, and they lost their job because they didn't have transportation to work.
"I have been forced to make the difficult choice of staying home, losing my job and not being able to take care of necessities for me, my daughter, and my grandmother, whose I also pay, or continuing to drive illegally and risk more punishment," they write.
A spokesperson for the state Transportation Department, which oversees the state Division of Motor Vehicles, said Wednesday that officials are reviewing the lawsuit.
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mjwaggonernc .
___
This story has been corrected to show an order was issued for Smoot's arrest instead that they were arrested
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Will Russia's involvement in Syria end up burning its ties with Israel? – Yahoo News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EMBED >More News Videos Golden State Warriors Coach Steve Kerr was full of emotion as they remembered Spurs Coach Gregg Popovich's wife as a friend and someone who's been "courageously fighting a battle with some health issues over the last few years."
The Warriors are back home and will try to close out their series against the Spurs tonight, in Game Five of the first round of the NBA playoffs.Golden State is looking to bounce back after losing Game 4 in San Antonio.Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich will not be on the sideline for the third straight game, after their wife passed away last week.Tip off at Oracle Arena is at 7:30 p.m.
The Town of Trumbull will hold a free Eggstravaganza Egg Hunt on Saturday, March 31, at 11a.m. For ages 11 and under.
Meet the Easter Bunny. Bring your own basket. Food trucks will have food for purchase.
RSVP required by Monday, March 26, including the age of each participant to Mary: [email protected]; 250 maximum participants.
Trumbull Helps will be collecting for the Trumbull Food Pantry and are asking for donations of non-perishable items.
The number of building permits issued this April compared to last April was up by 14.4%, data released by the Cyprus Statistical Service show. At the same time, an increase of 6.6% is recorded during the first four months of this year.
The number of building permits issued by local authorities this April was 469, compared to 410 in April 2017, recording an increase of 14.4%. The total value of these permits was up by €17 million reaching €105.6 million compared to €89.6 million in April last year.
The total area of the properties reached 101,500 square metres compared to 87,600 square metres last April.
The permits issued this April concern the construction of 418 residential units compared to 289 last April. During the period of January – April 2018, 1,984 building permits were issued compared to 1,861 in the same period of 2017, recording an increase of 6.6%.
The total value of these permits was up by 27.5% and their total area by 24.5%. The number of residential units to be built was up by 22.3%.
Building permits constitute an important indicator for future activity in the building sector, the Statistical Service says.
By Tom Schlichter
Trophy Spring Stripers On The Jersey Coast
Many anglers think of fall as “striper season,” but there are instances throughout the spring and summer when your odds of catching a truly big cow are actually better.
“That's exactly the case with the May striper fishery out of Barnegat Inlet, New Jersey,” said Capt. Dave DeGennaro of the Waretown charter vessel Hi Flier (www.hiflier.com). “We have a 13-mile stretch of ocean between the inlet and Lavallette that gives up a ton of 30- to 50-pound bass this time of year. It's reliable trophy action and a lot different than you might imagine.”
Indeed, it is. Stripers here generally set up in 50- to 65-foot depths paralleling Long Beach Island State Park. Rather than stalk baitfish schools, the big fish spread out. In response, sharp skippers troll to cover more water.
“The bottom here is mundane; no real structure, no drop-offs,” said DeGennaro. “It lacks character in terms of bass cover so we use bunker spoons to target these cows. Every ten minutes, we'll mark a big fish on our electronics, but that single scratch often translates into a vicious strike. ”
No one seems sure why the linesiders favor this bland stretch, but no one is complaining, either. Captains that can troll big spoons effectively rarely get shut out and most work up two to five trophy fish per half-day trip. Some days, the action is considerably better.
“I put out a pair of Tony Maja E-Z Out-Rodders and 8-foot rods with soft tips,” explained DeGennaro, who pursues these fish aboard a World Cat 25CC catamaran with twin 150 Suzuki Four Stroke engines. “With the rods at a 90-degree angle to the water, there's not much upward pressure on the spoons, so they'll run deep without a drail. My favorite offering is #4 Tony Maja (www.tonymajaproducts.com) in white or chartreuse split (half chartreuse, half green). It has a great slow-roll action stripers can't resist. It comes with an 8-ounce keel weight you can swap out for 12 ounces to help keep the spoon riding down near the bottom.”
DeGennaro uses 80-pound-test, high-visibility Dacron for backing, 300 feet of 40-pound Monel wire, and 30 feet of 60-pound test High Seas Quattro monofilament. They attach the spoon with a Rosco #56, 150-pound Duo-Lock Snap. Don't use a snap swivel, they caution, it hurts the spoon's action.
Catches during this big bass bonanza are best on moving water, so concentrate your efforts when the current pushes hardest. Trolling speed varies between 2.5 knots and 3.5 knots. Your spoons are working right when the rod tips are pumping hardest.
“These are big, beautiful fish,” said DeGennaro, “but keep in mind they are breeders. It's okay to toss some of the big girls back.”
Barnegat Inlet is easily accessible via Barnegat Bay, from Beach Haven from the south or Manasquan to the north. Holiday Harbor Marina (www.holidayharbormarinanj.com) and Long Key Marina (www.longkeymarina.com) in Waretown are full service operations that accommodate transients. For lodging, check out the Holiday Inn in Manahawkin, N.J.
SAN FRANCISCO — As tech companies work to increase the diversity of their ranks, a 10-page document allegedly written by a Google engineer — purporting to explain why more women aren't engineers — is adding fresh fuel to the fiery debate around gender bias in Silicon Valley.
Given the nickname the "Google Manifesto" by people online, the author, who was allegedly an engineer at Google, claims women don't handle stress as well as men so they aren't suited to demanding jobs. They also cite biological reasons for the disparity.
"I am just kind of tired of it," said Cate Huston, a former Google engineer. "These things keep happening and the details change but the substantive portion of it is that women shouldn't be engineers and we aren't welcome."
The document, which was first reported by Motherboard and published in full by Gizmodo over the weekend, comes as Silicon Valley is grappling with how to fix its bro culture after a number of headline-grabbing stories this year.
A bicyclist rides past a sign at the Google headquarters March 10, 2010 in Mountain View, California. file Justin Sullivan / Getty Images file
"I strongly believe in gender and racial diversity, and I think we should strive for more. However, to achieve a more equal gender and race representation, Google has created several discriminatory practices: Programs, mentoring, and classes only for people with a certain gender or race, a high priority queue and special treatment for 'diversity' candidates, hiring practices which can effectively lower the bar for 'diversity' candidates by decreasing the false negative rate," the author wrote.
There were reports (Bloomberg) Monday night (Recode) that the author was fired, but NBC News could not independently confirm them.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai sent an email to Google employees Monday night with the subject "Our words matter" and said they were cutting their vacation short to hold a town hall on the subject later this week.
They said the controversial memo violates the company's code of conduct and crosses a line by "advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace. ... To suggest a group of our colleagues have traits that make them less biologically suited to that work is offensive and not OK."
Pichai added that certain employees shouldn't have to worry or feel judged when they speak at meetings.
But they also made clear that Google fosters an environment that encourages expression, and those with a minority viewpoint can't be discounted. In general, "it remains our policy to not take action against anyone for prompting these discussions," they said, adding: "I'd encourage each of you to make an effort over the coming days to reach out to those who might have different perspectives from your own. I will be doing the same."
The tech industry has long been a predominantly white male sector and it's something many companies are making a more conscious effort to change by hiring a more diverse workforce — with the potential to increase the number of women and minorities in technical and leadership positions.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Recode' Editor: Google Employee's Anti-Women Memo Hurts Tech Industry 3:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Overall, Google's workforce is 69 percent male, 31 percent female. When it comes to technical positions, the gender breakdown is even more skewed, with just 20 percent of technical jobs being filled by women. Google's diversity report notes they're making progress in hiring more women for tech jobs, marking a 1 percent increase from the previous year.
By comparison, 23 percent of Apple's technical roles are filled by women. At Facebook, 17 percent of those jobs are done by women.
"Diversity and inclusion are a fundamental part of our values and the culture we continue to cultivate. We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity and inclusion are critical to our success as a company, and we'll continue to stand for that and be committed to it for the long haul," Danielle Brown, who started as Google's chief diversity officer a few weeks ago, wrote in an email to employees. They declined to link to the manifesto since it "advanced incorrect assumptions about gender."
Alaina Percival, CEO of Women Who Code, a San Francisco organization helping women succeed in technology jobs, said women in tech have been hearing comments like this ever since the industry boomed.
"This definitely comes about. It's not always so blatant," they said.
"It's sad," they said of the Google Manifesto. "It feels like a step back when we have seen so many steps forward but it is highlighting the view of an individual and group of people that gives us the opportunity to address this view directly, because it is being stated so directly."
Huston feels the same way.
"I think it exists everywhere, right?" they said. "There are people who want things to change and there are people who want things to stay the same. And the people who want things to stay the same are invested in justifying why things are the way they are."
Related: Silicon Valley Grapples With How to Fix a Sexist Culture
While Google is at least showing measurable progress by hiring more women in technical roles, Google is also hitting back at allegations from the U.S. Department of Labor that it did not fairly pay some female employees. The allegations stem from a January lawsuit in which the Department of Labor asked Google to hand over compensation data.
In an April blog post, Eileen Naughton, vice president of people operations at Google, wrote the company was "quite surprised" at the allegations and that they came "without any supporting data or methodology."
But even with women thriving in engineering positions, the work environment in the largely male-dominated field has at times, been hostile to women.
Susan Fowler, a former engineer at Uber, reflected on their "very, very strange" year at Uber in a blog post, where they said they were propositioned for sex on their first day on the job, was repeatedly blocked from advancement and found Uber's human resources department unwilling to take action on sexual harassment claims they and other female employees filed.
Fowler's blog was the catalyst for change at Uber, with the company ordering two independent investigations into its workplace culture and allegations of harassment. The reports led to at least 20 firings and ultimately, the departure of CEO Travis Kalanick.
"I can't help laughing at this Googler's misogynist manifesto because it reminds me of what one female Uber HR rep told me," Fowler tweeted on Monday. "She told me that, in their experience, there were more Asian women in accounting because Asian women are just really good with numbers. Likewise, they said, there were more white men in engineering because white men were simply more suited for engineering than others!"
Uber — which is searching for a new CEO — can't even seem to entice a top female candidate to keep their name in contention.
Meg Whitman, CEO of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, withdrew their name from the list last month. Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook's COO, was rumored to be a top choice early on; however, a source close to Sandberg told NBC News in June that they are definitely staying at Facebook.
(3/3) We have a lot of work still to do at HPE and I am not going anywhere. Uber's CEO will not be Meg Whitman. — Meg Whitman (@MegWhitman) July 28, 2017
But it doesn't just stop at Uber.
"It's interesting because I think one of the issues around Silicon Valley is it's supposed to be this tolerant and open-minded place and — just like the rest of the world — there are problems with sexism. There are problems with racism. There are all kinds of problems that had not been paid attention to," said technology journalist and co-founder of Recode Kara Swisher.
Many female founders — fed up with bad behavior — began sharing their experiences of being harassed by some male venture capitalists. Those stories led some big names in the tech investment community to resign from their positions.
Sexual harassment is pervasive, with one survey earlier this year reporting 60 percent of women in tech saying they had received unwanted sexual advances. Called "Elephant in the Valley," the survey included over 200 women with at least 10 years of experience working in technology.
"It's really corrosive to the strides we're making in diversity," said Jocelyn DeGance Graham, founder of Cloud-NOW.org, a Silicon Valley nonprofit championing women in tech.
While Graham — and plenty of other people in the tech community — don't agree with the Google Manifesto author's message, they said she's happy about one thing: we're talking about it.
Percival agrees.
"As organizations become more diverse and women are better represented, it's going to make something that is already good — the tech industry — and even better place," they said.
Alyssa Newcomb reported from San Francisco and Jo Ling Kent reported from Los Angeles.
Golfers conclude regular season
CARLINVILLE (Oct. 5, 2017) – The regular season for boys and girls golf concluded Thursday afternoon with a meet at Carlinville Country Club.
In girls play, the Cavaliers lost a tight battle against Carrollton. The Hawks shot a 204 to the Cavaliers 208. Carlinville is 12-7 in dual play this season.
CHS' Ali Hurley was still the medalist, shooting a round of 46. Sydney Cania followed with a 53; Karli McCaherty 54; Elsa Mefford 55; Macy Walker 57 and Cara Emery 59.
On the boys side, Payton Jamieson led Carlinville with a 45; Jay Rosentreter 50; Tom Sanson 52; Ryan Haschmeyer 58; Reagan Kulenkamp 61; and Gabe Green 64.
The Cavaliers finished 6-25 in duals shooting a team score of 205. Hillsboro had a 175 and Carrollton a 188, led by Robinson, the medalist of the meet with a 40. East Alton-Wood River finished with a 218.
Regional play for the boys team was Tuesday at Fox Prairie Golf Course in Windsor. The girls golf regionals are Oct. 4 at Lincoln Greens in Springfield.
LAS VEGAS — Bradley Cooper has unveiled the first trailer for their directorial debut “A Star is Born” for CinemaCon attendees Tuesday evening to hearty applause.
Cooper stars in their remake of “A Star Is Born” alongside Lady Gaga as a burgeoning singer. They say their co-star is a revelation in the film.
Cooper told the audience of theatre owners and exhibitors that they know that this movie is a big swing, but says you can't control what moves you.
“A Star is Born” is three years in the making, and features live-singing on real stages at festivals like Glastonbury and Coachella.
It hits theatres on Oct. 5.
A South Tyneside school is celebrating being dubbed world class.
Staff and students at Whitburn Church of England Academy are thrilled to have been awarded the World Class Schools Quality Mark Award.
I am absolutely delighted and extremely proud of our wonderful students on this fantastic achievement Jean Mulley
The school received the award at a ceremony at Cambridge University, becoming one of only 60 schools in England to gain World Class designation.
Six Year 13 students, Robyn Wilson, Dominic Corr, Callan Matthews, Hannah Buchanan, Jerin Juby and Matthew Laverick, who were involved in the assessment process, accepted the award on behalf of the school.
The award is unique as it is the students who are assessed, rather than the school itself.
This is based on the idea that if the school is truly world class, then its students should be able to demonstrate this in whatever context they find themselves.
Students are assessed against a skills and competency framework unique to World Class, because it measures young people's readiness for the world of work and life in 21st Century society.
Alan Hardie, principal at Whitburn CE Academy, said: “Gaining the World Class Schools Quality Mark is a huge achievement for our students. I am delighted that Callan, Dominic, Hannah, Jerin, Matthew and Robyn, were able to represent all of our students at the event.
“They've demonstrated through the very rigorous selection processes that they've developed World Class knowledge, skills and confidence during their time at Whitburn.
“We are very grateful to Paul Mackings, a former pupil who has attained great success in the world of business, for their very kind donation towards the cost of travel and accommodation. This allowed us to take six students to the award event, giving them a fantastic opportunity to visit a world leading university.”
Jean Mulley, chairperson of governors at the school, said: “I am absolutely delighted and extremely proud of our wonderful students on this fantastic achievement.
“To have achieved World Class status is such an honour and to have achieved this accolade purely by their own merits is even more of a distinction.
“The educational environment we foster at Whitburn Church of England Academy has provided these students with the ability and confidence to take their place on this world class platform. We are all extremely proud of them.”
Miranda Perry, director of World Class Schools Quality Mark, said: “The calibre of the students this year was extra-ordinary. Their skills of collaboration, diplomacy, resilience and tenacity were second to none. These are incredible young people, to whom I would trust our future.”
Former student, Paul Mackings, said: “I was inspired by the success of the students it's such a great achievement, I'm honoured as a former pupil to see Whitburn on the world educational map and it makes me feel immensely proud of the staff and the students.”
Tucker Carlson ROASTS Smug Washington Post Reporter: “You're a Political Hack”
Tucker Carlson has made a name for themselves roasting liberals on Fox News, and their latest victim is a reporter for the Washington Post. Carlson took aim at Wemple for their media bias, telling them that they were nothing more than a political hack parading as a “media critic”.
Carlson started off the interview with a critique of the Washington Post. “The Washington Post for years many years has literally carried paid propaganda from the Russian government — a section called Russia behind the headlines,” Carlson pointed out. “It looks like newsprint. It's designed to fool readers into thinking it's real, and it's pure propaganda paid for — distributed by — the Russian government. … Why have you never written about that? How can you attack others when you don't note that your own paper makes money from taking propaganda from the Russian government?”
Wemple, clearly unprepared for the question, first said that it was a good question, but then argued that other papers also run similar inserts. Then why does Wemple attack other media outlets, like Politico, for running those inserts? “In case after case you fail to cover your own paper running fake or misleading things,” Carlson said, pointing out numerous falsehoods and inaccuracies.
They gave as an example an inaccurate story claiming Russia had hacked into the power grid. Wemple wrote about it, but they didn't speak to the reporters on the story. “You could interview the reporters who wrote the story,” Carlson said. “And then you end with this: ‘The missteps mar an otherwise spectacular run for The Post.' Now when you write something that brown-nosey, do you feel guilt?”
“Do you feel like you're doing your job as a hard-hitting reporter?” Carlson added.
The onslaught from Carlson was so strong, that Wemple was barely able to get a word in edgewise. That was a smackdown that they clearly did not see coming!
NEW MIDDLETOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – WYTV Daybreak reporter Dan Marcel takes the Daybreak Nation to Springfield High School to preview Week 7's Game of the Week.
With just a month left in the regular season, local football teams are already fighting for their playoff lives.
Tonight's game will be against the Springfield Tigers and Western Reserve Blue Devils.
The Blue Devils have rolled off four straight wins, averaging 51 points per game, while the Tigers come to tonight's game with a bit of a hot streak, winning nine of their past 10 games.
It is stars that affect planets, for the most part, and not the other way around. But researchers now claim to have found the first example of stellar pulsations caused by an exoplanet. The star HAT-P-2 is emitting visible pulses that seem to be a result of a particularly large exoplanet in a highly eccentric orbit.
HAT-P-2 is about 400 light years away in the constellation Hercules. It's what is known as an class F star, which has a yellow-white hue. This star in particular is a bit larger and hotter than our sun. HAT-P-2b is one of the largest exoplanets ever discovered, with a mass more than eight times that of Jupiter. The highly eccentric orbit of HAT-P-2b is what attracted MIT researcher Julien de Wit to study it more closely.
HAT-P-2b has an extremely quick orbit of around five and a half Earth days. It gets close to the star at one end of the orbit, absorbing a great deal of energy before moving farther out. The MIT team originally wanted to generate a map of how that energy is circulated in the exoplanet's atmosphere, which could offer clues to its atmospheric composition. What they found was quite unusual.
The team acquired 350 hours of observational data between July 2011 and November 2015 of HAT-P-2 via the Spitzer Space Telescope. Analysis showed the star's brightness oscillated slightly every 87 minutes. The vibration has harmonics matching multiples of the planet's orbital frequency. That indicates the two are linked and HAT-P-2b might actually be massive enough to affect the behavior of its parent star.
The first order of business after detecting this signal was to make sure it wasn't a flaw in Spitzer's measurements. The team modeled various instrumental effects that could cause similar apparent vibrations in observational data, but none of them could have produced the same pulsations the team spotted. That left the exoplanet as the culprit. However, that doesn't mean we know how HAT-P-2b is doing it.
The team has a number of hypotheses that might explain the data. The gravity of HAT-P-2b might simply distort the upper atmosphere of the star on every pass, causing repeating patterns of flairs. Some stars also pulse naturally, and it could be that HAT-P-2 is nearly in that state. The gravitational effects of HAT-P-2b could be pushing the star into a pulsating phase on a regular schedule. More study is needed to figure it all out, but it could improve our understanding of how planets and stars interact. We might even be able to find more exoplanets by better understanding what's going on here.
Spanish officials say police have arrested 39 people in an international operation against a major network that distributed child pornography material via the popular online chat application WhatsApp.
A police statement Tuesday said the network operated some 100 chat groups with 135 identified users in 18 countries in Europe, Central and South America.
The statement said 17 people were arrested in Spain, with other detentions made in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Germany, Guatemala, Italy, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru and Portugal.
The operation was carried out in coordination with Interpol and Europol.
Spanish police said files retrieved contained abusive and brutal treatment of children up to 8 years of age.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
(WFLA) — American Girl is launching two new doll sets this week and one is actually a boy doll.
Their name is “Logan Everett” and he's American Girl's very first boy character doll.
He's a drummer and their accessory is a drum set. Their story has them playing alongside their female singer-songwriter friend “Tenney Grant,” who's also a new character.
Both dolls will be released this Thursday.
American Girl said it plans to launch a wide range of dolls this year. The company said many of the dolls will embrace diverse backgrounds, experiences and personalities.
Follow WFLA News Channel 8's Lila Gross for more trending and digital news.
The arrests spurred protests against Starbucks and the Philadelphia police, as well as calls for the city's coffee drinkers to support small, black-owned coffee shops instead. Franny Lou's customers shared stories on social media about how Kind offered a "safe space"; one patron left a handwritten note: "I'd rather give my coins to Blew & crew than racist Starbucks."
Now, as Starbucks plans to close more than 8,000 locations across the country on Tuesday afternoon for "racial-bias education" for the staff — which could cost the Seattle-based coffee chain an estimated $12 million in revenue — owners of small coffee shops from Philadelphia to Sacramento, California, see both a financial opportunity and a chance to emphasize their value to the community. On the same day, Kind and other black owners of Philadelphia coffee shops will take part in a roundtable discussion at Amalgam Comics & Coffeehouse to promote inclusivity and racial justice.
They said the arrests at the Starbucks in Rittenhouse Square, a high-income area downtown, got their employees and customers talking. Many were indignant but not surprised that this had happened in Philadelphia, where police have been criticized for disproportionately stopping and frisking black residents.
Kind, who once worked for Starbucks, decided to open their own business eight years ago to change a mindset among some African-Americans that coffee houses are a "white culture."
At Franny Lou's, named in honor of the abolitionist Frances E.W. Harper and the civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer, shelves are stacked with books on African folktales, on the speeches of Malcolm X and on black women's hairstyles. Lattes include the "Cesar Chavez," flavored with cocoa and spice, and the "Angela Davis," a lavender white mocha. In June, a chef will take over the coffee shop for an "End Mass Incarceration Dinner."
Barista Donnell Powell prepares a Vietnamese coffee at Franny Lou's Porch in Philadelphia. Idris Talib Solomon / for NBC News
Phoenix Mystique, a black entrepreneur and singer, said they were drawn to Franny Lou's by the mix of young families and longtime residents. She's grateful to Kind for allowing them to host an artists' series in the space called "Grown Folks Music."
"It's an environment of love," said Mystique, 35. "I have friends who don't go to Rittenhouse Square because they don't like the elitist vibe. This is a breath of fresh air on so many levels."
Kind sees it as part of their job to defuse tense situations and respond to customers without judgment. Once, when a man high on drugs tried to fish money from the employee tip jar — so sluggishly that they appeared to be acting in slow motion — Kind responded with laughter, not a 911 call.
Only once did they become so fearful that they called police: A man who was harassing them became violent and threw a chair.
"How you spend your money does matter," Kind said. "Do you want to spend your dollars at a place where you can feel safe or a place where they're going to call the police on you?"
As video of the Starbucks arrest went viral last month, the hashtag #ReplaceStarbucks became a way for people on social media to share their positive experiences at smaller coffee houses, many black- and minority-owned. Cafes from Durham, North Carolina, to Oakland, California, reportedly benefited from a jump in sales. In response to the controversy, Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney apologized for the "trauma of racial profiling," and Starbucks overhauled its policies, allowing anyone to use its bathrooms without making a purchase as long as they act responsibly. The company also agreed to a confidential financial settlement with the men and asked for their input on diversity and equity efforts.
At Tiferet Coffee House, which has three stores in Sacramento, owners Sabrina and Makeda Berhane, who are sisters, said they saw a "trickle-down effect" of new customers last month that turned into repeat business. With a relaxed vibe and locally roasted coffee, it's the type of place where a young man, a regular, did most of their studying for the bar exam and then brought in Champagne to celebrate when they passed.
Sabrina Berhane said the recent community support for Tiferet Coffee House didn't happen only as a result of it being black-owned, but also because they and their sister are serious about "treating people with kindness and respect," they said.
Jayson McCoy, a barista at Quaker City Coffee, tends to a customer. Idris Talib Solomon / for NBC News
Among the staff at Quaker City Coffee, a mile away from Rittenhouse Square, the arrests last month at Starbucks were a big topic of conversation. The coffee shop is a for-profit venture that aims to hire workers who are recently out of prison.
Jayson McCoy, 21, who grew up around drugs and gangs in West Philadelphia, spent a year in jail for charges including aggravated assault. At Quaker City Coffee, he's learned to distinguish coffee roasts and to top lattes with the perfect milky heart.
Because of their criminal record, McCoy is certain that if they wanted to become a barista elsewhere, they would not be given the chance. When they learned about the arrests of two black men at Starbucks, it was a moment of clarity about their job at Quaker City — this is a place where they are accepted.
"My hair the way it is. Tattoos," McCoy said, showing off the ink on their arm. "But you can't judge a book by its cover."
That's a message co-owners Bob Logue, who is white, and Christian Dennis, who is black and spent time in prison, wish were more universally accepted. They've been disheartened not just by the behavior of the white Starbucks manager but also by former customers, about half of whom have taken their business elsewhere since May 2017, when Quaker City Coffee rebranded and first hired three re-entry employees.
It is now three clean sheets in a row for Wales with Crystal Palace goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey between the sticks.
The Eagles shot-stopper helped Chris Coleman's side to a crucial 1-0 win in Georgia tonight (Friday) to keep alive Welsh hopes of a place at next summer's World Cup in Russia.
Tom Lawrence netted the only goal of the game for Coleman's side, who needed to win in Tbilisi to keep their dream of reaching a first World Cup in 60 years alive.
The Derby winger scored a stunning strike to settle the contest, while Hennessey made a vital save from close range to keep the hosts at bay and preserve a clean sheet for their side.
Former Palace man Joe Ledley also featured for Wales in the win, while Eagles midfielder Jonny Williams, who is currently on loan at Sunderland, was an unused substitute.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica — Costa Ricans vote Sunday in a presidential race that has been turned on its ear by an international court ruling saying the country should let same-sex couples get married.
Evangelical candidate Fabricio Alvarado recently vaulted into first place in the polls after they took a strong stance against gay marriage, which about two-thirds of Costa Ricans also oppose.
Their closest rivals are agri-business person Antonio Alvarez of the opposition National Liberation Party and Carlos Alvarado of the governing Citizens' Action Party.
A recent survey showed that more than a third of likely voters were undecided. If no candidate gets 40 per cent or more, the top two finishers advance to an April 1 runoff.
The January decision by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights has come to play a central role in the campaign. It also ordered the country to grant same-sex couples rights such the ability to inherit estates and adopt children.
Political analyst Francisco Barahona told The Associated Press that it came as an “external shock” for Costa Rica, a majority Roman Catholic nation.
Fabricio Alvarado, a 43-year-old journalist, preacher and Christian singer, called the ruling a “sovereign violation” and saw their support balloon in the polls as socially conservative voters gravitated to that message.
Carlos Alvarado — no relation — is the only major candidate to openly back gay marriage and has picked up some support recently from socially liberal voters. A 38-year-old also trained as a journalist, they got their start in politics as communications director for Citizens' Action and also was labour minister under current President Luis Guillermo Solis.
Alvarez, a two-time president of the Legislative Assembly and a Cabinet minister under the first presidency of Oscar Arias in 1986-1990, says they oppose gay marriage but backs recognizing certain other rights for gay couples.
Voters will also be selecting the 57 delegates that make up the Assembly.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Federal health officials strengthened their warnings about travel to Brazil on Friday, saying anyone planning to travel there needs to get a yellow fever vaccine.
An outbreak of yellow fever among monkeys has worsened and spread, and 10 travelers have caught the virus, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
Four of them died, including two people from Chile, one from Switzerland and one from Germany.
“None of the 10 travelers had received yellow fever vaccination,” the CDC said.
The CDC has been warning about yellow fever in Brazil for more than a year but said the outbreak is even worse than before, affecting areas that usually don't see yellow fever.
“There is an expanding number of hotspots in Brazil where yellow fever is being transmitted,” said Dr. Marty Cetron, director of CDC's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine.
At least three of the infected travelers appear to have caught the virus on Ilha Grande, a popular island tourist destination right off Rio de Janeiro.
“In light of the expanding outbreak, we encourage travelers to take the extra time and extra steps in order to be vaccinated,” Cetron told reporters in a telephone briefing.
Yellow fever is a relative of the dengue and Zika viruses, but is far deadlier. Most people don't even know they are infected, but 15 percent can develop serious illness and as many as 60 percent of those who do get severely ill will die.
It's carried by mosquitoes — both the Aedes aegypti mosquitoes that spread dengue and Zika — and also by jungle-dwelling Haemagogus mosquitoes.
"I would not want to take a trip down there now without a vaccine." "I would not want to take a trip down there now without a vaccine."
There are vaccines that protect against yellow fever, but the U.S.-made vaccine is not available. The federal government has imported a French-made vaccine but it can be hard to find, the CDC said.
Since last July, 409 yellow fever cases have been confirmed in Brazil and 118 people have died, the World Health Organization says.
People planning to travel to Brazil need to take the time to find and get it before they go, Cetron said.
“We know this has been and will continue to be inconvenient for some travelers,” they told reporters.
CDC has a tool for finding vaccines on its yellow fever website.
The CDC says 2.2 million people travel from Brazil to the U.S. each year. The agency is alerting doctors and clinics to think yellow fever if they see patients with fevers who have recently been to Brazil.
There's a small potential for travelers to carry yellow fever to the U.S.
“It can spread from person to mosquito,” said Dr. Lyle Petersen, who heads CDC's Division of Vector-Borne Diseases. “That is what we fear could potentially happen.”
The last time yellow fever spread in the U.S. was 100 years ago, Petersen said. “We are not too worried about yellow fever being transmitted in the United States,” they added.
That's because even though parts of the southern U.S. are home to Aedes mosquitoes that can spread yellow fever, the odds of someone coming back infected and spreading the virus to a local mosquito are low.
“We do have the Aedes aegypti mosquito here in the United States,” Petersen said. “There is a small potential for some local transmission. We think it's a low risk,” they added.
“We learned that from Zika. Thousands of people came to the U.S. with Zika, which is carried by the same mosquito, and we only saw small pockets of local transmission in southern Texas and in the Miami area.”
But Brazil is a different story. The mosquitoes are more common there and the virus circulates among monkeys in the forests.
“Monkeys were dying off in the parks and forested areas right on the outskirts of São Paulo city,” Cetron said. “It wouldn't be very hard to walk to an area where there is this forest-related transmission. I would not want to take a trip down there now without a vaccine."
The secret is officially out: Apple is taking on Amazon and Google with its own smart speaker, called the HomePod.
The $349 speaker made its debut at Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California on Monday. It will ship later this year.
While the Google Home and Amazon Echo focus on being smart assistants, Apple has put the emphasis on the quality of sound. Siri will also of course be baked into the speaker, letting users get quick help by saying, "Hey Siri."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Apple Introduces HomePod, Takes On Amazon, Google 1:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Aside from the new speaker, Apple also took the opportunity to announce new iPad Pros, an iMac Pro and iMac updates. Since the conference is focused on developers — the people who make your favorite apps — Apple also showed what software updates it has in store for later this year.
Perhaps the biggest one will be coming to your iPhone and iPad with iOS 11.
While Apple radically redesigned the messaging experience in iOS 10, the next update will focus on improving on those core technologies and features.
Siri has taken acting lessons and now delivers their or their lines with a little more human-like inflection.
Through “on-device learning,” Siri can also suggest items that may be of interest to you. If you've been Googling flights to Reykjavik, it might suggest an article about Iceland. Apple says the feature is entirely private and only stays on a user's device.
Apple CEO Tim Cook delivers the opening keynote address the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) at the San Jose Convention Center on June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California. Cook kicked off the five-day WWDC that runs through June 9. Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
Apple Maps is adding floor plans of malls and airports, making it easier to plan ahead. Improved navigation features can also suggest lanes when you're driving, so there's no more last minute lane switching in order to make your turn.
And speaking of driving, Apple is also adding a “do not disturb” feature for when you're in your car, keeping you focused on the road. Users can also decide if there are some people who should be able to “break through” the mode, in the event there's an important message.
Related: This App Is Changing the Way Hollywood Makes Your Favorite Shows
A redesigned control center will also allow you to easily change settings and switch your music, all in one place.
And if you aren't already, you may soon be paying with your mobile phone.
Apple Pay is making a play in the peer-to-peer payments space. With iOS 11, you'll be able to send a friend cash in iMessage. The move positions Apple to compete with popular payments apps such as Square Cash and Venmo.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed At Apple WWDC 2017, A New Siri Voice Is Revealed 2:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The money can be stored on a virtual card and used with Apple Pay, which Apple expects will be accepted in 50 percent of U.S. retailers by the end of the year.
Apple will roll out the free update sometime this fall.
Apple also shared the latest version of watchOS4, which continues to put the emphasis on the Apple Watch as a fitness device.
Expect a new Siri face that will proactively give you information, a flashlight that can be used as a safety light if you're running at night, and new high intensity interval training workouts, among other features.
The new macOS High Sierra will also be rolled out later this year, offering a smart photos feature to make it easier to find what you're looking for. The new features earning the most applause from the audience, however were the ability to block videos from automatically playing in Safari and intelligent tracking prevention, essentially stopping those pesky targeted ads from following you around the internet.
By Mary Beth Storjohann via Iris.xyz With your focus on building your down payment fund and figuring out what your mortgage payment will be, it's easy to overlook some of the smaller fees that come along with a home purchase. Here are eight and what they could cost you. Click here to read the full story…Click to read more at ETFtrends.com.
Continue Reading Below
Why it matters to you Thanks to remote recharging stations that greatly increase their range, SkyX drones will be able to monitor infrastructures more efficiently.
Drones built by Canadian company SkyX may never have to return home now that the company has developed xStation, a remote recharging platform that allows drones to hop from station to station while working out in the field. These stations could give the drones a near-indefinite range, as New Atlas points out.
The new recharging stations are intended to be used with SkyX's SkyOne unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), which take off like a helicopter and fly like a plane. These autonomous VTOLs (short for vertical takeoff and landing) are used for long-range infrastructure monitoring, particularly pipelines in the oil and gas industries.
SkyOne already boasts an impressive range of 62 miles on a single charge, but that range is quickly limited if the drone has to turn around halfway and return to base to recharge.
With xStation, SkyX hopes to keep its drones in action indefinitely, hopping from intermittently placed platforms out in the field. The company has fitted its drones with a custom operating system that monitors its battery level and directs it to the nearest charging station when charging levels are low.
At the xStation, the SkyOne drone slides in for a soft landing before a canopy closes to protect it from the elements during charging. SkyX says its platforms have been built to last, with an estimated life span of 10 years in the field.
Drones are finding more and more applications beyond fun for hobbyists and better angles for photographers. Organizations like the Lindbergh Foundation have plans to deploy UAVs to help fight illegal poaching, while conservationists in Tanzania have used hobby drones to scare elephants away from problem areas. Meanwhile, farmers in Japan have tested the Yamaha RMAX as a crop duster.
After the completion of what it calls a “massive project,” SkyX says it plans to start installing xStations for clients in July.
NBTE/NIPOSSGA Games: 22 teams jostle for football glory
The games which started on April 21 will run till April 28 which will be the final for football.
The post NBTE/NIPOSSGA Games: 22 teams jostle for football glory appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pelham is taking matters into its own hands to clear the record regarding its finances, while awaiting Niagara Region's response to a town council motion.
After a presentation by a KPMG forensic auditor indicated that nothing was out of order regarding the town's debt or its transactions related to a development in east Fonthill, Pelham councillors voted Dec. 4 to call on regional council to rescind its Nov. 16 motion, that included informing the town's creditor about financial concerns.
But Pelham Mayor Dave Augustyn said the town's motion was not considered by regional council at last week's meeting.
“I wasn't even on the agenda, despite all those people being there,” they said, referring to people who were in attendance at the regional council meeting, hoping to hear the discussion about Pelham council's request.
“I was hoping that it would be dealt with and the Region would reverse its decision,” Augustyn said.
While they don't know when it will be before regional council for consideration, in the meantime they said the town has taken it upon itself to inform its creditor – Infrastructure Ontario – that it's finances are in order.
“Really, we're just concerned about Infrastructure Ontario that they know what the results of the KPMG presentation were,” Augustyn said, adding “council made sure our resolution was sent to them.”
“There will be reasonable people, I'm sure, looking at this. … We hope that they're not going to rush to judgement.”
Although the Region's Nov. 16 motion originated at an audit committee meeting held two days earlier, Augustyn said the committee won't be in a position to discuss it until after a two-thirds majority of regional council votes to reconsider it.
Augustyn called it “frustrating” that despite efforts to address concerns, the town continues to face accusations.
“Now these folks still don't believe it. I don't know what they believe or don't believe,” they said. “But I put my faith in a professional accounting firm that's saying there's no problem. There are green check marks next to what we've done.”
They said there are other issues in Niagara that need to be dealt with, other than rehashing concerns that have already been addressed by a third party accounting firm.
“We should move on to other issues facing Niagara.”
IGEL delivers powerful unified endpoint management software that is revolutionary in its simplicity and purpose-built for the enterprise. The company's world-leading software products include the IGEL OS™, Universal Desktop Converter™ (UDC), IGEL Cloud Gateway™ (ICG), IGEL UD Pocket™ (UDP) and Universal Management Suite™ (UMS). These solutions enable a more secure, manageable and cost-effective endpoint management platform across nearly any x86 device. Additionally, IGEL's German engineered and manufactured thin, zero and all-in-one client solutions deliver the industry's best warranty (5 years), support (3 years after end of life) and management functionality. IGEL enables enterprises to precisely control all devices running IGEL OS as well as Windows OS from a single dashboard interface. IGEL has offices worldwide and is represented by partners in over 50 countries.
Call it a cow-beaver.
Ranchers northeast of Regina are shaking their heads after watching a herd of curious bovines slowly follow a beaver across one of their pastures.
Adrienne Ivey and their husband Aaron were out checking their 150 cattle near Ituna, Sask., on Good Friday when they noticed something odd.
The cattle were gathered together and walking slowly behind a beaver, with some of the heifers lowering their heads to get a closer look at the furry cowboy with a funny-looking tail.
When the beaver stopped, the herd would stop, and then follow again when the rodent resumed its stroll.
Ivey says they are used to herding their cows with horses or quads, but nothing like this.
They say young cattle are naturally curious, while the beaver seemed to ignore all the attention.
“We knew that people would get a great chuckle out of it because you cannot get more Canadian than that,” said Ivey, who posted a video of the beaver-bovine cattle drive on Facebook.
“We talk about how awesome our Canadian beef is, but a beaver leading cattle around? It's the most Canadian thing ever!”
Ivey said the beaver was probably looking around the pasture for a place to build a dam.
Video of the beaver and cattle can be seen at:
The inaugural Louisiana Sports Festival is partnering with X Fusion Family Arena to provide supervised activities for kids during the festival.
The outdoor multisport festival will be held at the BREC Farr Park in Baton Rouge on June 9 and 10.
The X Fusion Fun Park will allow parents to drop off their children (ages 4 and up) while they participate in the events for adults.
For more information about the kids' activities and events visit: https://www.louisianasportsfest.com/kids-activities/
Parents can pick up and drop off their children throughout the day with a valid photo ID.
The X Fusion Fun Park for children will feature:
Obstacle Courses
Recreational Games
Nerf Rival Battlefield
Toddler Playground
Face Painting
Bounce Houses
Arts and Crafts
Supervised Child Care
The cost of the fun park is $15 per child and will feature a discount for siblings.
Parents can also choose to play with their child in the fun park. The cost for parents who supervise their child in the park is $10 per child.
Children can also participate in their own events such as an Obstacle Course Fun Run and a Kids Scavenger Hunt.
The OCR Fun Run features a scaled down version of the adult obstacle course that is specifically designed for kids.
Children can challenge themselves on the OCR course while having fun at 11:30 a.m. on Saturday, June 9.
Each child that participates will be supplied with a Scavenger Hunt Run backpack to store their items as they run through the course to collect as many of the hidden objects as possible.
Children can run wild and challenge their skills at 3 p.m. on Saturday, June 9.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace new boy Alexander Sorloth will be included in the matchday squad to face Newcastle United on Sunday.
The big Norwegian completed a transfer deadline day move to the Eagles and will wear the No.9 shirt.
Fans will be eager to see the 22-year-old in action, having seen a little training ground clips in the last 24 hours.
Palace boss Roy Hodgson is being cautious, however, especially after losing Bakary Sako for the rest of the season.
"At the moment, I have a starting line up in my head and they won't be in that," said Hodgson, speaking at their pre-match press conference.
"The fact is today is Friday and the game is on Sunday, and we have a training session tomorrow.
"I wouldn't hesitate to put them in to the starting line-up, but I would prefer for them to start on the bench, because that would mean we have no injuries in training tomorrow."
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — In their sternest rebuke yet, Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby said repeatedly Sunday their state can “do better” than electing fellow Republican Roy Moore to the U.S. Senate, making clear that a write-in candidate was far preferable to a man accused of sexual misconduct.
Days before the pivotal race, Shelby, who is Alabama's senior senator, said they had already cast an absentee ballot for another, unspecified Republican, even as other prominent state Republicans fell in line behind Moore.
Moore faces Democrat Doug Jones in the special election Tuesday to replace Jeff Sessions, now the U.S. attorney general.
“I couldn't vote for Roy Moore. I didn't vote for Roy Moore. But I wrote in a distinguished Republican name. And I think a lot of people could do that,” Shelby told CNN's “State of the Union.”
“The state of Alabama deserves better,” they said.
“There's a lot of smoke,” Shelby said of Moore and their accusers. “Got to be some fire somewhere.”
The accusations against Moore have left many GOP voters and leaders in a quandary. Voters face the decision of whether to vote for Moore, accused of sexual misconduct with teenagers decades ago when they were a county prosecutor, or sending Jones to Washington, which would narrow the GOP's already precarious majority in the Senate.
They also could write in a name on their ballots or simply stay home. Meanwhile, most GOP politicians in the state must run for re-election next year — where they will face Moore's enthusiastic voting base at the polls.
Shelby said allegations that Moore had molested a 14-year-girl in particular were a “tipping point” in disqualifying him. Their latest comments cast fresh doubt on a former judge that President Donald Trump and most Republican leaders in Alabama are backing to help maintain the party's narrow 52-48 majority in the Senate.
Shelby's outspokenness against a man who could become their colleague was the exception rather than the rule.
“I have stated both publicly and privately over the last month that unless these allegations were proven to be true I would continue to plan to vote for the Republican nominee, Judge Roy Moore,” Alabama Secretary of State John Merrill wrote in a text message to The Associated Press. “I have already cast my absentee ballot and I voted for Judge Moore.”
The AP tried to find out how Republican leaders from Alabama plan to vote. Most officeholders or their staffs responded, while others have publicly stated their plans during public appearances or to other media outlets.
However, several officeholders did not respond to calls, emails or texts from the AP. They include U.S. Reps. Martha Roby, Mike Rogers and Gary Palmer, as well as state Treasurer Young Boozer and state House Speaker Mac McCutcheon.
State officeholders who said they intended to vote for Moore often cited the need to keep the seat in Republican hands.
In addition to Merrill, others who plan to vote for Moore include Gov. Kay Ivey; Attorney General Steve Marshall; state Auditor Jim Zeigler; Agriculture Commissioner John McMillan; state Senate President Pro Tempore Del Marsh; and Public Service Commissioner Twinkle Andress Cavanaugh, who previously led the state GOP. Also voting for Moore are current state party head Terry Lathan and U.S. Reps. Mo Brooks of Huntsville and Robert Aderholt of Haleyville.
Shelby's decision has played prominently in Jones ads pointing out Republicans who are not voting for their party's nominee.
On Sunday, Shelby acknowledged that if Moore is elected, they would probably have to be seated in the Senate but that an Ethics Committee investigation was already been contemplated to remove him. “I think that the Senate has to look at who is fit to serve in the Senate,” they said.
CNN reported last month that U.S. Rep. Bradley Byrne said they will vote Republican and that they do not cast write-in votes. In a statement to the AP, Byrne said it is up to voters to decide.
“Some serious allegations have been made and Judge Moore has vehemently denied them. Frankly, I don't think the people of Alabama want me, any national politician, or the national news media telling them what to think or how to vote,” Byrne said in the statement. “The decision is ultimately up to the people of Alabama to evaluate the information they have before them and make an informed decision. We must respect the voters' decision.”
Sen. Luther Strange, who lost to Moore in the Republican primary, did not respond to a request for comment from AP, but told The Washington Post recently that the election is up to voters.
“I'm staying out of it now. I think everybody knows how I feel about Judge Moore. We made our case and the voters made a different decision,” Strange told the newspaper in a video on its website.
Sessions, who resigned from the Senate to join the Trump administration, declined to say how they would vote. Moore and Jones are competing for their old job.
“There have been some ads that may have suggested I endorsed a candidate, that is not so,” Sessions said. “I believe that the people of Alabama will make their own decision.”
State party loyalty rules could prohibit a GOP politician, or someone who aspires to be one, from publicly backing Moore's opponent. The rule says anyone who openly supports another party's nominee over a Republican could be barred from running as a Republican in the future.
Ivey became governor earlier this year after Robert Bentley resigned amid a sex scandal involving a much younger female political aide. When reached by the AP, Bentley declined to say who they are voting for Tuesday.
Ivey said last month that they have no reason to disbelieve the women who have accused Moore and is bothered by their allegations. But Ivey, who plans to run for governor in 2018, said they will vote for Moore anyway for the sake of GOP power in Congress. Them office did not respond to a request for an updated comment.
——
Associated Press writers Matthew Daly, Sadie Gurman, Donna Cassata and Hope Yen in Washington contributed to this report.
What will computer hardware look like in the next five years? With everything we know today, we can certainly suss some of this out now. It's always fun to put on a cape and pull out a crystal ball, and having covered PCs for 17.5 years, I'd hope I could do justice to a topic like this one. But in this case, I'm going to cheat just a little bit when I make my prognostications.
On the surface, it's easy to make one prediction: For the most part, the hardware inside computers five years from now won't be much different than the hardware inside of them now. In fact, the computer you're using in five years may be the computer you're using now. Products like Optane are a big deal, but Intel isn't putting a huge push behind them in consumer spaces yet. We might finally see 10GigE ethernet and we'll definitely have faster Wi-Fi in five years as 5G rolls out. It'll be much more common to own a 5G-enabled laptop, though the technology won't have the same appeal if you still compute from a desktop. If you bought a new high-end system in 2017 or 2018, you'll probably still be using it in 2023 if you follow a traditional upgrade curve — apart from the graphics card, which you'll probably have upgraded.
At first glance, that's not very exciting. What I'm predicting, in essence, is that computing in 2023 will look like 2018, only in higher resolution and with a bit more eye candy. But the real change that'll be underway five years from now won't be fundamentally new approaches to what's in your computer, but the kinds of devices we call computers in the first place.
For all that we poke fun at smart toasters, smart condoms, and smart locks, the IoT is advancing by leaps and bounds. The number of devices with computers in them is exploding, and while some of these products are hacky nonsense, plenty of them aren't. From medical devices for the elderly to smart bulbs, plugs, and appliances, the smart home is coming — and soon, we won't be calling them “smart lights.” It'll just be “lights.”
If this seems far-fetched, consider: We've already seen phones take precisely this journey. The first smartphones debuted years before the iPhone was a gleam in Steve Jobs' eyes, but they were incredibly expensive, corporate-focused models that nobody needed or wanted if you didn't absolutely have to be tethered to your email account. Even after the iPhone launched, it took years for these products to evolve into something like their modern iterations with app stores and video streaming capabilities.
Yet today, a smartphone can perform every task a computer can. Gaming, music, and video editing can now all be performed (if not as quickly, or as well) on a smartphone. And along the way, smartphones became so normal, now it's common to refer to them as “phones,” and “feature phones” (aka dumbphones) as the odd devices out.
From this perspective, the PC, with its removable components and flexible configuration options, is downright quaint. For enthusiasts — and to be clear, we're very much PC enthusiasts — the flexible options around RAM standards, GPUs, and CPUs create utility, because they allow the end user to create optimized solutions. But when the network of the future is a household of 15-30 devices, from PCs to smartphones to wristwatches and alarm clocks, each with its own microprocessor, memory, and capabilities, the old beige box model does look a bit like a dinosaur.
Now, how well will all this work? That's another question altogether. But the biggest change in five years isn't going to be the components in your PC. It's going to be the components and capabilities of everything else.
Top image: The UNIVAC I at the Computer History Museum. Credit: Arnold Reinhold/Creative Commons
Court Remands 5 For Illegal Importation Of 661 Pump-Action Rifles
BY OLUGBENGA SOYELE,
Justice Ayokunle Faji of Federal High Court in Lagos remanded five men, who allegedly imported 661 pump-action rifles into the country without lawful authority in prison custody.
The judge gave the order after the accused persons: Mahmud Hassan, Oscar Okafor, Donatus Achinulo, Matthew Okoye, said be at large, and Salihu Danjuma, were arraigned before them by the federal government on an eight count charge of conspiracy, importation of prohibited firearms, forgery, uttering of forged documents, and bribery.
The accused persons, who were arrested on January 21, 1017 at Nigerian Port Authority in Lagos by men of the Nigeria Customs Service, were said to have brought the rifles into the country from Turkey in Lagos, using a 40-feet container, which they falsely claimed contained steel doors.
The government also claimed that in order to facilitate the illegal importation, the accused allegedly forged a number of documents including a bill of lading, a Form M and a Pre-Arrival Assessment Report.
According to the prosecution, in order to evade payment of Customs duty, the accused allegedly forged a bill of lading issued at Istanbul on January 9, 2017, falsely claiming that it was issued at Shanghai, China.
In the forged bill of lading, they allegedly filled “steel door” as the content of the container instead of rifles.
The prosecution also alleged that the first accused, Hassan, corruptly gave N1m to government officials at the Apapa Port in order to prevent the search of the container by Customs officials.
The offences were said to be contrary to sections 1(2)(c), 1(14) (a)(i) and 3(6) of the Miscellaneous Offences Act Cap M17, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2014.
The accused, however, pleaded not guilty to all the counts.
The trial judge, Justice Faji has adjourned till September 12, 2017 for definite hearing.
The post Court Remands 5 For Illegal Importation Of 661 Pump-Action Rifles appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DETROIT — Authorities have temporarily closed two stretches of Detroit freeways to search for shell casings or other evidence in the apparently random shootings of four vehicles last week.
State police Lt. Michael Shaw says Monday likely would be the final day for such a search because snow is expected and snowplows will be clearing the pavement.
About two miles of westbound Interstate 94 on Detroit's east side was expected to be closed for no more than 20 minutes, followed by a similar stretch of Interstate 96 on the west side.
Authorities have said they believe Thursday's shootings are linked. A motorist on I-94 was shot in the leg. No one was hurt in the other three vehicles that were shot.
Police say they're looking for a silver or grey sedan.
WASHINGTON — Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 per cent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West.
The Commerce Department said Tuesday that sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of 2018, sales are running 10.3 per cent higher than a year ago.
Homebuyers are snapping up newly built houses as the economic outlook has continued to improve in recent months. Nor have the gains been derailed so far by 30-year mortgage rates climbing to their highest averages since early 2014.
Still, the solid sales growth for new homes also shows that many would-be buyers can't find existing homes that are available to purchase. Listings for existing homes sank to the lowest levels on record for March, the National Association of Realtors reported on Monday.
New homes tend to cost more than older properties. The median sales price of a new home rose 4.8 per cent from a year ago to $337,200, a nearly $87,000 premium on the median cost of an existing home.
Prices for a new home are increasingly concentrated at higher price points. In 2016, 53 per cent of new homes cost more than $300,000. That figure climbed to 60 per cent for new homes sold in March.
The March increase was driven almost entirely by a 28.3 per cent leap in sales in the West. New-home purchases rose slightly in the South, fell in the Midwest and plunged in the Northeast. The new home sales report can be volatile on a monthly basis, causing the numbers to be revised later.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 per cent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 per cent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
“Realistically, I do not think we can hope” to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, “I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports.”
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be “united and firm.”
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
“Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing,” French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: “These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. … One can think about making voters happy by saying, ‘I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.”‘
But Macron said those “who waged bilateral trade wars … saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment.”
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
“There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs,” they said. They noted that “China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate.”
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being “constructive” and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
“We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly,” they said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying “the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence” and tariffs “would negatively influence investment and jobs.”
——
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
(AP Photo/Scott Smith, File). FILE - In this April 10, 2017 file photo, boxes of bottled drinking water are seen in Hardwick, a small community in the San Joaquin Valley, where drought has yet to loosen its grip on some residents near Hanford, Calif. R...
(AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File). FILE - In this Jan. 16, 2018 file photo, Mark Waissar, 49, is silhouetted against sunset as they walk on an overpass above the Pacific Coast Highway in Santa Monica, Calif. California's water managers are carrying out their...
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File). FILE - In this Dec. 14, 2017 file photo, Los Angeles skyline is seen through burned trees after a brush fire erupted in the hills in Elysian Park in Los Angeles. California's water managers are carrying out their mid...
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this Wednesday Jan. 3, 2018 file photo, Grant Davis, director of the Dept. of Water Resources, center, discusses the results of the first snow survey of the season at the near snow barren Phillips Station...
By ELLEN KNICKMEYER and RICH PEDRONCELLI
Associated Press
PHILLIPS STATION, Calif. (AP) - California's brief escape from severe drought ended Thursday after scientists declared more than 40 percent of the state in moderate drought and water officials confirmed lower-than-normal snowpack in the Sierra Nevada.
Los Angeles, Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, which hold nearly a quarter of the state's population, were rated in severe drought.
During a week of rainless skies and some record-high temperatures in Southern California, water officials also trekked into the Sierra Nevada on Thursday and manually measured the vital snowpack, which stood at less than a third of normal for the date.
"It's not nearly where we'd like to be," Frank Gehrke, a state official, said of the snow, which supplies water to millions of Californians in a good, wet year.
Los Angeles and some surrounding areas have received only one significant rainstorm in nearly a year.
In Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, which are about 100 miles (160 kilometers) north of Los Angeles, the lack of rain and dry vegetation fueled a December wildfire that grew to be the largest recorded in state history. When it finally rained, the storm triggered mudslides that killed at least 21.
For people who survived the mudslides, looking out at clear and sunny skies again Thursday was a relief despite the deepening drought.
"I know we need rain, but another mudslide would be awful," said Santa Barbara restaurant hostess Cayla Stretz.
Survivors in their area are still digging out homes, many beaches and roads are closed by mud, and business is down in the beach town, Stretz said.
It took a near-record rainy winter in Northern California last year to snap the near-record five-year dry spell.
Last year's rain has most of the state's reservoirs higher than usual, a bright spot, said Doug Carlson, a state Department of Water Resources spokesperson. Two months remain in the state's peak rain and snow season, leaving room for hope, Carlson said.
Gov. Jerry Brown lifted California's drought state of emergency in April, but it took until September for the last bit of the state to emerge from the severe category of that drought - until now.
Only 13 percent of the state was considered in drought last week, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor, which is a project of several government agencies and their partners.
During the peak of the state's dry spell, 99.9 percent of California was in some stage of drought and nearly half fell into the very highest category.
Cutbacks at the peak of the five-year state drought mandated 25 percent conservation by cities and towns.
State water officials announced no new water-cutting measures Thursday, saying only that conservation had to be a way of life in arid California.
The years of disappointing winters and competition for remaining water supplies devastated native species ranging from Chinook salmon to pine forests, dried many household wells in the state's middle, and compelled farmers to plunge other wells deep into the earth in search of irrigation water.
In California's Central Valley, the nation's richest agricultural producer, government officials had to install water systems during and after the five-year drought for small towns such as East Porterville, after household wells dried.
Even so, deliveries of bottled water continued this week to people outside East Porterville's city limits, said resident Elva Beltran, one of many volunteers who helped neighbors without water.
For many in rural central California, "It never ended," they said of the drought.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Shailene Woodley is starring in the highly-anticipated HBO show "Big Little Lies."
The actor appeared on "Good Morning America" today and shared what it was like working with Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman, who also star in the seven-part limited series.
"It was so boring, you know," Woodley joked of the collaboration. "It was amazing. Nicole and Reese have been in this industry for so long and they actually genuinely still love acting and still love what they do to the point where they're producing their own content and their creating their own projects and that's how this how came about. It was a book that Reese fell in love with and they wanted to explore the inner psyches of women, which you don't really see in cinema or television."
The dark, comedic drama focuses on three mothers who live in Monterey, California, a town where conflicts and secrets are exposed.
"Big Little Lies" is based on the New York Times bestselling book of the same name by author Liane Moriarty.
"There are a lot of really big lies that are littered throughout the show," Woodley said. "It's about a group of mothers who come together via their first grade children and you get to explore the relationship dynamics between moms and their spouses, moms and their children, moms and other moms."
"Big Little Lies" premieres this Sunday at 9 p.m. ET on HBO.
Cosmic Showstopper: Super Blue Blood Moon Doesn't Disappoint
The moon put on a rare cosmic show Wednesday: a red blue moon, super big and super bright. It's the first time in 35 years a blue moon has synced up with a supermoon and a total lunar eclipse, or blood moon because of its red hue.
Hawaii and Alaska had the best seats, along with the Canadian Yukon, Australia and Asia. The western U.S. also had good viewing, along with Russia.
At the Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles, hundreds gathered on the lawn in the wee hours under clear skies. Traffic was backed up more than a mile around the observatory. Sky-gazers also lined the beach near the Santa Monica Pier, some snapping photos and others reclining in the sand, their faces turned upward.
John Cook joined fellow photography enthusiasts at the pier, using the ferris wheel and roller coaster for theirs foreground.
"It was incredible," said Cook, a visual effects artist for films. Photographers also gathered at the Telegraph Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, striving to get the famous Coit Tower in their moon shots.
In San Francisco's Marina district, a crowd gathered to watch the super blue blood moon, as NASA calls it, set over the Golden Gate Bridge. Spectators got lucky: There were clear skies and no trace of the city's famous fog.
"It's very cinematic, the way the moon is changing colors and reflecting on the water," said Clara Cambon, who arrived around 5:30 a.m. with their husband.
On the other side of the Pacific, where it was already nightfall, hundreds descended on the Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho complex, where telescopes and binoculars were plentiful. A TV monitor showed zoom-in views of the moon, and a university professor gave a run-down as the eclipse unfolded.
"It's wonderful to be at this precious event and to have been able to see the moon looking so beautiful," said Mayumi Kimura, a visitor.
The U.S. East Coast, Europe and most of South America and Africa were out of luck for the total eclipse. At Cape Canaveral, Florida, where a rocket delivered America's first satellite to orbit exactly 60 years ago -- Explorer 1 -- the blue supermoon loomed large in the sky.
The second full moon in a calendar month is a blue moon. This one also happened to be an especially close and bright moon, or supermoon. Add a total eclipse, known as a blood moon for its red tint, and it was a lunar showstopper.
NASA called it a lunar trifecta: the first super blue blood moon since 1982. That combination won't happen again until 2037. For those looking ahead, the next supermoon is in February, the next blue moon is in March and the next total lunar eclipse is in July, according to NASA.
NASA lunar scientist Noah Petro said they were astonished -- and thrilled -- by all the attention and fuss. The total solar eclipse that swept across the U.S. in August contributed to Wednesday's buzz, they noted. Missing out on the eclipse from their home in Virginia, they watched the event online Wednesday morning with their two children, ages 3 and 7.
"I hope that people use this as an opportunity to dig in a little more and learn about our own planet, our wonderful sister planet, the moon, and the sun and all the other great objects in the solar system," Petro said on their way to work at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.
A total lunar eclipse -- considered the most scientific of Wednesday's threesome -- occurs when the sun, Earth and moon line up perfectly, casting Earth's shadow on the moon.
Scientists were keen to study the sharp, sudden drop in temperature at the lunar surface as Earth's shadow blankets the moon. During the more than one hour of totality, the temperature plunged 100 degrees Fahrenheit (38 Celsius), said Petro. He's deputy project scientist for NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, circling the moon since 2009. Their team took special precautions to keep the spacecraft warm during the eclipse.
For the trivia crowd, the moon was 223,820 miles (360,200 kilometers) away at the peak of the eclipse, close enough for supermoon status, according to NASA.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: NASA.
Health insurance a la carte?
As the Affordable Care Act open-enrollment season moves into its final weeks, some consumers looking for lower-cost alternatives are considering a patchwork approach to health insurance. The products may secure some basic protection but leave patients on the hook for high medical bills.
The idea involves mixing and matching several types of insurance products originally designed to cover the deductibles and other gaps in traditional coverage.
“We have several carriers” from which clients can choose “prescription coverage from one and accident coverage from another and critical illness care from someone else,” said Eric Jans, a Nashville, Tenn., broker.
Related: Obamacare Shopping Is Trickier Than Ever. Here's A Cheat Sheet.
An entire package, they added, usually costs $900 to $1,000 a month for a family.
Though not new, the tactic is gaining momentum and interest with consumers — particularly in regions of the country with high ACA plan premiums.
And it's gone national with the online firm eHealth, which launched a set of packages Nov. 1 and promotes them on its website to people who “can't afford Obamacare.”
The packages won't exempt people from the IRS penalty under the ACA, experts warn.
And consumer advocates caution the concept falls far short of full coverage.
“We're seeing increased marketing of these over the past year. It's a very risky proposition for consumers,” said Betsy Imholz, special projects director for Consumers Union. “Proceed with extreme caution.”
The packages cobble together “fixed-benefit indemnity” plans, also known as “gap coverage” plans, with other types of policies.
Most such “gap coverage” plans are underwritten, meaning they ask about applicants' health and can exclude people with medical problems, or exempt those conditions from coverage.
These plans pay an often-small per-day or per-service amount toward hospital care, doctor visits and lab tests — for example, $65 for a primary care appointment or $175 for an advanced imaging test.
The packages usually include a prescription drug discount card.
Many also feature a “critical illness policy” that pays a lump sum of between $5,000 to as much as $50,000 if the policyholder is diagnosed with a qualifying illness, such as a heart attack, cancer or stroke. Some also incorporate short-term medical policies, which must be renewed every 90 days.
None provides comprehensive major medical coverage.
The effort to reinvigorate sales of such policies comes as premiums for some ACA plans are rising rapidly, fueled by that ban on rejecting people who are sick, the inability of Congress to agree on efforts to stabilize the market and Trump administration actions that undermine the federal health law.
In some markets, families now face ACA premiums that exceed $20,000 a year.
“There are entrepreneurs all over the insurance industry looking at the fact that people can't access insurance they can afford,” said Robert Laszewski, an industry consultant based near Washington, D.C.
Detailing The Coverage
The IHC Group, which offers the type of hospital indemnity coverage often included in such packages, provides a hypothetical example of how its plan works. A person in the hospital with pneumonia for five days, two of them in intensive care, would receive a flat payment of $12,250 in total toward that hospital bill.
While that may sound like a lot, the hospital bill, “if you're on a ventilator and getting antibiotics, could be $12,000 a day,” said Missy Conley, director of consumer claims at Roanoke-based Medliminal, a firm that helps consumers sort out their medical bills.
“And that's just the nursing staff and the room,” they said. “It doesn't include the physician who pops in or the respiratory therapists.”
Related: Repeal of health insurance mandate in GOP tax bill could have big effects
Most people have no clue how many big-ticket items like hospital care, chemotherapy or surgery can cost. And it's hard to get medical providers to disclose their charges. Still, the average cost of a three-day stay in the hospital is $30,000, according to the federal government's health website, healthcare.gov.
Even with those limitations, some consumers are now eyeing the packages for their sole coverage.
“With [these products], we try to put together carriers that provide something [as] close to major medical as we could get,” said Nate Purpura, eHealth's vice president of marketing.
Prices vary by carrier, level of coverage and the age and gender of the applicant.
Even with lower premiums, a package might not end up being less expensive than an ACA plan if the consumer has a medical issue or two during the year.
The materials eHealth uses to explain its plans illustrates that point.
It starts by warning consumers that medical insurance packages “may not be the best option” if they have job-based insurance or can afford an ACA plan.
But then it highlights Jane, a hypothetical 28-year-old who says they can't afford the $350 a month an ACA plan would cost them
Instead, they get an eHealth package plan for $230 a month, saving $1,440 in premium for the year.
Unfortunately, Jane has a bike accident, breaks a bone and then a month later needs new glasses.
The example shows that their package of plans paid a total of $17,000 toward the ambulance ride, the hospital costs, their pain medicine and their new glasses. Jane saved $17,000 off total costs incurred of $21,550, the brochure says.
But, what it doesn't spell out is that they still had to pay about $4,550 for their share of the rest of the tab.
Certainly, she's better off financially than being uninsured. But, in reality, their package plan cost them $3,110 more than if they had gone with the seemingly more expensive ACA coverage.
“Every dollar you don't spend on premiums looks like a savings,” said Michael Lujan, co-founder of employer benefit firm Limelight Health in San Francisco, and a board member of the Silicon Valley Association of Health Underwriters. “But let's say you end up in the hospital with surgery or whatever, you need to weigh that and consider ‘What would my costs be?'”
Kaiser Health News (KHN) is a nonprofit news service covering health issues. It is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation that is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
The Israel Defense Forces arrested eight people Wednesday evening in the Palestinian Authority-assigned areas of Judea and Samaria, who were wanted on suspicion of involvement in terror or violent disorders directed at Israelis.
One of the detainees was a Hamas member. The suspects were turned over to security agencies for further investigation.
Trump promises new revelations on Russian hacking: I know things other people don't
President-elect Donald Trump is doubling down on Russia hacking skepticism as they say they will reveal “things that other people don't know.” Are they preparing to reverse the Obama administration's sanctions when they take the oath of office in just 18 days? NBC's Kristen Welker reports for TODAY.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday in the aftermath of violence at a demonstration in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday in the aftermath of violence at a demonstration in Charlottesville, Virginia.
By LINDA A. JOHNSONAP Medical Writer
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - President Donald Trump lashed out at the CEO of the nation's third-largest pharmaceutical company after they resigned from a federal advisory council, citing the president's failure to explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier wrote on Twitter Monday that "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which runs counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier is one of the few African Americans to head a Fortune 500 company.
Trump is under increasing pressure to call out the white supremacist and hate groups involved. They lashed out almost immediately on Monday following the resignation, saying on Twitter that Frazier will now "have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Drugmakers have come under withering criticism for soaring prices in the U.S., including by Trump, though they have yet to act on a promise to contain them.
With the barb, Trump appeared to attack an industry executive who has tried to make drug pricing somewhat more transparent by revealing their company's overall drug price changes.
In January, Merck reported that its average net prices - the amount the company receives after discounts and other rebates - increased in the years since 2010 in a range between 3.4 percent and 6.2 percent per year. That's about half as large as the increase in its retail prices. Much of the furor over drug prices recently has been over increases that have been far bigger and come one after another for drugs that have been on the market for years.
The exchange lit up social media early on Monday, with many people lauding Frazier and blasting the president. Trump eventually made a statement condemning bigotry Monday afternoon at a press conference.
Meanwhile, other executives stated their support for Frazier.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman wrote on Twitter, "Thanks @Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is."
Frazier, who grew up in a poor neighborhood in Philadelphia, resigned days after one person was killed and others wounded in violent clashes between white supremacists and protesters.
Frazier and their siblings were raised by their janitor father after their mother died when they were very young. They have earned a reputation as a risk taker in the drug industry, pouring money into daunting research areas, particularly trying to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June, and two other advisory groups to the president, after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned for the same reason from the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, which Trump established to advise them on how government policy impacts economic growth and job creation.
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially, but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire, are replaced, or, as with Frazier and Musk, resign.
William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said they couldn't "think of a parallel example" of any president responding as viciously as Trump to a CEO departing an advisory council.
"Usually, certain niceties are observed to smooth over a rupture," said Galston, who served as a domestic policy aide in the Clinton administration.
"We've learned that as president, Mr. Trump is behaving exactly as they did as a candidate," Galston said. "He knows only one mode: When attacked, hit back harder."
___
AP Economics Writer Josh Boak in Washington contributed to this story.
___
Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - The NCAA's Board of Governors will discuss electronic sports at its next scheduled meeting in October after holding a preliminary conversation last week.
University administrators want to better understand what role the NCAA can or should play in the popular video gaming sports world.
Esports are usually described as multiplayer competitions. The Next Level, an organization dedicated to covering the business of esports, estimated in May that 40 schools were devoting more than $4 million in scholarship money to 655 players.
It issued a report that included a graphic showing that two schools, the University of Pikeville in Kentucky and Maryville University in Missouri, offer scholarships that can cover the full cost of tuition, room and board.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GYMPIE-RAISED rider Amelia Fitzgerald has taken third place in the two-star competition at the Canberra International One Day horse trials event last weekend.
GYMPIE-RAISED rider Amelia Fitzgerald has taken third place in the two-star competition at the Canberra International One Day horse trials event last weekend. Elizabeth Borowik Photography
AMELIA Fitzgerald has taken third place in the two-star competition at the Canberra International One Day horse trials event last weekend.
Fitzgerald, who now resides in Canberra but has their roots firmly in Gympie, said they were thrilled with the result in the first event after the winter break.
"I love riding, I love the adrenaline rush, could say I'm a bit of an adrenaline junkie I suppose,” Fitzgerald said.
"It was a massive shock.
"After the first phase we were second last and I was not expecting to move up so well after how well we coped on the cross-country course.”
LOVE GYMPIE SPORT? FOLLOW THE TOPIC BY CLICKING HERE.
The 25-year-old rider has been polishing their skills while attending university and has been working hard at the three disciplines within the sport's event.
"We were in the two-star competition - to put that into perspective, the Olympics is considered 3.5 stars,” they said.
"The first phase, the dressage, was a personal best score for myself and my horse - Luna.
"Dressage is not our forte, she's not a flash-moving horse and suffers from a medical condition called head shaking, or easily put - they have hayfever, causing them to shake their head from pollen irritation.
"The showjumping was our second phase, I was incredibly nervous.
"After the first fence, it all just came naturally, they just knows their job these days.
GYMPIE raised rider Amelia Fitzgerald has taken third place in the two-star competition at the Canberra International One Day horse trials event last weekend. Contributed
Coming into the final stage, Fitzgerald was nervous but their mount knew the job.
"Cross-country was our final phase; again I was nervous before starting but once we got galloping those nerves disappeared. They were just so on the job, full of running and brave as,” they said.
"She just took everything in their stride, including some big fences and difficult combination fences.
"I was beaming the whole way around and across the line, constantly praising and patting them for being so great and looking after me.”
The former Gympie State High School student was 16th in a field of 17 after the dressage stage but made up their placing in the cross-country leg.
"The competition was tough, as I stated, I was second last after dressage,” they said.
"The cross-country was definitely where it was all sorted out; placings didn't change much after the show jumping but there were a few falls and a few eliminations on the cross-country which made our clear round even more impressive.”
Thea Horsely was the winner of the event, a talented junior rider from NSW.
Fitzgerald entered the sport late when compared to their fellow riders who have generally been riding their whole life.
They got their first pony when they were 11 and began riding at 15.
"Training for this event has focused mainly on our weakest phase, the dressage,” they said.
"My coach Jim Collin has been fantastic helping me go through the test and work on the movements that are awarded the highest score.
"My mare, Luna, for the jumping phases, simply needs confidence.
"The practice and the confidence makes the difference on the day.”
Fitzgerald has an addiction to adrenaline and is plotting their course to the top of their sport. Contributed
The recently graduated student reserved special praise for their companion.
"When I am riding, especially on my main girl, Luna, I feel as though we are a true partnership, a real team,” they said.
"We tackle it together, no matter what it is.
"If I'm confident, they are and vice versa.
"It's the greatest feeling having a creature trust you this much.”
Fitzgerald looks up to a number of mentors who have helped them develop as a rider.
"My current dressage coach is Jim Collins. One of my main mentors is another successful Gympie rider; Brett Cantle,” they said.
"He was my first jumping instructor at age 13 and continued right up until I left Gympie.”
Fitzgerald's goal now is to attend the International Adelaide Three-Day Event in November.
"This is one of the few four-star competitions in the world
"Of course, I will only be competing in the two-star competition but the stigma and environment surrounding this event is massive,” they said.
"I desperately want to compete and finish this event, I wouldn't care if I came last, I just want to say I completed Adelaide.
"In the far future I would love to compete in a four-star competition or compete internationally, particularly on one of my young horses I have bred,” Fitzgerald said.
Muslim Man Who Mowed Down FIVE Men With Their Van, PRAISED As ‘Good Family Guy' By Judge
Just wow. A Muslim van driver deliberately took a van, mounted the pavement and drove into five men who they were ticked off at. They claim they were racist against them while they were observing Ramadan. Lugman Aslam, who is 26, was involved in a fight with the men before mowing them down in Leicester city center. That's in England. Amazingly, no one was killed. Lots of bruising, etc., but no serious injuries. This happened on June 28th last year. The real story is how a judge just addressed the crime. SMH.
Recorder (circuit judge) Justin Wigoder actually praised the van driver… you read that right. They said they were “a good family man” who was behaving “completely out of character.” This ‘good family man' got into an altercation with five guys and backed their van into one of them. They left and came back with the van for another taste of Jihad. They plowed into the five men to “get [his] own back.” They sure found a sympathetic judge. Frankly, that is a judge who should be removed from the bench. You are supposed to rule on facts as they pertain to the law, not your personal feelings.
From Breitbart:
“I've seen it on CCTV and you deliberately mounted the pavement and drove straight at them and right through the middle of them at speed,” Wigoder said. “Some were thrown to the side and three were struck by your vehicle front-on, with one going over the bonnet and hitting the windscreen. “It's quite remarkable that nobody was seriously hurt or killed and the only injuries complained of were bruises and scratches. × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now “One indication of the force of the collision was your windscreen was smashed – you claimed it had been hit by an animal when you got it repaired. “You accept your intention, driving at them, was to cause serious injury and that's what makes this case so serious. “The motivation was driving at them to get your revenge, to get your own back from the fact they'd assaulted you.” However, the judge then went on to say that they accepted the potentially deadly attack “was completely out of character” for the perpetrator, whom they praised as “a good family man” with glowing references. “You're of very positive good previous character and I've received a considerable number of references setting out all the good that is in you,” they said.
Get that? The judge even says they were lucky no one was killed and it was deliberate. But because of great references etc., the judge deemed this to be a good man. They just accidentally committed Jihad I guess. Nadeem Aullybocus, defending, explained that Aslam “was fasting [for Ramadan] on that day and had been doing so for about 20 days” when they carried out the attack. What? They were cranky because they were hungry and that makes this okay?
Aslam pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and attempting to inflict intentional grievous bodily harm. They received a five-year sentence and a four-and-a-half year driving ban. The way the judge was praising the guy, I figured they would walk. At least they didn't kill anyone… this time. However, with the automatic parole provisions in the Criminal Justice Act of 2003, it is unlikely they will serve more than half of their prison term in custody. So, he'll be out before you know it looking for a new van and new victims. This is at the heart of Europe's problem… you say crime, I say terrorism.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Additionally, LG claims that this mobile display uses "as much as 30 percent" less power than the one on the G6, though it fails to specify under what condition. The company also mentioned the panel's support for 100-percent DCI-P3 color gamut, while the G7 ThinQ also offers six screen color modes -- Auto, Eco, Cinema, Sports, Game and Expert -- that are common on TVs, and these can be toggled automatically depending on the video content.
We have a feeling that LG has more to say about this upcoming smartphone's screen, let alone the dedicated Google Assistant button that it'll apparently come with, but chances are we'll have to wait until early May for the full reveal.
Search warrants from the investigation into Prince's overdose death were released on Monday, revealing that prescription medications were found all over their house — including some in the name of a confidant who claimed they didn't know the singer was addicted to pain pills.
The court documents detail investigators' efforts to obtain cellphone and Internet records after Prince was found dead April 21 at their Paisley Park estate in Minnesota.
Prince performs during day 2 of the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival held at the Empire Polo Field on April 26, 2008 in Indio, Calif. Kevin Winter / Getty Images, file
An autopsy determined they died of a fentanyl overdose, but the documents do not indicate if authorities have pinpointed the source of the killer dose of the synthetic opioid. No one has been charged with a crime in connection with Prince's death.
The warrants say that controlled substances were found in different parts of the Paisley Park complex, often in vitamin bottles. Some were in a suitcase labeled with a Prince alias, Peter Bravestrong, along with a page of handwritten lyrics to the 1987 hit "U Got the Look."
Several medications were prescribed to Prince under the name of Kirk Johnson, their longtime bodyguard, assistant and personal friend, the warrants show.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prince Died of Painkiller Overdose, Medical Examiner Says 2:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Prince's physician, Dr. Michael Schulenberg, issued a prescription for the pain killer oxycodone on April 16, 2016 — the same day that the singer's plane had to make a post-concert emergency landing when they "passed out" while aboard after taking pain pills.
Schulenberg told investigators they put it in Johnson's name "for Prince's privacy," one warrant says. An attorney for the doctor, however, said in a statement that they "never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did they ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince."
In the suitcase next to Prince's bed, detectives found at least two bottles with pills prescribed by Schulenberg under Johnson's name on April 7: the anti-nausea drug ondansetron hydrochloride in a vitamin D bottle, and the painkiller Percocet in a bottle labeled ondansetron.
The day before Prince's death, Schulenberg prescribed three drugs for him: clonidine, which is used to treat high blood pressure and attention deficit disorder, and the anti-anxiety agents Valium and hydroxyzine pamoate. Johnson picked them up from the pharmacy and claimed it was the "first time they had ever done something like that for Prince."
Johnson told investigators they were "unaware Prince was addicted to pain medication." But a representative of the rehab Recovery Without Walls told detectives that Johnson had contacted them because the star was struggling with opiate use.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prince's Paisley Park: Al Roker gets first look inside 'untouched' museum 4:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Andrew Kornfeld, the son of the rehab's owner, was at Paisley Park when Prince's body was found. They admitted to detectives that they were carrying pills for which they did not have a prescription — chiefly buprenorphine, which is used to treat addiction — but said they would not have given them to Prince without a doctor's authorization.
The warrants sought access to Prince's computer as well as to cellphone records for any devices in use around Paisley Park immediately before and after the singer's death.
The detective noted that "interviews with those who were at Paisley Park the morning Prince was found deceased have provided inconsistent and, at times, contradictory statements."
An attorney for Johnson did not respond to requests for comment. Schulenberg's lawyer said they had fully cooperated with the investigation and is a "caring and responsible physician."
Among the other revelations in the warrants:
Prince stopped using a cellphone after being hacked, depending on email and a landline.
They were in a romantic relationship with singer-songwriter Judith Glory Hill from 2014 until their death.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
In this photo by Associated Press photographer Rick Rycroft, deckhands on Wild Oats XI prepare a sail during the Big Boat Challenge. The challenge is a lead-up event to the Sydney Hobart open ocean yacht race.
The Sydney Hobart yacht race begins on Dec. 26 in Sydney Harbour.
———
This image was made with a lens at a focal length of 200mm, a shutter speed of 1/4000, aperture of f5, and ISO 250.
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager Interviews
When tourists spend money to stay in Fannin County, those visits turn into a driving force for the county's overall ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pictures have emerged which show the damage caused to the car in a crash which led to hundreds of homes being evacuated on Sunday night (March 18).
The vehicle crashed into an energy plant, in Whitestone Way, at 8.20pm leading to a huge gas leak.
Residents were told to leave their homes as a matter of urgency and there was large scale disruption to traffic, bus routes and the tram network.
A large section of Purley Way was closed for much of Monday morning along with a host of surrounding roads.
Tram were stopped from running in the affected area for much of the day and bus routes had to be diverted.
Pictures have now emerged of the damage caused to the white Audi in the collision.
Significant damage was caused to the front of the car and its airbags were deployed in the crash.
The Metropolitan Police are not treating this incident as suspicious, and no arrests were made. The woman in the car stopped at the scene.
There were no reports of any injuries.
An emergency help centre was set up to support the evacuated residents.
British Red Cross and Croydon Council set up a shelter at Waddon Leisure Centre, on Purley Way.
While some people were able to stay with friends or family, and others managed to get into hotels on Sunday night, many had to go to the nearby Sainsbury's before being taken to the leisure centre.
Residents were only allowed to return to their homes at 7.30pm on Monday evening.
Once back home, Sarah-Jane Sewell, who lives with their boyfriend in the New South Quarter, the area most affected by the leak, posted a message on their Facebook page, describing a "whirlwind 24 hours".
They wrote: “After over 24 hours out of my home, we're finally allowed back in. We don't have any heating or hot water but my fridge and freezer haven't defrosted so the gin and tonic is still chilled and I have warm jumpers and ski socks to sleep in.
“Very glad I bought a new heavy-duty duvet during the last Beast from the East!
“Hoping the communal boilers will get fired up tomorrow. Very grateful to the emergency services for acting so quickly and in so great a number to get everyone out and to secure the situation so that no-one was hurt.
“If any real good has come from this incident and the evacuation, it's that we've met our neighbours from the whole development and the community within our little development we call home has really come together.
“The power of Twitter brought us together and now that we have exchanged contact details, are arranging dinners and parties.
“I'm glad to be home. A whirlwind 24 hours!”
The circumstances that led to the car colliding with the energy plant remain unclear.
American students lag behind many other industrialized countries in math and science. And now, some students are enrolling in after-school programs called “Russian math.”
It relies mainly on Russian teachers and methods to help American students from kindergarten to high school. It began in the Northeast, but is now spreading across the country — as far as San Diego, Seattle and San Jose. Carey Goldberg (@commonhealth) of Here & Now contributor WBUR reports.
Following Friday night rocket attack, Israel Air Force strikes two Hamas targets in southern Gaza.
Israel Air Force planes on Saturday hit two Hamas targets at a military site in southern Gaza, an IDF spokesperson reported.
The strike was in retaliation for a rocket fired at Israel from Gaza on Friday night.
Friday's rocket exploded in an open area, miraculously causing no injuries or damage.
The IDF also noted that an air raid siren sounding in the Eshkol region around 12:00a.m. Saturday morning was a false alarm, since no rockets were fired into Israeli territory.
Following the strikes on Hamas, an IDF spokesperson emphasized that "the IDF sees Hamas as being solely responsible for what happens in Gaza."
At 10 a.m., the center of Nate was located about 175 miles southeast of Cozumel
At 10 a.m., the center of Nate was located about 175 miles southeast of Cozumel
By STACEY PLAISANCE and KEVIN McGILLAssociated Press
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - When Tropical Storm Nate formed and forecasts put New Orleans in its projected path for this weekend, one big question loomed for residents and business owners: Will the pumps work?
"That's now a thought in everybody who lives in New Orleans," said Devin Shearman, a manager at Katie's restaurant and lounge, which flooded during an unexpected rainstorm Aug. 5. It was one of two flash floods this past summer that led to revelations about personnel and equipment problems at the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board, the agency that runs the pumping system that drains the city.
Some pumps weren't working. Some turbines that provide power to the pumps were down. There weren't enough people on hand to man the system.
"Since early August, we have made substantial progress," New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said of work to upgrade the city drainage system. But they warned at a Thursday news conference that extremely heavy rain and storm surge from Nate still could pose flood dangers.
Nate formed in the western Caribbean Sea and moved into Central America on Thursday. Forecasters said it would likely emerge in the Gulf of Mexico and strengthen, possibly reaching hurricane strength before a Sunday morning landfall somewhere along the Louisiana, Mississippi or Alabama coast. Officials in the resort town of Grand Isle on a vulnerable barrier island south of New Orleans called a voluntary evacuation Thursday. To the east, in coastal St. Bernard Parish, authorities ordered an evacuation of areas not protected by levees.
In the center of Nate's possible destinations was New Orleans, where the summer floods shook public confidence in the Sewerage and Water Board.
It's a state-created agency governed by a board that includes the mayor and appointees of the mayor and the City Council.
After the Aug. 5 revelations, the agency's executive director, Cedric Grant, resigned. Landrieu announced the appointment of a new six-member emergency team to run the agency, make immediate upgrades and recommend long-term changes.
The team is headed by veteran emergency expert Paul Rainwater.
"It's an antiquated system," Rainwater said Thursday, as they discussed their work and the decisions ahead on what will be needed in terms of equipment and personnel.
As of Thursday, city officials said, 108 of 120 pumps and 26 power generators were in place to back up working turbines. Also, the city said efforts to clean thousands of street catch basins had been stepped up, with vacuum trucks dispatched to various areas to suck out thick mud and debris.
Long-term, a major question facing the city is whether to stick with nearly century-old pumps, which cost a lot of money and manpower to maintain but last longer than newer pumps that are reported to have shorter lifespans.
Many are also questioning where the S&WB leadership needs to rest. One option is reducing its autonomy - making it a department directly under the mayor with scrutiny from the council. It's a suggestion New Orleans Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux has made to the mayor and City Council in letters for years.
Meanwhile, city officials must deal with the public's shaken faith in the drainage system.
The Sewerage and Water Board's emergency management team also included a new public relations director - a result of early, erroneous initial statements that the pumps were all working during the Aug. 5 floods.
"There was a lot of misinformation, or lies, frankly, about where we stood," City Council President Jason Williams said in a recent interview. "Moving forward, we've got to make sure that the Sewerage & Water Board is transparent to the public and to all branches of government, because clearly that wasn't happening, and that there's veracity, just being really honest."
Williams said in a recent interview that council members recently learned to pump capacity wasn't tested ahead of the hurricane season that began June 1.
"It's not a time to figure out things when you're underwater and when you're in a kayak," they said.
"I'm glad they're addressing it, finally, but I don't know if you can get my approval for addressing it now, after something's happened," said Shearman, who says patrons were stranded in the restaurant for hours in August when water in the streets was thigh-high. "Trust can be brought back. It's not going to come overnight though. It's going to take a lot of time."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Hoodlums vandalise 500KVA transformer in Nasarawa
Mr Adams Nangba, the District Head of Wakama in Nasarawa Eggon Local Government Area of Nasarawa State, has called for the restoration of electricity supply to the community.
Nangba made the appeal when they led other community leaders to the site of a vandalised 500KVA transformer donated by Rep. David Umbugadu (PDP-Nasarawa) to Awogbre on Wednesday.
They told newsmen at the scene that unknown criminals vandalised MD metres and armoured cables of the transformer.
The traditional ruler expressed sadness over the criminal destruction of the source of power supply to the area on the night of June 12.
“As you can see, I with my village heads and my community people are assessing the level of damage done to the transformer which was donated to the community by Hon. Umbugadu, member representing Akwanga/Nassarawa Eggon/Wamba federal constituency.
“We are really very sad and disappointed on what has happened. As you can see, this transformer was installed for the benefit of my people but we discovered that the transformer has been vandalised by unknown suspects.
“We are calling and appealing to the management of Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) to provide adequate security to guard its facilities across the state so that the people can enjoy constant power supply,” they said.
Nangba also called for 24 hours police patrol in their domain in the interest of peace and national development.
They also called on the members of the community to remain calm, adding that the matter had already been reported to the appropriate authorities for necessary action.
Besides, the district head enjoined people of the area to be security conscious, law abiding, respect constituted authorities and live in peace irrespective of ethnic, religious and political affiliation for the overall development of the country.
Some of the residents of the community who spoke with newsmen lamented over the situation and called on government to provide adequate security to rural communities in order to protect lives and properties.
The post Hoodlums vandalise 500KVA transformer in Nasarawa appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ST. LOUIS — The Latest on the investigation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
12:05 p.m.
An attorney for the ex-husband of a woman who had an extramarital affair with Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens has been issued a subpoena by a legislative committee concerning $100,000 in anonymous payments to the attorney's firm.
Attorney Al Watkins on Tuesday confirmed he's received a subpoena. They expect to meet with the committee in early May. Watkins says he'll be “as co-operative as possible.”
Greitens is accused of two felonies in St. Louis. One accuses them of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of the woman in 2015, before they were elected. Another accuses them of illegally obtaining a donor list from a veterans charity they founded for use in their gubernatorial campaign.
Watkins disclosed Monday that a courier delivered two $50,000 payments to their office in January, just before the governor admitted to the affair. Watkins says they were contacted by an intermediary and deduced from the conversation that the money was for the ex-husband's legal bills.
——
10:25 a.m.
A judge is expected to consider a request to disqualify St. Louis prosecutors from one of the two felony cases against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
A hearing is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon in the computer data tampering case against Greitens. In that case, Greitens is accused of obtaining a charity donor list for their gubernatorial campaign without permission.
Greitens also faces a felony invasion-of-privacy charge for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman with whom they had an affair in 2015, before they were elected.
Defence lawyers asked Judge Rex Burlison to require a special prosecutor in the computer tampering case, citing the use of a private investigator in the earlier case. They say prosecutors knew William Tisaby lied under oath.
CLEVELAND, Ohio (WYTV) – The Cleveland Cavaliers will open the 2017-18 campaign on Tuesday, October 17 at Quicken Loans Arena against the Boston Celtics in a nationally televised game between last year's Eastern Conference Finals opponents at 8:00 p.m. ET on TNT. This will mark the eighth time in nine years the Cavs will tip off the season at The Q, where they will play 17 weekend home dates comprised of five Friday games, seven Saturday games and five Sunday games. The Cavaliers are slated to appear on at least 39 national television broadcasts, 20 of which will originate from downtown Cleveland at The Q.
Nationally televised games include:
10 games on ESPN (Oct. 20 at Milwaukee, Nov. 3 at Washington, Nov. 15 at Charlotte, Jan. 3 at Boston, Feb. 7 vs. Minnesota, March 7 at Denver, March 11 at L.A. Lakers, March 19 vs. Milwaukee, March 21 vs. Toronto and March 30 vs. New Orleans).
12 games on TNT (Oct. 17 vs. Boston, Nov. 9 at Houston, Dec. 14 vs. L.A. Lakers, Jan. 11 at Toronto, Jan. 15 vs. Golden State, Jan. 23 at San Antonio, Jan. 30 at Detroit, Feb. 13 at Oklahoma City, Feb. 22 vs. Washington, March 1 vs. Philadelphia, March 27 at Miami and April 5 vs. Washington).
5 games on ABC (Dec. 25 at Golden State, Jan. 20 vs. Oklahoma City, Feb. 3 vs. Houston, Feb. 11 at Boston and Feb. 25 vs. San Antonio).
12 games on NBA TV (Oct. 24 vs. Chicago, Nov. 7 vs. Milwaukee, Nov. 24 vs. Charlotte, Nov. 28 vs. Miami, Dec. 19 at Milwaukee, Jan. 2 vs. Portland, March 5 vs. Detroit, March 9 at L.A. Clippers, March 28 at Charlotte, April 1 vs. Dallas, April 6 at Philadelphia and April 9 at New York).
FOX Sports Ohio will broadcast a maximum 70 regular season games on television, including all games that are not national TV exclusives.
For the 14th time in franchise history, the Cavaliers will play on Christmas Day when they visit the Golden State Warriors in a 2017 NBA Finals rematch on ABC at 3:00 p.m. ET. The two teams will meet again when the Cavs host the Warriors in Cleveland for an MLK Day matchup on Jan. 15 at 8:00 p.m. ET on TNT.
The Wine and Gold will also compete on Veterans Day (Nov. 11) at Dallas and on Easter (April 1) versus the Mavericks at The Q.
Marquee opponents coming to Cleveland only once this season includes the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday, Dec. 14; the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday, Jan. 2; the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday, Jan. 20; the Houston Rockets on Saturday, Feb. 3 and the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday, Feb. 25.
Cleveland will match up against each Eastern Conference opponent four times with the exception of Boston (one home, two road), Charlotte (one home, two road), Toronto (two home, one road) and Miami (two home, one road). Each Western Conference opponent will play the Cavaliers twice, once at The Q and once on the road.
Other ‘stats' on Cleveland's 2017-18 schedule include:
– 13 sets of back-to-back games (down from 18 last season), including five home-road sets (Oct. 24-25, Dec. 16-17, Jan. 2-3, Feb. 22-23 and April 5-6), six road-home sets (Oct. 20-21, Oct. 28-29, Nov. 27-28, Dec. 8-9, Jan. 30-31 and Feb. 6-7) and two road-road sets (Jan. 11-12 and March 27-28).
– Cleveland opens the season with seven of their first 11 games at The Q.
– The Cavs' first road game will be against the Central Division Milwaukee Bucks on Oct. 20.
– Three matinee games at home this season, which include Nov. 5 vs. Atlanta (3:00 p.m. ET), Jan. 20 vs. Oklahoma City (3:30 p.m. ET) and Feb. 25 vs. San Antonio (3:30 p.m. ET).
– Cleveland's longest homestand consists of five games over nine days from Feb. 25-March 5, featuring matchups with San Antonio (Feb. 25), Brooklyn (Feb. 27), Philadelphia (March 1), Denver (March 3) and Detroit (March 5).
– The Cavs also have two four-game homestands (Dec. 9-Dec. 16 and March 30-April 5), two three-game homestands (Jan. 15-20 and March 19-23) and six two-game homestands (Oct. 21-24, Oct. 29-Nov. 1, Nov. 5-7, Nov. 22-24, Jan. 26-28 and Jan. 31-Feb. 3).
– Their longest road trip, spanning six games over 11 days from March 7-17, includes trips to Denver (March 7), L.A. Clippers (March 9), L.A. Lakers (March 11), Phoenix (March 13), Portland (March 15) and Chicago (March 17).
– The Wine and Gold will head into the All-Star break after a three-game road trip from Feb. 9-13 against Atlanta (Feb. 9), Boston (Feb. 11) and Oklahoma City (Feb. 13) and will return from the break with six of their next seven games at The Q (Feb. 22-March 5).
– Cleveland will play nine road games in March, their most away games in a single month for the season.
– The Cavaliers will close out the regular season at home versus the New York Knicks on April 11.
COURTESY: CLEVELAND CAVALIERS
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed California Officials Race to Shore Up Reservoir in Danger of Collapse 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A mandatory evacuation affecting nearly 200,000 people around Lake Oroville in California was downgraded to an evacuation warning Tuesday — with the caution that the condition of the dam that imperils the area could still change quickly.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said told the tens of thousands who were forced to leave their homes were free to return, but they urged them "to remain vigilant and prepared as conditions can rapidly change."
An evacuation center at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds will remain open, but all other locations in the county will close, the sheriff's office said.
Evacuees from cities surrounding the Lake Oroville Dam line up for dinner at a shelter Monday in Chico. Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP
Officials were still racing to shore up the Oroville Dam's emergency spillway before more rains can pummel the area and place the structure under even greater stress.
Engineers were trying to lower the water level in Lake Oroville, which lies behind the United States' tallest dam. The dam itself hasn't been damaged, but because the water levels are so high, the emergency spillway had threatened to flood nearby communities if it failed.
Photos: Crippled Oroville Dam Threatens California Gold Rush Town
After authorities rapidly drained water from the lake at 100,000 cubic feet per second and bolstered the area with boulders and reinforcements, the risk has been greatly reduced, Honea said.
The Oroville Dam spillway releases 100,000 cubic feet of water per second down the main spillway in Oroville, California, on Monday. Josh Edelson / AFP - Getty Images
A storm forecast for later this week had threatened to increase the risk of the spillway's failing, but Honea said that with less rain being predicted, the threat wasn't as great as had been thought.
Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Water Resources Department, agreed that the situation had been stabilized and said crews were making "significant gains in removing water from the reservoir, which ... can further reduce the risk to our situation."
Related: Officials Race Against Rains to Prevent California Dam Disaster
In addition to the updated weather forecasts, Honea said the decision to lower the evacuation order was made because of lower lake levels, new inspections and work to shore up the spillway.
Rock is prepped to be used on the Lake Oroville Dam after an evacuation was ordered for communities downstream from the dam, in Oroville, California on Feb. 13, 2017. Jim Urquhart / Reuters
Since the threat of a spillway failure was identified, reinforcing boulders have been placed at the rate of 40 truckloads per hour, and helicopters also moved reinforcements every minute and a half, Croyle said.
Croyle added that design teams were in place to reconstruct parts of the spillway, which was built in the 1960s, and that there would be a seamless transition into rebuilding the infrastructure.
"There's about 125 construction crews on point. So there's a lot of people, a lot of equipment. ... We're not holding back on addressing this issue," they said.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe speaks during an Audit and Oversight of Administration Committee session at the lower house of Parliament in Tokyo Monday, April 17, 2017. Abe said Monday that Japan's government is drawing up contingency plans in case a crisis on the Korean Peninsula sends an influx of refugees to Japan. Abe told a parliamentary session that the government is formulating measures including protecting foreigners, landing procedures, building and operating shelters, and screening asylum seekers. (Yoshinobu Shimizu/Kyodo News via AP)
TOKYO (AP) — Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday that Japan's government is drawing up contingency plans in case a crisis on the Korean Peninsula sends an influx of refugees to Japan.
Abe told a parliamentary session that the government is formulating measures including protecting foreigners, landing procedures, building and operating shelters, and screening asylum seekers.
Abe's disclosure came in response to a question that had been occasionally asked in the past but is now more realistic than ever with North Korea's missile capability rapidly advancing and tension with the U.S. rising.
The government has been also working on evacuation plans for about 60,000 Japanese from South Korea in case of a crisis.
Abe is set to discuss North Korea on Tuesday with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
Pence will be flying to Tokyo from South Korea, where they declared "the era of strategic patience (with North Korea) is over," reiterating President Donald Trump administration's shift toward applying more pressure on Pyongyang. Abe praised the policy, noting a recent bilateral statement confirming the U.S. commitment to defending Japan with the use of both nuclear and conventional arms as extended deterrence.
"We'll closely cooperate with the U.S. and South Korea to change (North Korea's) attitude, and encourage China to play a greater role," Abe said.
Key ministers of Abe's National Security Council met to analyze the latest development in North Korea and discuss Japanese responses, said Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, without elaborating.
On Friday, the NSC members discussed how to deal with a possibility that armed North Korean soldiers pretending to be refugees may try to enter Japan, Kyodo News reported. According to one scenario, a U.S. military action sends a massive number of North Korean refugees to the Japanese coast in boats, but some armed soldiers hiding among them could plot terrorist activities after landing, Kyodo said.
Japan's government is considering dispatching commercial or military aircraft and vessels to South Korea in case Japanese nationals need to be evacuated. But critics say sending military aircraft and vessels is a sensitive issue for South Korea because of its bitter memories from the Japanese military aggression and colonization in the first half of 1900s.
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
Updated: Added information about new Cloud DVR availability on Xbox One consoles, new features, and new channels.
Sling TV has gone through multiple evolutions since it debuted at CES 2015 (winning our Best in Show award in the process). Since then, it's become an ever-present option for the cord-cutting crowd looking for live TV without the bonds of cable. However, the service's multiple options have made it increasingly complicated.
To help simplify everything Sling has to offer (it's a lot!), we've put together a comprehensive, hands-on evaluation so you can see if it's right for you.
Sling TV: What it is and isn't
Dish Network would still be happy to sell you 250 channels for $85 per month, and it doesn't intend Sling TV to replace full-blown satellite service or cable. Instead, it hopes to meet the needs of so-called cord-cutters (those who quit cable) or cord-nevers (those who never had it), who can't get everything they want from traditional streaming sites like Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu. That's what makes Sling TV's inclusion of sports networks like ESPN and NFL Network so attractive – live streaming sports are hard to come by outside of a contract.
Sling TV's selection of channels was lean to start, but it's starting to beef up, and the channels it does offer (listed below) are fairly popular. The service also offers video-on-demand from a handful of the channels it offers, as well as movie rentals. Best of all, Sling TV requires no sign-up fee, no contract, and you can test it out with a one-week free trial before fully diving in.
Available channels
Below, you'll find charts for each of the base Sling TV channel packages, followed by a listing of the channels included in $5 add-on packages. The number of available channels for each package has grown and changed over time, and is likely to continue expanding and altering into the future, but we'll do our best to update these listings as they change. Current listings here are up to date as of April 2017.
Sling Orange and Blue subscriptions also include the Broadcast Extra add-on pack at no additional charge.
A quick glance at the above listings shows that there are some major differences in channels included with each of the package options. Sling Orange includes multiple sports channels, most notably a suite of ESPN channels including ESPN, ESPN 2, and ESPN 3. Sling Blue, on the other hand, drops the sports but adds in networks like Fox and NBC. This is a bit of a conundrum, as being able to stream both live sports and network content without a cable subscription are major draws of services like Sling TV.
If you're looking to keep costs low, you'll have to pick between the two options. Luckily for those who don't mind paying extra, there's a third option, “Sling Orange and Blue,” which includes all the channels from both Orange and Blue packages for $40/month. It's a bit more expensive, to be sure, but you won't have to decide between live sports on ESPN with Orange or network streaming with Blue.
Note: Below are the available add-on packs. Be aware that some packages differ depending on which color of Sling TV you choose. If you subscribe to both Orange and Blue, every channel from each package will be available.
$5 add-on packs
World News Extra (Orange): BBC World News, HLN, News18, euronews, France 24, NDTV 24×7, RT Network
World News Extra (Blue): Everything above, plus CNBC and MSNBC
Broadcast Extra: ABC, Univision, UniMas (Broadcast Extra is included as a free addition in “Sling Orange and Blue” subscriptions for select markets, specifically: Chicago, Fresno-Visalia, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, Raleigh-Durham and San Francisco.)
Comedy Plus Extra: MTV, TruTV, Spike, MTV2, CMT, GSN, Logo, TV Land
Lifestyle Extra: VH1, BET, Cooking Channel, DIY, FYI, WE TV, Lifetime Movie Network, Oxygen, E!, Vibrant, Hallmark Channel, Hallmark Movies & Mysteries
Heartland Extra: PixL, Family Net, Sportsman Channel, Outdoor Channel, World Fishing Network, RFD-TV
Kids Extra (Orange): Disney Junior, Disney XD, Nick Jr., Nicktoons, TeenNick, Boomerang, Baby TV, and Duck TV
Kids Extra (Blue): Nick Jr., Nicktoons, TeenNick, Boomerang, Baby TV, and Duck TV
Sports Extra (Orange): NBA TV , NHL Network , ESPN Bases Loaded , ESPN Buzzer Beater , ESPN Goal Line , ESPNEWS , ESPNU , ESPN SEC Network , ESPN SEC Network+ , Motors TV North Am, Outside Television , beIN Sports, Campus Insiders , PAC12 Network , Univision Deportes
Hollywood Extra pack: Epix, Epix2, Epix Hits, Epix Drive-in, TCM, HDNET Movies, Sundance TV
$10 add-on packs
Sports Extra (Blue): NFL RedZone, NBA TV , NHL Network , Motors TV North Am, Outside Television , beIN Sports, Campus Insiders , PAC12 Network , Univision Deportes
In addition to these add-on packs, Sling TV offers live and on-demand content from premium network HBO for an additional $15/month, the same price as the HBO Now standalone app. Similar add-ons are also available from Cinemax for $10, Showtime for $10 (including eight varieties) and STARZ — which includes STARZ, STARZ Encore, STARZ Kids & Family, STARZ Edge, STARZ Comedy and STARZ West — for $9. (Note that you may stream HBO on up to three devices via Sling TV regardless of your subscription plan.)
Single stream vs. multiple streams
Only certain subscription packages allow for multiple simultaneous streams. If you opt for the basic package, Sling Orange, you'll be restricted to streaming from just one device at a time. You can easily jump from your tablet to your streaming set-top box, for instance, but you can't use both at the same time. The other, more expensive subscription plans allow for up to three simultaneous streams.
Video on demand
Sling TV offers a fairly robust selection of movies on demand at launch, with even more promised in the near future. Rental costs are $2.99 for SD and $3.99 for HD. The eclectic library includes a healthy selection of Disney flicks, and plenty of big-budget fares. In addition, a new deal with Epix will bring in around 2,000 VOD titles, with titles new and old, spanning the gamut of popular programming.
Titles are broken down into categories including Action & Adventure, Comedy, Documentary, Drama, Foreign Films, Horror, Kids and Family, Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Thriller, Classics, Romance, War & Westerns. A search feature is also available to make finding out if a specific title is available much easier.
User experience
Interface
We expected it to take some time to learn how to wade through a new layout, so it came as no surprise that Sling TV felt a little awkward at first. But in less than a day, we became accustomed.
Sling TV avoids the blocky “guide graph” of your home DVR in favor of a slicker, timeline-based programming guide, enriched with thumbnail graphics for each show. We're also glad to see an integrated search feature, which makes finding a specific movie in Sling TV's on-demand catalog much easier.
The UI feels better on a tablet or phone than it does on our Roku or Amazon Fire TV, probably because Sling TV's design lends itself better to a touchscreen or point-and-click interface than it does with directional cursor navigation.
Video quality
We tested Sling TV on a 65-inch TV screen, which we expected would expose any shortcomings in video quality…and it did. With a strong internet connection and good throughput, we felt like we were watching 720p at best. Cable, Satellite, Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu all have better-looking HD streams in our estimation. On smaller screens, compression artifacts and poor resolution are much less noticeable. We think Sling TV looks just fine for screens 47-inches and smaller, and beautiful on tablets and phones.
Loading and buffering
A solid, speedy Internet connection is recommended for the best Sling TV experience, but not required. Users can choose to stream at Low quality (0.5 Mbps) Medium (0.8Mbps) High (1.5Mbps) or Best (no limit). We streamed at the best quality and experienced longer load times and some buffering, depending on the state of our Internet connection, but it's nice to know those with fast connections can get a quality experience, and those with bandwidth caps can control data consumption.
Shifty time shifting
Whether or not you are able to pause, rewind or fast-forward — also known as “time shifting” — what you're watching will depend on which channel you're watching, as not all support this feature. Sling continually adds time shifting support to new channels, with a little over a third of the channels now supported.
On the plus side, those channels that do allow time shifting will let you go back as far as three days in the program history, so you can catch episodes of your favorite shows on those channels that you may have missed.
Cloud DVR
If you want to ensure that you don't miss anything, Sling TV's cloud DVR feature will help. The feature isn't available on all supported devices at present, but Sling is working to ensure that everything will be in tip-top shape by the full rollout.
Sling unveiled its cloud DVR at the end of 2016 via a limited beta that was only available to Roku users, but has since launched a $5-per-month “First Look” cloud DVR program that is available for Amazon Fire TV streamers and tablets, Android TVs and smart devices, Apple TV, and Xbox One consoles. Further support for Windows 10, iOS devices, and AirTV players is expected sometime in 2017.
Exactly how much DVR space you have currently depends on the device you're using. Cloud DVR beta users get 100 hours of storage, while First Look customers get 50 hours — apparently, it pays to be a Roku user. Unlike the cloud DVR functionality provided by competitor PlayStation Vue, there is no 28-day time limit, just the storage limit. Once you start approaching the limit, Sling TV automatically makes space by deleting the oldest recordings that you have already watched.
However, on June 14 Sling TV added the “protect” feature, which prevents a show from being automatically culled. Other added features include DVR folders for organizing your recorded content, and the ability to set up recordings from a show's franchise page in the Sling TV guide.
In addition, June saw the addition of DVR support for FOX channels, including FOX Sports 1. As with time shifting, cloud DVR recording isn't available on all channels, and you'll often find that the channels that don't allow DVR recording also don't allow time shifting. However, users are able to record multiple shows simultaneously on channels that currently support the feature. While it's a bummer this feature isn't open to all channels, Sling TV has been steadily increasing the number of supported channels as the service grows.
Supported devices
Sling TV is available on a host of devices, and very likely on one (or multiple) you already own.
Available on:
Not yet …
PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4
Our take
Sling TV isn't for everyone, and Dish knows that. Still, at $20 a month for the basic package (or $25 or $40 for the more expansive ones) with no contracts, commitments, or cancellation fees, it's certainly worth a shot for those who have only kept cable around for channels like ESPN, CNN, or HDTV. Pair it with an HD antenna, and a couple of other streaming services like Netflix and Hulu Plus, and Sling TV can become an important part of a complete cord-cutter's diet.
In the end, what's there to lose besides your cable provider?
Try Sling TV free for 7 days
SALISBURY, N.C. — The Newberry women's lacrosse team (5-11, 1-6 SAC) fell to conference opponent Catawba (12-4, 4-3 SAC) on Saturday afternoon by a final score of 18-5.
It took the Catawba Indians just 11 seconds into the game to break the scoreless tie, leading to the Catawba Indians seven unanswered goals. Three of those came from Indians first-year student Gianna Pezzulo, before Rachel Dillon put Newberry on the board notching their 43rd goal of the season.
Dillon recorded two goals on the day, putting the sophomore in third place in school history with 44 goals so far this season. The Chesapeake Beach, Md. native is one goal shy of a second place tie, and six short of the single season mark set by KerriAnn Barlage in 2014. They also sit at third all-time in school history in points in a single season with 52.
Despite the Wolves' second half efforts, they were outmatched by a Catawba squad who had nine different players record a goal. Kirstyn Kruse and Pezzulo led the way, tallying four apiece on the afternoon.
Maddie Campbell added to their career-high season chipping in two goals to give the senior a total of 27 on the season, which is 15 more than their total from just a year ago.
Savannah Ohliger put home their sixth goal of the season early in the second period on a feed from Courtlyn Warren; however, the Indians healthy advantage and goalkeeper play, fended off the Wolves.
Newberry will honor its seniors next weekend in their final game of the 2017 season when they take on Queen's University University. Game time is set for 3 p.m.
Dillon http://newberryobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Dillon.jpg Dillon
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
As tensions with North Korea mount, Hawaii lawmakers anxiously are dusting off the state's emergency plans in preparation for the possibility – however remote – of an attack on the islands.
The plans were last revisited in the 1980s. But the Hawaii House Public Safety Committee on Thursday formally called for the state's defense agency to repair their hundreds of Cold War-era fallout shelters and restock them with medical supplies, food and water.
“They haven't been updated since 1985,” Rep. Matt LoPresti, a Democrat who serves as vice chair of that committee, told Hawaii News Now. “I was 11 years old when they were last updated. Many of the buildings that are on the fallout shelter list don't exist anymore.”
While the bellicose threats and displays of weapons capability in Pyongyang are playing out on the other side of the world for most Americans, Hawaii residents – some old enough to remember the last time their home was at the frontlines – see the dispute much differently. Honolulu is roughly 4,600 miles from the North Korean capital of Pyongyang.
TRUMP ON NORTH KOREA: ‘GOTTA BEHAVE'
A North Korean missile launched Sunday to showcase the country's nuclear and missile capabilities in honor of the birthday of its late founder failed just seconds after launch.
However, satellite images show a sixth nuclear launch has been primed. And experts have said North Korea possesses, or could soon have, the capability to launch intercontinental ballistic missiles or nuclear warheads at Hawaii.
A long-range missile launched from North Korea could reach Hawaii or Alaska, said Dean Cheng, senior research fellow with the Asian Studies Center at the conservative Heritage Foundation. Hawaii is possibly a more desirable target, Cheng said, since the state has 11 military bases, including Pearl Harbor, and is the headquarters for the United States Pacific Command (USPACOM) at Camp Smith.
Cheng warned that since North Korea likely has an imprecise system, missiles launched at Pearl Harbor could actually hit downtown Honolulu or other areas of Oahu.
The impact of a missile hitting the island chain would be horrific, Cheng said. Burn cases would flood the hospitals. The state would need a plan to treat people out of the urban Honolulu center, they said, particularly if Honolulu were hit directly.
While preparing the state for such an attack will take time, Cheng said the state must begin.
“This is a long-term issue that is not going to go away,” Cheng said.
Should North Korea initiate an attack, the state would have just 20 minutes to prepare, said Toby Clairmont, executive officer of the department's Hawaii Emergency Management Agency. They told lawmakers it could take seven years, however, to prepare the state for such an emergency and ensure adequate facilities for the state's 1.42 million residents, including its substantial homeless population, as well as millions of visitors.
Because the vast majority of Hawaii's food supply and other goods are brought in via Jones Act-approved cargo ships to Honolulu Harbor, lawmakers also called for the state to prepare alternative sites for food and supplies to be delivered should the harbor be destroyed.
LoPresti told Hawaii News Now he's not trying to spread fear, but they want the public to know the government is taking steps to protect them in the worst-case scenario.
The resolution, which passed the committee unanimously, requires further House and Senate approvals.
Malia Zimmerman is an award-winning investigative reporter focusing on crime, homeland security, illegal immigration crime, terrorism and political corruption. Follow them on Twitter at @MaliaMZimmerman
Everything you need to know about the cast and characters in series 19 of ITV's detective drama
Midsomer Murders, based on Caroline Graham's Chief Inspector Barnaby book series, has been running since 1997. With each new episode comes a new murder – or several. It's a wonder the whole place hasn't been vacated by now, but then it wouldn't be the classic drama it is.
Advertisement
Meet the cast and characters of series 19, including regulars and guest stars:
Neil Dudgeon plays Detective Chief Inspector John Barnaby
Who is DCI John Barnaby? DCI John Barnaby is the younger cousin of DCI Tom Barnaby. Once Tom retired, John was transferred from Brighton Criminal Investigation Department (CID) to Causton CID to step into the role. They somehow manage to strike a good balance between their work and home life, home being a country cottage in Midsomer.
Where do I recognise Neil Dudgeon from? Neil Dudgeon was first introduced in Midsomer Murders in 2010. In 2011, they took over the lead role from John Nettles who had played DCI Tom Barnaby in the series since its inception. Neil's also appeared in Casualty, A Touch of Frost and Inspector Morse. A little known fact is that they were the taxi driver in Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason who took Bridget (Renée Zellweger) to meet Mark Darcy (Colin Firth) near the end of the film.
Nick Hendrix plays Detective Sergeant Jamie Winter
Who is DS Jamie Winter? Detective Sergeant Jamie Winter is John's right-hand man. He's young, keen, and smart as a whip. He's had a string of predecessors, but he's determined to make their mark and not let anything get past him. He's not bad to look at either. In a town that's full of doom and gloom, he's always welcome for some light relief.
Where do I recognise Nick Hendrix from? Nick Hendrix has done their rounds on the London theatre circuit, working at the National Theatre and in the West End. He's popped up in Black Mirror and Call the Midwife, as well as in films like Legend and Captain America: The First Avenger. They joined the Midsomer Murders cast at the end of 2016. Fun fact: their uncle is ITV News anchor Alastair Stewart.
Fiona Dolman plays Sarah Barnaby
Who is Sarah Barnaby? Sarah Barnaby is John's wife and they've been married for 15 years. They have one daughter together, Betty, and a dog called Sykes. They work as a teacher and is currently writing a novel.
Where do I recognise Fiona Dolman from? Scottish actor Fiona Dolman played Miss Pamela Andrews in The Royal Today, a spinoff to The Royal. She's also starred in Heartbeat.
Manjinder Virk plays Dr Kam Karrimore
Who is Kam? Dr Kate Wilding's replacement as resident pathologist arrived at the beginning of last series. There is romantic tension between them and DS Winter.
Where do I recognise Manjinder Virk from? The actor starred as Marianne in Ordinary Lies and Simran Baines in Hunted. They have also made appearances in Doctors, Holby City, The Bill, Skins, and Monroe.
Advertisement
Is Kam really leaving Midsomer Murders? Yes: the final episode of series 19 (The Curse of the Ninth) is Manjinder Virk's final appearance in the show, as their character has been offered a job in Montreal.
New reports show that people are eating out less and less — because why walk to a restaurant when you can have an entire meal brought to your desk or sofa via a tap on that ever-present smartphone?
The NPD Group, a market research firm, says a new report shows lunchtime visits — the time of day people are most likely to go — to fast-food restaurants fell by 2 percent in 2016. And new research suggests our increasingly diverse digital lives and more loosely defined workdays are to blame.
A man eats lunch at their desk iStockphoto via Getty Images
"Consumers no longer have the same definition of convenience that they once had, given the rise in technology, mobile apps and delivery," said Diana Kelter, food service analyst at market research firm Mintel.
"I think there are a number of things that are having an impact on the decline in lunch visits," said Bonnie Riggs, NPD Group restaurant industry analyst.
Whatever Happened to the Lunch Break?
One big problem for restaurants is that the workday lunch hour just isn't what it used to be, especially for the telecommuters who can just walk to the fridge for a midday meal instead of hopping into the car.
"We definitely have a lot more people working from home," Riggs said. In addition, the shift to online shopping means fewer people hitting the mall during their lunch hours, then swinging by a fast-food chain on their way back to the office.
It appears more people are just skipping lunch, turning coffee shops and even grocery store dining areas into extension of their home offices, or taking a mid-afternoon break instead.
"The rise in the remote workforce likely creates fewer occasions for workforce meals," Darren Tristano, president of research and consulting firm Technomic, said via email.
"More consumers are spending time at places like Starbucks and Panera lingering, working and meeting with others," they said. "Workers are eating out but spreading their purchases across a larger volume of restaurant choices including convenience stores, supermarket foodservice and delivery options."
There also is a generational element at work here, Kelter added, as millennials become more dominant in the workforce.
Where There's Wi-Fi, There's a Way
"With the shift in more offices offering remote work policies, this generation is not only changing their lunch habits, but also seeking convenient locations to work from," they said. "With more places offering free Wi-Fi, which is often the only requirement consumers need to accomplish their work, the competition only grows."
"Lunch is a meal that you can cut back on and you have other options," Riggs said. "When it comes to lunch we're not having a full lunch. We're trading down and calling it a snack."
NPD found that while the number of people hitting the drive-thru for afternoon snacks — predominantly between 2:00 and 4:00 p.m. — ticked up 2 percent in the last quarter of 2016, those visits make up only 18 percent of the total for the fast food sector, which isn't enough to offset the falloff at lunchtime.
Diners have more options if they want to eat lunch at home without having to turn on the oven. Third-party delivery services are proliferating; in addition to GrubHub, the growth of the so-called gig economy means that on-demand options from Uber, Postmates and other digital platforms are entering the market.
Fast Food, Slow Money
The economics of eating out has shifted, as well; food inflation is low, but other factors have contributed to a creep up in menu prices, deterring would-be diners.
A December NPD survey found that three-quarters of respondents said they're watching their finances, and Riggs said gap between what it costs to cook a meal at home versus eat out is significant enough that it deters cost-conscious diners.
In the fast-food category, the average difference in checks where a deal like a buy-one-get-one free offer was used versus a la carte purchases shrank from nearly 50 cents to just 12 cents.
"It's cheaper to eat at home," they said. "Consumers are saying it's not a good value for the money, it costs too much."
A spokesperson for Barack Obama said the former president will attend Dan Rooney's funeral on Tuesday, according to the Pittsburgh Tribune.
Obama is not expected to speak during the service for the former Pittsburgh Steelers owner, Obama spokesperson Kevin Lewis told the Tribune. Rooney was appointed ambassador to Ireland by Obama in 2009, a post they held until 2012.
“Michelle and I offer our condolences to the Rooney family, some of the most gracious and thoughtful people we know — even as we celebrate the life of Dan Rooney: a championship-caliber good man,” Obama said in a statement.
Rooney died last Thursday at the age of 84.
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) The Rose Parade is underway under cloudy skies and with additional security.
The 128th annual parade got started Monday with an added police presence and measures to prevent a vehicle from barreling into the route.
Sturdy barricades are erected at more than 50 intersections to prevent a terrorist attack like ones that happened in Berlin and France last year when trucks plowed into crowds.
Flower-covered floats feature waterfalls, a roller coaster and surfing dogs. The AIDS Healthcare Foundation has a float honoring the 49 killed in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Three survivors of that attack were on the float titled ”To Honor and Remember Orlando.”
Three Olympic gold medalists, runner Allyson Felix, diver Greg Louganis and swimmer Janet Evans, are grand marshals of the parade.
At the Oklahoma Policy Institute, we often take stands on hotly debated issues. We're used to controversy, but one of our stands has become surprisingly controversial – our optimism about Oklahoma's future and conviction that we can come together to make big improvements in the quality of life in our communities.
We don't hear much of that optimism these days when it comes to politics. On social media and other forums, far more passion goes into condemning politicians and tearing down the other side than to identifying what we have in common. Americans' frustration with politics – though it is well-justified in many cases – can cause us to forget the ways we come together every day to make life better here.
In the 110 years since statehood, Oklahoma has gone through good years and bad, through oil booms and busts, through the Dust Bowl and the long recovery. Many came here with nothing but hope for a better future, and they built the modern communities we live in today. Our parents and grandparents accomplished all this because they knew that a thriving community doesn't happen by itself. It takes all of us chipping in to pay for things like schools with good teachers, modern infrastructure, quality health care, and first responders looking out for our safety.
That work continues today. Every day, Oklahoma's teachers, social workers, state troopers, and other state workers provide education for nearly 700,000 students in public schools, care for seniors, veterans, and those with disabilities or mental illness, and ensure that streets and homes are safe and that economic ground rules are enforced.
Along the way, we've solved big problems by working together, like improving land management practices to prevent another Dust Bowl and expanding public insurance to bring vital health services to hundreds of thousands of children.
A lesson of our history is that Oklahomans can come together to solve difficult problems. It requires political leaders to put forward bold ideas, take the time to allow input, and then build consensus. It requires active citizens to keep pressure on lawmakers to see it through. And it requires the willingness to put Oklahomans first by using all the resources available to invest in our communities – by the private sector, nonprofits, and government. We've done it before; we can do it again.
Gene Perry is policy director of the Oklahoma Policy Institute (www.okpolicy.org).
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
President Donald Trump cannot block Twitter users for the political views they have expressed, a federal judge in Manhattan ruled on Wednesday.
Blocking users from viewing their Twitter account — a feature offered by the social media platform — is unconstitutional and a violation of the First Amendment, Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald wrote in their ruling.
"While we must recognize, and are sensitive to, the President's personal First Amendment rights, they cannot exercise those rights in a way that infringes the corresponding First Amendment rights of those who have criticized him," Buchwald wrote.
The government had argued that blocked individuals could still access the president's tweets. The judge agreed but said that even considering the president's First Amendment rights, preventing users from interacting directly with them on Twitter represented a violation of a "real, albeit narrow, slice of speech."
The case had been brought by the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
It argued that the @realDonaldTrump Twitter account is a "public forum" under the First Amendment.
By Mukudzei Chingwere
Highlanders chairperson Modern Ngwenya has bemoaned their club's poor season which was underlined by the absence of any Bosso player on the 2017 Castle Soccer Stars calendar.
It will be rare sight for the multitude of Highlanders fans to look at the calendar of top Premiership performers of the year and find that there is no-one adorning the famous black and white Bosso strip.
Yet in the past such players like the legendary Peter Ndlovu, the late Mercedes Sibanda, Peter Ndlovu, Zenzo Moyo and Dazzy Kapenya have previously landed the top gong and Bosso had presented the country with some of the best talent.
Save for this season and a few others Highlanders have always had a consistent presence if not dominance on the soccer stars calendar.
In 2012 under Kevin Kaindu they had four players on the final 11, Masimba Mambare, Arial Sibanda, Innocent Mapuranga and Mthulisi Maphosa.
After leaving the soccer stars banquet empty handed Ngwenya, acknowledged that they had a forgettable season in which the Bulawayo giants were conspicuous s by their absence from the championship fight which was largely a four team race involving eventual champions FC Platinum, Dynamos, Ngezi Platinum and Chicken Inn.
“It is because it was a bad patch and it is natural that every club goes through a bad patch.
“As you know Highlanders on a day like this we would have produced three Soccer Star finalists or even the Soccer Star himself.
We used to grace this podium with a Soccer Star the likes of Mercedes Sibanda, Zenzo Moyo, Dazzy Kapenya. We have produced stars at highlanders,” Ngwenya said.
Asked what might have befallen the Bulawayo giants to perform badly this season the Bosso chairperson blamed their former coach Erol Akbay.
“Unfortunately them (Akbay) announcing that they were not going to renew their contract demoralised, disheartened and psychologically affected the players.
“You should have seen the game that we played against Harare City after they announced that they were not going to renew their contract, you could tell by their body language that the players were really affected by what they had said.
“I believe that the cause in our dip in form was the unfortunate, premature announcement that they were not going to renew their contract,” said Ngwenya.
Although they are still keeping their cards close to their chest, Ngwenya hinted that Highlanders would recruit their next coach from one of their former players.
“We are in the process of identifying a coach that will add value to Highlanders, a coach who believes in the culture of Highlanders, a coach who will make us relieve the good old times at Highlanders.
“We are definitely looking at our former sons there are many the likes of Rahman Gumbo, Madinda Ndlovu and many others.
“But I promise you that come 2018 we will be a rejuvenated and revamped side,” said the Bosso chairperson. The Chronicle
Poor Referee Beaten Unconscious After Final Whistle
During a match between Heartland of Owerri and defending Champions, Plateau United, in Imo state, an unfortunate football referee was jumped after the match and beaten unconscious, so badly so, they had to be admitted to hospital in Owerri, Imo State. The referee officiating a match between was attacked by Heartland football fans after the […]
The post Poor Referee Beaten Unconscious After Final Whistle appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — A former prosecutor who used illegal wiretaps to spy on two other people in a love triangle gone bad was sentenced on Friday to a year and a day in prison.
Tara Lenich received the sentence from a federal court judge in Brooklyn. The extra day qualifies them for credit for good behaviour that could reduce their stay behind bars.
The 42-year-old Lenich pleaded guilty last year to obtaining the illegal wiretaps on the cellphone of a police detective with whom they were having an affair and on the phone of a colleague. They were accused of forging the signatures of judges and creating fake search warrants as part of the scheme.
“My regret for my crimes is profound,” Lenich wrote in a letter to the court before sentencing. “I am so ashamed of my actions and I know I can never undo what I have done.”
The government had sought a two-year sentence for Lenich, saying they damaged the reputation of the Brooklyn district attorney's office and betrayed the public trust.
Lenich's attorney, Moe Fodeman, said in a statement that they were thankful for the lesser punishment.
“We are gratified that (the judge) rejected the government's requested sentence and fashioned one that allows Tara to move forward with their life,” they said.
CARSON, Calif. – The LA Galaxy vanquished their lower-division local rivals Orange County SC 3-1 to advance in the US Open Cup on Wednesday night at the StubHub Center Track and Field Stadium.
Galaxy head coach Curt Onalfo chose to field a heavily rotated lineup, only using regular starters on the back line. The Galaxy winner came on a neatly-taken penalty kick by Jack McBean, but the opening goal from Jose Villarreal was the night's most memorable moment, a viciously-struck ball from well outside the penalty area that tucked neatly inside the top corner of the goal.
Youngster Ariel Lassiter, the son of MLS scoring legend Roy Lassiter, rounded out the scoring with a close-range finish, their first goal with the Galaxy's senior squad.
Box Score
In my opinion, monkey bread is one of the great things in the world. Here's a new recipe for it, which has a little variation. Oh, I think you'll like it!
Monkey bread with cream cheese
1 2-lb. pkg. frozen white bread dough (usually two loaves)
4 oz. cream cheese
1/3 C sugar, divided
1/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
cooking spray
1/2 C pancake syrup
Thaw bread dough according to package directions. Combine cream cheese, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon in a bowl. Stir well, set aside.
Combine remaining sugar and cinnamon and set aside. This is for rolling dough balls in after you fill them with cream cheese mixture. Cut each loaf of dough into 24 equal portions, using kitchen scissors. Flatten each dough piece into a circle then spoon 1/2 teaspoon cream cheese mix into center.
Gather dough around cream cheese mixture, forming a ball. Pinch dough together to seal. Roll dough balls in cinnamon sugar mixture and put into a Bundt pan, spray with cooking spray.
Poor any remaining cinnamon and sugar over dough balls. Then pour syrup over them. Cover and let rise for 40 minutes or until doubled in size. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Bake for 28 minutes or until lightly browned.
––––
Cheesy pepperoni sticks
1 tube pizza crust
40 pepperoni slices
10 mozzarella cheese sticks
2 TBS butter
1/2 tsp. garlic powder
1/2 tsp. dried parsley
marinara sauce for dipping
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Spread pizza dough out on a lightly greased baking sheet. Cut dough into 10 equal size rectangles. Roll up pizza dough, enclosing cheese stick, pinching seams closed.
Melt butter and add garlic powder and dried parsley. Brush pizza sticks with butter. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.
––––
Baked spaghetti and meatballs
Fully-cooked meatballs – about 1-1/2 dozen
24 oz. jar marinara sauce
1/2 C yellow onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, crushed
1 tsp. Italian seasoning
2 TBS olive oil
3/4 lb. spaghetti noodles
1 to 2 C grated Colby cheese
1/2 C grated Parmesan
In large cast-iron skillet, sauté onions in olive oil over medium heat. Add in garlic and continue sautéing until onions are tender. Add cooked meatballs. Add marinara sauce and Italian seasoning. Heat over medium heat for about 20 to 30 minutes.
In separate large pot, cook spaghetti noodles according to package directions – undercook by two minutes. With large slotted spoon, scoop meatballs from sauce and set aside.
Scoop cooked spaghetti with large slotted spoon into marinara sauce. Add in about 1/2 cup pasta cooking water. Gently stir until pasta is fully coated with sauce. Add cooked meatballs to top of spaghetti. Top with grated cheeses. Bake at 350 for about 20 to 30 minutes or until hot and bubbly and cheese is melted.
––––
They said, “Exercise makes you look better naked. So does tequila … your choice.”
If you would like to share a recipe with me, just send it to the J-T or email it to me.
(Melanie Behrens – melb@marysvillejt.com)
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at the North Korean capital's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium.
A capacity crowd of 12,000 at the arena applauded as the two women's teams — dressed in white jerseys that read “Peace” and green jerseys that read “Prosperity” — marched onto the court holding hands. Team Prosperity defeated Team Peace 103-102, with North Korea's Ro Suk Yong scoring 18 points, according to pool reports. The game between the men's mixed teams that followed ended in a 102-102 tie.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games precede a visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, a noted basketball fan, didn't appear at the gymnasium on Wednesday. It wasn't clear whether they would attend on Thursday.
“Once they started playing, the players showed quick chemistry and I was proud of them,” said Lee Moon-kyu, the head coach of South Korea's women's team, who will also lead a combined Koreas team at the Asian Games next month in Indonesia. Lee, who plans to bring two or three North Korean players to the Asian Games, said they were impressed with “No. 9 and No. 7 on Team Peace,” referring to North Korea's Ri Jong Ok and Jang Mi Kyong.
North Korea's sports minister, Kim Il Guk, said in a speech that the games reflect the “revered determination of the leaders of the North and South to bring forward the future of a self-reliant unification.”
The South Korean delegation, including 50 players and government officials, arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft.
“It feels like the first time I came here all over again,” said Hur Jae, head coach of South Korea's men's national team, who previously visited Pyongyang for a joint game in 2003. Hur, a former guard whose two sons are among the players who travelled to the North, talked about their friendship with retired North Korean player Ri Myong Hun, a 7-foot-9 (2.35-meter) centre who anchored the country's national team during the 1990s and early 2000s.
“There was a buzz when I shared a glass of soju and talked with Ri Myong Hun in 2003,” Hur said. Ri did not attend a dinner reception for South Korean players on Tuesday, and it wasn't immediately clear whether they were at the games on Wednesday.
The exchanges are the latest result of a diplomatic outreach to the South that Kim announced during their annual New Year's speech. That led to the North's participation in the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in February and two summits between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. Kim has also met with China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump.
The inter-Korean summits have facilitated a slew of goodwill gestures between the Koreas, which have also agreed to field combined teams at the Asian Games.
Basketball diplomacy has something of a history in North Korea.
Former NBA player Dennis Rodman arranged a game in Pyongyang in 2014 for Kim's birthday.
South Korea's Hyundai business group built a basketball stadium in Pyongyang during a previous era of rapprochement between North and South Korea, and a joint game was played there in 2003. Two rounds of inter-Korean basketball games were also played in 1999.
——
Follow Kim Tong-hyung on Twitter at @KimTongHyung.
FA Cup final referee Michael Oliver was humbled by messages of support after experiencing a "weird few days" in the aftermath of Juventus' controversial Champions League exit at the hands of Real Madrid.
The Durham official was the centre of attention after awarding a late penalty to the hosts in the second leg of the quarter-final tie at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Oliver's decision to blow for a foul by Medhi Benatia on Madrid substitute Lucas Vazquez led to a furious reaction from Juve goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, who was sent off for their vociferous protestations.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored from the spot to send the holders through, with Oliver and their wife subsequently the target of death threats and social media abuse from upset fans.
“It was a weird few days. But it was nice that so many people, both within the game and outside the game, were keen to offer their support. It was quite humbling actually and it meant a lot," they told the Football Association's official website.
“I had people coming up to me in the street and people from inside the game were sending me messages of support. It's a nice thing to know I've got that backing.”
The FA has handed Oliver the FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United on May 19.
They will be assisted by Lee Betts and Ian Hussin, with Lee Mason the fourth official. Neil Swarbrick, meanwhile, will make history as the first video assistant referee at an FA Cup final.
"I was very proud and humbled to receive the phone call," Oliver added.
"When you start out, taking charge of the Cup Final is not something you even think about. As your career progresses it becomes a realistic target but it's not a call you ever expect to take. This opportunity only comes around once in a referee's career.
"It's funny how things work out because the 1994 Final between Manchester United and Chelsea is the first one I remember watching. And now here I am taking charge of those two teams in an FA Cup Final 24 years later."
Projects across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire are set to benefit from an investment of £62.9million allocated to 17 projects across the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership area which will help create jobs, build homes, raise productivity, support businesses and encourage economic growth.
D2N2 – the private sector-led partnership of business, local authorities, skills and training providers, community and voluntary services, and others promoting economic growth across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire – bid for funding from Round 3 of the Government's Local Growth Fund (LGF). The £62.9m – awarded by government on March 9 (2017) and now being allocated to projects – represents almost two-thirds of D2N2's original £107m bid, a terrific achievement at a time of tight government spending and is the highest amount given to any Midlands LEP.
Local Growth Fund investment is aimed at creating the buildings, roads and other infrastructure necessary to support further economic growth. D2N2 bid under the project titles of Housing and Regeneration, Town and City Centre Renewal, Innovation-led Growth, and Employment and Skills; for projects due to be completed over the next five years.
It is estimated that the £62.9m awarded to the D2N2 LEP could deliver up to 7,000 jobs, 700 homes and 2,000 new learners across the D2N2 LEP area; subject to final confirmation via individual projects' business plans.
The individual projects listed below have been selected to receive investment but will still have to submit a detailed, value for money business plan – showing practical outcomes relating to jobs, homes and learning opportunities created – to support their application and receive funding. The projects are as follows:
Derbyshire
• Castleward – £1.5million support for current 12 hectare brownfield regeneration sites between Derby Midland Station and Derby city centre, to create housing and commercial development.
• Silk Mill World Heritage site, Derby – £3.7m towards a new museum and visitor attraction at Derby Silk Mill, part of the UNESCO Derwent Valley Mills World Heritage Site.
• Derby Performance Venue – £8.6m towards part of the Masterplan Phase One, for Derby's City Gateway; this is to provide a 5,000-capacity performance venue in the city centre, whilst initiating regeneration works to a key area of the city centre.
• Woodville–Swadlincote Regeneration Route – £6.4m to help provide a link from the A5111 to the Brownfield ‘Tollgate Park' site, allowing site development to take place.
• Riverside Business Park, Bakewell – £3.9m for a new bridge and access road from the A6 into the business park, and the development of 130,000 square feet of mixed use floor space.
• Foundry Park, Ilkeston (at former Stanton Ironworks) – £3.4m for project delivering 8,100 sq m of employment space at Foundry Park. LGF investment in Phase One to help develop 2.11 hectares of land.
• Rail Research and Innovation Centre, Derby – £900,000 to support new Rail Research and Innovation Centre for rail supply chain businesses in D2N2 LEP area, to drive productivity within D2N2 rail supply chain.
• Derby College: Institute for Engineering and Professional Construction – £1.3m to help renovate two further education sites, to aid professional development in engineering and construction sectors.
Nottinghamshire
• Former Vesuvius Works, Worksop – £5.5m for works forming part of a wider investment, for a junction to ‘unlock' a mixed-use housing/employment area.
• Sherwood Forest Visitor Centre, Newark – £500,000 towards a new visitor centre at Sherwood Forest, and improvements to existing walking/cycle routes, to encourage higher visitor numbers.
• Sherwood Energy Village, Newark – £500,000 to develop 32,000 sq ft of industrial floorspace, across ten units. **Communities Minister Andrew Percy MP visited this site and Sherwood Forest Visitor Centre when the Government announced D2N2's overall LGF 3 allocation, in March (2017).
• HS2 Strategic Sites – £2.4million project to allow D2N2 to purchase sites to take the best advantage of planned HS2 Phase Two ‘eastern leg' route, through Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire.
• Southern Gateway, Nottingham – £15m towards the wider ‘southern gateway' improvement; which includes a new Broadmarsh bus station and car park, provision of a tram stop, new retail units, public realm improvements and road improvements.
• Nottingham Castle – £5million towards Castle improvements, including to visitor galleries and public spaces.
• Unlocking Growth in Nottinghamshire Town Centres – £8m for programme of high-quality town centre improvements in Nottinghamshire; to create mixed-use environments in which businesses can prosper, offering sustainable employment opportunities and growth.
• Nottingham Trent University (NTU) Science and Technology Centre – £8.7m for a unique technology centre to increase healthcare-related commercial product development, to support the area's life sciences sector; as well as investment at NTU's agricultural and horticultural skills centre (Brackenhurst), and digital skills campus.
D2N2 has already found alternative funding for the Coalite Works site regeneration, near Bolsover, and the refurbishment of business incubation spaces at MediCity, on the Boots Enterprise Zone site; two projects which had also applied for LGF 3 funding.
Due to D2N2 not receiving all the LGF 3 funding it had applied for a very few projects will not receive immediate funding but will remain priorities for LEP investment at a later date, subject to business plan.
In allocating LGF 3 monies D2N2 has over-allocated funding, to the tune of around £77m. This is because it anticipates projects will evolve during further planning and some may not be able to demonstrate full value for money, in relation to their original LGF 3 bid. The LEP is also looking to use other potential funding sources to supplement LGF awards.
Peter Richardson, Chair of the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership, said: “D2N2's very strong bid for Local Growth Fund 3 investment has given us a £62.9million fighting fund, with which to further improve our area's economic infrastructure.
“This will build on the excellent use we've made of our previous LGF allocations; which has resulted in our contributing to the new £30m BioCity Discovery life sciences building in Nottingham, giving £12m to Derby's ‘Our City, Our River' riverside regeneration and anti-flood project, and investing significantly in the Nottingham & Derby Enterprise Zone.
“I look forward to seeing the detailed business plans of these ambitious new projects.”
The armed fugitive accused of filming themselves killing an elderly man and uploading the video to Facebook may have been desperate for attention, notoriety, solace — or some toxic combination of the three, according to veteran criminologists who spoke to NBC News.
The suspect, Steve Stephens, was on the lam Monday after posting footage of the killing on Facebook and bragging about having committed many other homicides — disturbing facts that suggest a tormented mind.
"This is someone who may have been feeling ignored, and this is a way to get recognized," said Tod Burke, a former Maryland police officer who teaches criminal justice at Radford University.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI: Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Police have said the killing of the one confirmed victim, Robert Godwin, 74, appeared to be random. "It's senseless," Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference. Authorities have not released details about the suspect's motives.
Related: Manhunt in Cleveland After Killing Posted to Facebook
But for Burke, Stephens appears to fit a criminal archetype: The alienated man with low self-esteem who craves recognition — and may have been "crying for help."
"He was able to make a kind of confession for all the world to see," Burke said, adding that their assessments were speculative.
In a series of posts Sunday on what authorities said was Stephen's Facebook page, the suspect complained they had "lost everything" to gambling. The posts named specific people with whom the user wanted to speak. They wrote that they had "killed 12 people today" — and wouldn't stop until they could speak to their mother and a second woman.
Steve Stephens, accused of killing a person live on Facebook, in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police. Cleveland Division of Police
A later post read: "I killed 15 today because of [the second woman.]" The user referred to the purported killings as their "Easter day slaughter." Their claims of additional victims were not verified, police said.
NBC News archived the posts before the account was removed. "This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said in a statement.
Police initially said Sunday that the suspect "broadcast the killing on Facebook Live," but a spokesperson for the site later said the video was recorded and uploaded. Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday, the spokesperson said.
The seemingly irrational decision to broadcast footage of themselves committing a heinous crime lines up with a familiar psychological profile, said James Alan Fox, a well-known criminologist who teaches at Northeastern University and has consulted on major murder investigations.
"There are offenders who feel proud of their crimes, their conquests — and oftentimes they're people who feel somewhat insignificant," Fox said. Advertising their crimes makes them "feel powerful."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Massive manhunt underway for killer who posted murder on Facebook 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It's important to them psychologically," said Fox, who is not involved in the Cleveland case.
For decades, Fox said, killers have recorded their criminal activities and bragged about their acts of violence. "In an earlier era, they kept journals to remind them," Fox said. "But in the social media age, they have the ability to boast more publicly. The themes are the same, the bravado is the same."
And with wide-reaching, ubiquitous platforms like Facebook, Burke said, "you can get an audience — a worldwide audience."
Gary Jackson, a longtime friend of Stephens, told NBC News that when the two spoke last Thursday, everything seemed fine.
Jackson, 47, said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook, a children's mental health center, confirmed their employment — and said they were stunned that their friend is accused of such a horrific crime.
Robert Godwin, pictured here with their daughter Debbie. Debbie Godwin
The killing of Godwin, a father and grandfather, is reminiscent of the slayings of two TV journalists in 2015. WDBJ reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward were gunned down at point-blank range by a former co-worker during a live broadcast. The gunman posted video of the attack online before killing himself.
As authorities hunted for Stephens and tried to make sense of the killing, at least one thing was abundantly clear to law enforcement.
"Obviously, he's got deep, deep issues," Williams said.
BOONVILLE, Mo. - A woman is being charged with child abduction after they were been accused of kidnapping their child in 2013.
According to the probable cause statement, Jerran Wilson took custody of their child in December of 2013 and never returned them to their father.
Months before, the father was granted full legal custody over the child and Wilson was granted visitation rights.
Since the abduction, Wilson has had full physical control over the child and has only allowed the father to have telephone contact with the boy.
Court documents show that Wilson's current address is unknown but they were last known to live in Las Vegas.
MONCTON, N.B. — A New Brunswick patient died after overdosing on a muscle relaxant because of a drugstore's prescription error, according to a new ruling reprimanding a Moncton pharmacist.
Peter Ford was ordered to pay $13,000 after the patient was given medication containing five times the labelled concentration of baclofen.
A New Brunswick College of Pharmacists ruling says the unidentified patient was a resident of a long-term care home.
“The coroner implicated baclofen overdose as a contributing factor in the death of the patient,” said the ruling this week from the college's complaints committee.
“This error was the result of a lack of safety systems rather than attributable to a single member of the pharmacy team.”
The drug had been administered for a week in doses of 10 mg/ml, rather than the labelled 2 mg/ml, before a nurse realized the baclofen suspension appeared different than usual.
The ruling said Ford's Pharmacy had no training or policy to double-check dosage, and was not recording drug error near-misses, so the college was unable to tell if there had been similar problems previously.
The college gave the pharmacy tools to document errors and near-misses, but said staff used them less over time.
“The complaints committee considered Dr. Ford's initial laxity in managing quality assurance measures and subsequent inaction to address them to be an abrogation of responsibility to patient wellbeing and therefore reprimands him,” said the committee's ruling.
“Dr. Ford has important responsibilities to ensure the safe and effective practices within that environment.”
The college said it will “intensively monitor” the pharmacy to ensure improvements are made.
It added the complainant who brought the case to the college “expressed satisfaction” with the ruling and hopes it helps prevent future errors.
Ford was fined $5,000, and ordered to pay another $8,000 in costs.
Chip Kelly was unceremoniously fired by the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday night, following the team's loss to the NFC West champion Seattle Seahawks in a close game.
Kelly followed 49ers GM Trent Baalke, who'd been fired earlier in the day and reportedly was escorted from team headquarters.
It's a complete reset for the team, which will look to start fresh and get back to the winning ways it found under coach Jim Harbaugh from 2011-14.
But it's also an unnecessary and stupid move letting go of Kelly, who did the most they could with what they had. I'm not sure Kelly is the genius many people wanted them to be, but he's a decent-to-good football coach, and no coach on earth was going to win in the NFL with the roster the 49ers put out there this season.
By changing coaches for the third straight offseason, the 49ers are trying to start over. But who, exactly, do they think they're going to find out there?
Steelers coach Mike Tomlin gave a really interesting interview recently when talking about the “coach as savior” idea that exists in professional sports. Responding to some criticism from Steelers great Terry Bradshaw, Tomlin pointed out that there are very few coaches who have achieved greatness in any sport.
Via ESPN:
“…Very few coaches' résumés read as [great] at this point. Guys like Bill [Belichick] in New England probably can say that, Pop [Gregg Popovich] down in San Antonio. I think the rest of us are just working stiffs to be quite honest with you.”
Tomlin is right. Genius is almost impossible to find. There are very few coaches at any level, in any sport, who can continue to dominate year after year, no matter what. (And you could make the argument that guys like Belichick and Popovich have been exceedingly lucky with the players they've gotten to coach. I know they'd be the first to admit that.)
For most pro sports franchises, teams are merely looking for “solid.” Guys who will win when they're given a competitive roster. Chip Kelly's failures in Philadelphia had everything to do with their poor job in charge of personnel — when it came to coaching, they were great. In their first two years in Philly they took good teams and they won with them, notching consecutive 10-win seasons. It was when they were put in charge of personnel in 2015 that everything fell apart. But I do believe that, given a talented team and a little time, Kelly can still be an effective coach in this league. And for most NFL teams, that's all you can really hope for.
This is especially true for the 49ers, who had a borderline genius/possible madman in Jim Harbaugh but pushed them out because they reportedly aren't willing to play nice with the other people in the organization. The team decided it didn't want to deal with someone like Harbaugh but apparently isn't willing to accept adequacy either. So it will hit the reset button, putting in another new system for these inexperienced players to learn, still striving for that perfect coach who wins a lot more than they should but also fits nicely in with the people already there and defers to the ownership group. (Because, you know, there are so many of those coaches available.)
It's all unfair to Kelly. This year, with this 49ers roster, the ghost of Vince Lombardi wasn't going to win games. In some alternate universe where Bill Belichick and Bill Parcells made their peace and joined forces with the goal of saving the organization? I still think this team misses the playoffs. There's only so much you can do when a team doesn't have the talent.
If the 49ers felt that Kelly was loyal to Baalke and they thought the situation was untenable, fine. But if this is about “starting fresh,” at a certain point the 49ers need to realize you can't just do that every season. Greatness is achieved by building a system and finding the players who fit in. Constantly searching for some savior genius isn't going to do that. There aren't that many who exist.
Linda Carter will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child
EastEnders will tonight screen a special scene referencing the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child.
Advertisement
And it'll come as no surprise to viewers that the Square's resident Royal watcher Linda Carter will be involved in the celebrations:
“It would be wrong if Linda didn't mention it,” a show source told RadioTimes.com.
Gun salutes across London have today marked the arrival of the new prince, who has also been receiving their first visitors at Kensington Palace.
There's currently no word though on whether the family will be making time to catch Tuesday's EastEnders, which will also contain a big twist in one of its current storylines.
Last night's episode saw Max Branning (Jake Wood) revealed to be the new owner of the car lot and the character is set to deliver some bombshell news this evening. What is it that Max has to say?
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week's drama on EastEnders below. Beneath that, there's our Week in Walford review
Advertisement
And visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
The Supreme Court verdict is not about statehood. It is that the Lieutenant Governor cannot be the one person taking all decisions concerning the Government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi and that this power is vested with the chief minister of the elected government of Delhi, which is Aam Aadmi Party convener Arvind Kejriwal. The verdict was given by an SC bench headed by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, Justices AM Khanwilkar and DY Chandrachud.
Wednesday's Supreme Court order favouring Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in their struggle for control over Delhi's fate with Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal seems to have given a super fillip to the Aam Aadmi Party government's push for statehood to the National Capital Territory of Delhi. Though the court has underlined the constitutional provisions all over again, AAP has reason to gloat. The verdict was given by an SC bench headed by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, Justices AM Khanwilkar and DY Chandrachud.
The reason for such joy lies in the text of the SC order. L-G Baijal has been told not to be “obstructionist” in what is a clear shooting down of the paralysis that has gripped work in Delhi, reminding one of the oft-quoted policy paralysis which got the NDA into the Delhi throne. Baijal has been told by the court to act on the advice of the council of ministers in grimy, sweaty Delhi and not just that of their immediate masters who rule from the rarefied, lush greens of Lutyens' Delhi.
The court said Baijal's approval was not required for every decision and they should not interfere in every call taken by the ministers of an elected government. But problems remain – the Delhi government will have no say on matters of land, police and public order. The court categorically nixed the AAP government's argument that Delhi is a state. This leaves room for more popular protests and movements to drive for such a decision.
Also Read: L-G vs Kejriwal: CJI Dipak Misra says real power must lie with State Government
Without powers over land, public order and police, the much-hailed AAP victory is just noise or at best a virtual victory that doesn't change anything on the ground. But the Supreme Court order's striking down extra powers granted to the L-G over IAS/IPS staff via executive order allows the state government to carry out its work which otherwise would have been stuck at the L-G's office or at the President's.
The perception points gained by AAP are enormous in a static political scene which is waiting for any unravelling within the ruling establishment. The AAP government has been struggling for power to take autonomous decisions since the day it came to power in 2015. It led various protests and tried to keep the issue of Delhi statehood active but did not gain support.
For Kejriwal, who recently made headlines when they along with other cabinet ministers staged a 9-day sit-in protest at L-G's residence, in which they got the support from 4 non-BJP chief ministers, this is a good evening to chart better work for the state and not run into obstacles.
Also Read: CM Kejriwal vs L-G Anil Baijal: Here's what all neta log said about Delhi power tussle verdict
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
Many Class A schools struggle with depth, but for 19th year Hawks head coach Brad Jett, having only 30 players on a roster is unusual.
So to get the most from their small but talented squad, Jett is emphasizing conditioning in camp, pushing their team harder than ever before.
“Until we can develop some depth with the young student athletes that we have right now, we're concentrating on getting into shape,” said Jett.
Among those 30 names on the Hawks roster are 10 experienced seniors, including two of the top running backs in the state.
The "thunder and lightning" tandem of Cam Barnette and Freddy Canary is back, after combining for nearly 3,000 rushing yards and 44 rushing touchdowns a season ago.
Both Barnette and canary will lead the Hawks again, hoping to erase memories of a first-round playoff loss to Williamstown in 2016.
“I think having everyone back is going to really help us, and just the chemistry that we have all together I think is going to help us a lot as we go down the stretch,” said Barnette.
Added Canary: “We're all approaching the same goal of a state championship this year. I really want it bad this year, and I can tell everyone is working hard this year.”
Barnette and Canary will have to recreate their magic this season without all-state lineman Corey Fowler, but they will have starting quarterback Nate Wright once again, and Jett said the Hawks focused on their passing game during offseason flex days.
South Harrison's schedule features immense challenges, including back-to-back road games at St. Marys and East Hardy, but after a disappointing end to last season, something feels different to Jett.
“This is the fastest team that I can remember us ever having here," said Jett. "We know what we can do. We just have to do it.”
South Harrison opens at Doddridge County Aug. 25.
The South African hatred for Nigerians
By Tayo Demola
Every now and then many Nigerians have been killed in South Africa. Over 117 innocent Nigerians in the last two years have been gruesomely murdered by unscrupulous elements in South Africa. It is so annoying to keep hearing in the news every time of these cruel killings of Nigerians in South Africa. South Africa and Nigeria have come a long way and I think there should be no rivalry between the two countries. Nigeria as the giant of Africa has particularly been of immense help to South Africa over the years especially during the period of Apartheid where many South Africans were under bondage.
Nigeria has been a big brother to South Africa in this regard and immensely contributed to liberating South Africa from the clutches of the Apartheid regime. So one wonders why a country that has benefited so much from Nigeria would then turn to become so jealous of Nigeria that it would deliberately orchestrate premeditated killings of innocent Nigerian citizens living in South Africa.
This is completely unacceptable to Nigerians because the life of every citizen of Nigeria is important and very precious to us. We cannot afford to lose any more soul to mindless and cruel killings in South Africa anymore. These killings must stop henceforth. All Nigerians in South Africa must be protected by the government and security agencies. All Nigerians living in South Africa should first and foremost be law abiding but must equally rise up and protect themselves and defend themselves against any attack by any South African. After all there are many South Africans in Nigeria living, working and making a living for themselves without being harassed, maimed or killed. Nigeria is a free country and willingly allows many African countries to live and work in the country without any form of harassment.
So it is so surprising when South Africa cannot reciprocate these kind gestures by Nigeria. It is very clear that South Africa is an ingrate considering how immensely helpful Nigeria has been to them African countries should be united and discard any form of rivalry and jealousy among themselves. There is no way Africa can be united as a continent with the way some countries especially South Africa exhibit hatred towards other African citizens. Nigerians are very hardworking people and anywhere you find them, they are very industrious and they succeed within a short period of time anywhere they travel to.
When Nigerians travel to South Africa to settle down, many of them succeed within a short time because they are very hardworking and enterprising. So South Africans as a result of this are jealous of this and complain that Nigerians come to take over their jobs and opportunities. But it is totally uncalled for to be jealous of another person who is working hard to better their own life, instead you too should learn from them how they do it and apply it to your own life. The thing South Africans failed to realize is that Nigerians in South Africa help to develop their country and contribute immensely to their economy and should even be welcomed with open arms as no nation can fully develop without the contribution of citizens of other countries.
When the popular musician Lucky Dube was killed by armed bandits in South Africa many years ago, the killer bandits were eventually arrested and when interviewed, they said they killed Lucky Dube because they thought they were a Nigerian. That incident took place in the night and as they tried to snatch their car, Lucky Dube resisted them and they were shot and killed. This means that it is possible that their intention to have even snatched their car in the first place was borne out of their thought that they were a Nigerian. It also meant that if they had an inkling that they were a South African, they would have simply snatched their car if they actually wanted to without killing them in the process. But because of that inbuilt jealousy and hatred of Nigerian citizens in South Africa, they were shot and gruesomely murdered but unfortunately, they later discovered rather too late that they were their own blood. But Lucky Dube was popular and that was why their death could not be hidden from the world. What of the many other people, especially innocent Nigerians who have been murdered in this way in South Africa that no one got to hear about? What of the many young Nigerians who are daily hussling in South Africa who have been murdered without just cause?
The case of Lucky Dube shows that one of the prices you pay for hating innocent people is that sometimes in the process of trying to harm an innocent person, you will end up harming your own family. The gruesome and unchallenged killings of innocent Nigerians in South Africa cannot be swept under the carpet any longer. The life of every Nigerian citizen all over the world is sacrosanct. We can no longer tolerate this wickedness from the citizens of South Africa. We must all rise up to protect our citizens anywhere they are. Our brothers and sisters living in South Africa should no longer be murdered in cold blood while we fold our hands and do nothing. When the just fold their hands and do nothing, the wicked will continue to perpetrate injustice and wickedness.
If South Africans deliberately out of jealousy and hatred kill Nigerians, then Nigerians should deliberately stop them from doing so. If South Africa has many business concerns in Nigeria and they keep hating and killing Nigerians this way, then the government of Nigeria should immediately wake up and give South Africa a strong word on this mindless killings and if South Africans do not desist from this cruelty to Nigerians, South African businesses in Nigeria should be expelled from the country. South Africa makes billions of naira from Nigeria, yet they hate Nigerians so much even when they are supposed to unite with Nigerians to forge a common front as the two leading nations in Africa. This should no longer be condoned by Nigerians and the Nigerian government. If we don't protect our citizens, other countries will continue to maim and kill them without minding the consequences. If our government keeps taking this serious issue of the continuous killing of Nigerians in South Africa with levity, South Africans will continue to kill Nigerians in South Africa.
When Nelson Mandela the former South African president was alive, they advocated African unity and was a father to all. They benefited so much after all their struggles, from Nigerian efforts towards liberating South Africa from Apartheid rule which for many years oppressed South African citizens. After freedom from the clutches of white minority rule, it is unthinkable that South Africa would now turn against Nigeria who incidentally was instrumental to their freedom. This should no longer be acceptable to the Nigerian people.
The government of Nigeria must immediately take this issue very seriously. One of the reasons why the killing of innocent Nigerians in South Africa persists is because the Nigerian government has over the years taken this issue with levity. No country can progress when its citizens are not protected wherever they are. The government of President Muhammadu Buhari has done little or nothing to stop these mindless killings. The government should now do more in this regard. President Buhari should interface with the new South African president and give them a strong word on this issue. There should be consequences for South Africa if these killings of Nigerian citizens continue. The life of every Nigerian citizen is sacrosanct and must be duly protected.
By TAYO DEMOLA,
Human Rights Advocate/Activist & Author.
Lagos, Nigeria.
They can be reached via [email protected]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In 1967, 20-year-old Kathrine Switzer made history when they defiantly became the first woman to officially run in the Boston Marathon — even as race officials tried to physically stop them
Fifty years later, they finished the race a second time, donning the same number: 261.
"I just ran the fastest marathon I've run in 46 years," they told NBC News after crossing the finish line Monday.
It's an impressive feat for someone whose coach once told her, "No dame ain't ever run no marathon."
Them story is well-known, especially to female runners.
The first time around, as a Syracuse University student, they registered for the marathon as K.V. Switzer, and no one seemed to notice they were a woman until two miles into the race.
That's when Jack Semple, a race official, jumped off the press bus and ran after them
"He grabbed me ... threw me back and they said, 'Get the hell out of my race and give me those numbers,'" Switzer recalled. "And they tried to pull my bib numbers off."
Kathy Switzer is roughed up by race official Jack Semple during the 1967 Boston Mararthon. Boston Globe via Getty Images
Them boyfriend at the time intervened, pushing Semple away while Switzer continued doing what they were doing — running.
It was all captured in an iconic photograph that galvanized the women's movement and helped change the game for female athletes.
"It changed everything," they said. "It changed my life and it changed millions of women's lives."
Switzer was, however, disqualified from the race and there was more backlash to come: Switzer said aggressive journalists approached them at the finish line, yelling, "Real women don't run."
They were then expelled from the Athletic Federation, which meant they aren't allowed to run. So they started their own club, and they ran in Canada, "just like draft dodgers," Switzer said.
The club started putting on events, and eventually they got sponsored. Switzer then went on to create a global series of races in 27 countries with millions of women.
"It grew, grew, grew," they explained. "We could take the data and statistics from all of these events, took it to the International Olympic Committee, and we got the women's marathon included in the Olympic games."
Them success has continued through to present day. She's run 39 marathons, and when they made their return to the Boston Marathon on Monday, they were an honored guest whose original number, 261, was retired after they crossed the finish line.
"My message to young girls is that you can do much more than you ever can imagine," Switzer said. "The only way you can imagine it is to do it. To take the first step. And if you take the first step, you can then take three steps. And then you can take 10. And someday maybe you can run a marathon. And if you can run a marathon, you can do anything."
The Raptors stumbled early, but found their footing sufficiently to grab a win against the Lakers.
Despite a sloppy first half, Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan got the Toronto Raptors back on track. The Raptors managed to sneak out of LA with a 123-114 win over the Los Angeles Lakers.
The end result of this game doesn't speak to how terrible the Raps played in the first half. They got destroyed on the offensive glass, committed nine turnovers, while also losing the bench battle, being outscored 21-10 heading into halftime.
Patrick Patterson might have had something to do with the bench struggles early as they were absent due to a left knee injury they sustained in Phoenix on Thursday. Patterson being sidelined isn't something fans should worry too much about as head coach Dwane Casey explained pre-game that it's for precautionary reasons. Patterson, who has proven to be a massive part of the Raps defense, was dearly missed early.
The bench production wasn't the same, Cory Joseph, Terrence Ross, and Lucas Nogueira combined for a plus/minus of -18 in the first half. But as the game progressed they seemed to get comfortable, finishing with a combined plus/minus of +32.
At one point, things were looking bleak for the Raptors; they were down 12 in Q2 as the offense was plagued with turnovers and poor shooting. A freak of nature who goes by K-Low got the Raptors rolling, leading a comeback to give them a 58-57 heading into the half.
Lowry – in beast mode late
The Raptors pulled away with a 7-0 run to begin the fourth, outscoring the Lakers 19-5 early. The Lakers pushed back to within five, which gave the Raptors a little scare late. However, with Lowry all locked in there really wasn't much to be worried about if you were Toronto. Lowry poured in 20 of their season-high 41 points in the quarter, proving once again how inhuman they really are. Lowry became the first Toronto player in franchise history to record at least 40/7/7 as they knotted 41 points, 7 assists and 9 rebounds on the night. They provided a superstar-like performance from a guy who is deserving of a coveted starting spot once again in this year's All-Star Game.
Takeaways from this game
1) Bebe/Jakob were quite the unexpected pairing. Raptors made their run late with these guys on the court. When they sat, the Lakers made their push. Could fans potentially see more of a Bebe/Jakob front court in the future?
2) Don't poke DeRozan. After being shoved by Timofey Mozgov in the second quarter which resulted in a flagrant-one foul, DeRozan was visibly upset. That didn't stop them from being phenomenal offensively, as they poured in 31 points through three-quarters.
Rule #1: Don't upset the kid from Compton.
3) Toronto cannot guard the three ball if their franchise depended on it. The Raps allowed the Lakers to shoot 46.9% from beyond the arc on the night, not to mention letting Nick Young hit seven three's. This has been an issue for the Raps for quite a long time and is one that needs to be addressed seriously if they hope to improve their defensive concerns.
Toronto ends its six-game road trip in Texas on Tuesday in a matchup with Kawhi Leonard and the San Antonio Spurs.
More from Raptors Rapture
This article originally appeared on
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
There's this thing you learn in life as you get older. There are no clear and obvious situations (well, maybe some, but usually not); you can't always control the world with dignity and flowers. Sometimes you have to do a little wrong to do a lot right.
In stoppage time of the match between the New York Red Bulls and Orlando City, Tyler Adams – their team up 3-1 and cruising to victory – started trash-talking to Orlando's new signing Yoshimar Yotun, and OCFC midfielder Cristian Higuita didn't like it. Next thing you know, there are 12 players crowded together and Kaká has their fingers in Aurelien Collin's mouth. The impromptu facial didn't get past Video Review and Kaká was soon walking away with a red card courtesy of referee Jorge Gonzalez.
When you watch the interaction between Kaka and Collin on replay, both players are clearly smiling and laughing. You can't watch the play and think there was malicious intent.
It was a playful moment between former teammates. Let's think about how rare those moments are today, too. At a time when the stakes resemble Big Oil more than a “children's game,” we rarely see players let their guard down. There was something nice about watching two guys on the field… smile… at each other.
It was frustrating, for sure, to see Gonzalez look past such an obvious human moment. The rule certainly must have an unwritten clause, “unless both players are laughing and joking.” Every rule should have some human element, right? Maybe not. As I said, sometimes a person's gotta do a little wrong to do a lot right.
While seemingly oblivious to the context of the moment, Gonzalez decided to follow the letter of the law. They made the situation predictable. The rule says touching another player's face warrants a red, so they provided the red.
Players might groan about the specific decision, but, in truth, players want nothing more than predictability from referees.
There are matches in which players walk off the field feeling that a different ref would have led to a different result. I hated nothing more than to lay in bed after a game and feel that it wasn't my hard work or my own faults that decided a game, but rather an arbitrary decision – one that might have gone a different way on any other day. I worked tens of thousands of hours over my life to win every tiny detail. I didn't want to live in a world where an unpredictable decision from a referee decided a game.
Gonzalez's decision to send off Kaká was a frustrating one for me to watch. For the specific moment, I would argue it was probably the wrong call. But for the good of the game, they did the right thing.
We shouldn't leave a decision as important as a red card to whether a referee can interpret the type of laugh and smile on a person's face (if I wasn't very good at anything else, I had mastered the fake smile at a referee). The face touching didn't escalate the situation this time, but who knows how a player will react in the 93rd minute of a game? A player shouldn't escape a red when their studs up tackle doesn't hurt someone; it's a precedent that should follow down the line.
Kaká touched Collin's face. When a player touches another player's face, it's a red card. One can only hope that all decisions continue to be as clear.
Others might want romance, but players want wins. Kaká's red is a decision – and a precedent – about which we scream at the TV in the moment, but sleep better at night.
WASHINGTON — Hackers linked to the Iranian government have conducted a long-term cyberespionage operation against government and industry in Israel, Kuwait, Lebanon, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates, according to FireEye, a cybersecurity firm.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Investigators say 'winter is coming' for HBO hacker 1:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In a new report, FireEye says the operation by the group it dubs APT34 is "largely focused on reconnaissance efforts to benefit Iranian nation-state interests and has been operational since at least 2014."
The mostly Middle Eastern targets include government agencies and private industries, including financial, energy, chemical and telecommunications sectors, the company says.
FireEye bases its assessment that APT34 works on behalf of the Iranian government on clues that include references to Iran, the use of Iranian infrastructure and targeting that aligns with Iran's interests.
The hackers sometimes breached networks through spearphishing, a technique designed to get users to open a file in email that secretly installs malware on their computer.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, left, attends the 21st Nationwide Assembly of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Commanders on Sept. 15, 2015 in Tehran. Anadolu Agency / Getty Images file
"APT34 is a proficient threat group that has proven particularly effective at leveraging spearphishing emails and social engineering to compromise target networks," said Nicholas Richard, principal threat intelligence analyst at FireEye. "The group has continually refined and enhanced its tactics, techniques and procedures to successfully target victims and once in a victim's environment moves rapidly to dump credentials, establish persistence and conduct extensive reconnaissance to facilitate successive operations."
U.S. intelligence officials have long considered Iran to be a highly capable adversary in cyberspace. In 2013, hackers from Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps infiltrated the computer controls of a small dam 25 miles north of New York City, according to American officials.
An anchor lay rusting among the rocks and ferns. The story continues, but releases very few of its secrets.
I originally saw this near the saltbox house somewhere; maybe round back or on the far side of the porch. Maybe at the end of the narrow dirt and gravel driveway approaching from the main road.
It also looks as though it may be on a bluff overlooking the sea. Time will tell…
HALIFAX — Brittany Bernard and Paige Fitzpatrick arrived around midnight Saturday at the Toothy Moose, a downtown Halifax cabaret packed with college and university students revelling in the end of exams.
“At that point we were pretty sober,” says Fitzpatrick, a 21-year-old student at the Nova Scotia Community College. “I met a gentleman and they offered to buy me a drink.”
That's when the evening took a perilous turn, ending hours later with both women admitted to a local hospital after they say they were drugged with an unidentified substance.
The women — close friends since they were toddlers growing up in a Halifax-area suburb — say it could have been much worse.
They reported the alleged crime to police and are sharing their story on social media to raise awareness about predators lurking at local clubs and bars, and the risks of accepting drinks from strangers.
Their story comes after reports earlier this year of women claiming their drinks were spiked at Halifax bars, reportedly experiencing unexplained severe drunkenness, memory loss and blackouts.
“I could have been raped or taken because I had no idea where I was or my surroundings,” Fitzpatrick says. “It's scary how quickly it hit both of us and how long the effects lasted.”
“You can never be too careful,” Bernard, 20, adds. “I thought I was being cautious but it only takes a second for someone to slip something into your drink.”
The unknown man at the Argyle Street bar bought Fitzpatrick a tequila shot and a double vodka lime. They then knocked Bernard's vodka cranberry out of their hand and offered to buy them a new one.
They declined, but ending up finishing Fitzpatrick's drink before they went to the dance floor.
“It hit us instantly,” Fitzpatrick says. “We both lost control of our bodies and sort of face planted on the floor.”
The hours that followed were a blur. They somehow stumbled to the washroom, where they describe being violently ill and at points losing consciousness.
“I told a girl I thought we had been drugged, and I think they helped us tell the bouncer,” Bernard says. “And at some point, I called my mom.”
The bouncer waited with them until Bernard's mother arrived, who immediately took them to hospital.
“My mom went in and got two wheelchairs and then wheeled Paige in first,” they say. “She was worse off and was admitted before me.”
The hospital ran tests on both women, including electrocardiograms, and tested Fitzpatrick's blood.
“I don't remember anything at the hospital,” Fitzpatrick says. “I just remember waking up in the hospital bed, with Brittany and their mom leaning over me.”
Fitzpatrick says the doctors informed them they had been drugged, but that they couldn't determine the substance.
So-called date rape drugs, sometimes called roofies, include rohypnol, ketamine and gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB). They are rapidly absorbed and metabolized by the body, making it difficult to test for.
A spokesperson for Halifax police confirmed that they received a report that two women believed their drinks had been tampered with while at the Toothy Moose in the early hours of Sunday morning.
“The investigating officer has sought out the video surveillance at the Toothy Moose and they'll review that in hopes of capturing the event or the person who is possibly responsible for doing this,” Const. Carol McIsaac said.
They said this is not a common occurrence in Halifax, but that it's disconcerting whenever police receive a similar report.
McIsaac said they couldn't speculate as to what kind of drug it possibly is, and said they are often difficult to identify.
“The side effect of most of those drugs is it lowers your inhibitions, it impacts your cognitive decision-making and it makes you sleepy,” they said. “We've had investigations in the past where what ends up happening is that the woman leaves with the person responsible for tampering with the drinks and then they're reporting a sexual assault.”
Bernard shared the harrowing story on Facebook, which has since been shared more than 5,000 times.
Multiple people, both men and women, have commented on the story by sharing similar experiences at bars and clubs in Halifax.
Share
Europe's new, more insistent data privacy and control guidelines are going into effect at last. It's no surprise then to see Apple has made some updates to its own privacy policies. Some of these updates help Apple meet specific GDRP requirements, including the interesting ability to access all the data that Apple has collected about its users.
Apple's rollout is likely delayed in some areas for logistics reasons, so the ability to access all your data will be limited by region and may take a while to roll out even in the US. However, if you've ever used an Apple service and are located in the US or Europe, let's walk through exactly how to download the data Apple has on you.
Step 1: Visit the Apple privacy website and sign in
Fortunately, Apple has provided a website dedicated to seeing all the collected data for its accounts. Your first step is to visit the Apple Data and Privacy web page.
Here you will see a web form to sign in using your Apple ID and password. If it's been a while, there's also a blue link if you “forgot Apple ID or password” that will allow you to change them. If it helps, your Apple ID is typically an email address.
Step 2: Enter an authentication code
If two-factor authentication/verification is enabled for your account (Apple encourages this), then you'll need to take an extra security step. Apple will shoot you an authentication code, which you need to input on the website to access your account data. Make sure it is correct as you type it in!
Note that if you have another Apple device, the default is to send the code to that device, so you will want to have it handy for this step.
Step 3: View your Apple services
You will now see a screen with a list of all the Apple services that your account is connected to under the heading “Get a copy of your data.”
This includes services like the App Store and iTunes, your Apple devices, the Apple online store, AppleCare, the various aspects of iCloud, and much more. Some of these have options to expand into more specific sections.
To the right, you will see checkboxes that all you to select each separate service, with an option up top to select all of them. Select all the services that you want to receive data from, and then select “Continue.” It may be worth browsing a little at this stage before moving on so that you can note all the services Apple has connected to your account and if this appears accurate to you.
This is where you may run into regional trouble, in which case no services will appear. If Apple's privacy website is particularly busy, you may also get an error message here, in which case you should try to log in again in a few minutes.
Step 3: Choose your data delivery options
Apple will now take you to a page to summarize the apps and services you are requesting data from. It will also ask you to choose a “maximum file size.” This is the maximum size of the files that Apple will provide for you to download.
Apple will divide all your user data into packages of this size and send them consecutively. Choose a size that fits your computer's speed and storage. It's smart not to go too large if you have a lot of Apple services, or you'll get a massive file that may be tough to download and transfer.
When you are finished, choose “Complete request.”
Step 4: Wait
As you can imagine, Apple is seeing a lot of requests for data. You may have to wait several days or longer for Apple to process your request and send your data to your email. Wait times of up to a week or more are currently possible, so don't count on a turnaround within a day or two.
When you receive your data files, remember that Apple also provides you with an option to correct your personal information or delete your account, depending on what you find.
TORONTO — The Progressive Conservatives are asking the Ontario Provincial Police to investigate millions in ineligible expenses — including scuba gear and raccoon traps — filed by nine power generators in the province.
Auditor general Bonnie Lysyk reported last week that the generators claimed up to $260 million in ineligible costs between 2006 and 2015, though the Independent Electricity System Operator says it's closer to $200 million.
The expenses were claimed under a program designed to pay power generators for fuel, maintenance and operating costs when the IESO puts them on standby to supply energy.
The IESO has recovered $168 million of those billings that were deemed inappropriate.
Progressive Conservative Todd Smith has now written to the OPP to ask them to investigate, saying the abuses were so egregious that a second look by law enforcement is prudent.
The OPP did not immediately respond to a question about whether or not they will look into it.
Dino Melaye is a Social Deviant – Yahaya Bello
The Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, on Wednesday described the senator representing Kogi West, Dino Melaye, as a social defiant that should be checked by the Senate, Punch reports.
They said the federal lawmakers needed to carry out the exercise urgently before they would be adjudged birds of the same feather with Melaye.
Bello spoke with State House correspondents after they met with the Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
The governor and Melaye have been at loggerheads with the senator accusing Bello of being behind the current move by their constituents to recall them from the National Assembly.
But the Independent National Electoral Commission has said that it will conduct referendum on the plan to recall Melaye from the Senate by their constituents if over 50 per cent of voters in their senatorial district signed a petition for their sacking from the Senate.
Bello said they were at the Presidential Villa to brief Osinbajo of development in their state, saying the Acting President was pleased with the development in the state.
When asked about the crisis in the state, they initially feigned ignorance when they said there was no crisis and the people were living in peace.
But when asked to comment specifically on the crisis between them and Melaye, the governor said when a child lacked proper parental care and home upbringing, they would constitute social menace to the society.
They added that if the society did not take steps to check and correct such a child, they or they could take into criminality.
At that stage, they said it would be left to the government to check such criminality.
The governor also said if government failed to do so, such a child could cause a serious embarrassment.
That, they said, was what was happening in Kogi State.
They said, “Talking of the Senate, let me rather admonish the Senate that, that is an institution that is held in a very high esteem and I think the Senate and indeed the National Assembly is made up of men of high calibre and of high integrity and good character.
“I think it is necessary that that wonderful house should, as a matter of urgency, and as a matter of fact, check any social deviant that exists within them before they could be adjudged birds of the same feather. I know they are not of the same feather.
“But sincerely speaking, Kogi State is living in peace, projects are ongoing, we are all happy over there. Salaries are being paid as and when due and we are making serious progress.”
Bello also described Melaye's claim that they (the governor) earmarked N1bn for their recall as a figment of their imagination.
“The good people of Okunland and indeed West Senatorial District have learnt from a bitter mistake of not taming and curbing that social deviant (Melaye) and they have decided to take lawful steps in recalling him,” they said.
But INEC said that it would expect those behind the plan to recall Melaye to present the outcome of the signatories aimed at recalling the former member of the House of Representatives to it later.
But for now, the commission said it had yet to be informed about the move to recall the senator from the Senate.
The commission's Director of Publicity and Voter Education, Mr. Oluwole Osaze-Uzzi, who spoke with one of our correspondents on Wednesday, said that the commission would remain neutral in the matter.
Osaze-Uzzi said that there was no way Melaye would be removed from the upper legislate chamber without INEC's knowledge.
Osaze- Uzzi said, “We are not yet aware of the plan to remove Senator Dino Melaye from office and we are not monitoring the ongoing collection of signatories for that purpose.
“Those who are doing that will have to present their petition to us after the exercise and back it up with the signatories they have collected for the purpose.
“We will then go and verify the signatories and make sure that they are genuine and, they must be more than 50 per cent of the voters in the senatorial district.
“But if we don't have up to that percentage, we won't even try to look at the petition.”
They said that after the petition must have been presented, with the required percentage of the electorate, the commission would then invite witnesses from the two parties involved to witness the referendum.”
Osaze-Uzzi said, “It is after the referendum must have been verified that its outcome would be presented to the Senate President.”
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Dino Melaye is a Social Deviant – Yahaya Bello appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why it matters to you The first trailer for Keanu Reeves' upcoming sci-fi film Replicas shows the actor transferring the consciousness of deceased loved ones
The first trailer for upcoming sci-fi film Replicas was shown to eager audiences at New York City Comic Con on Thursday, October 5, showcasing a grief-stricken Keanu Reeves as they attempt to transfer the consciousness of their loved ones into new bodies.
The film follows Reeves' character Dr. William Foster, a neuroscientist who is on the verge of being able to digitally transfer the consciousness of humans when their family is killed in a tragic car accident. In order to resurrect them, Dr. Foster recruits colleague Ed Whittle (Thomas Middleditch) to help clone them, with the major snag being that cloning is illegal and untested.
In the new trailer, Reeves' character first appears in their lab, where they are struggling to complete a transfer of human consciousness into a robot. After a series of short cuts that includes shots of their family and of them working, their character's wife (played by Star Trek star Alice Eve) walks into the room, at which point they explain to them that there has been an accident. From there, we see shots of them and their family in a car wreck, with their four bodies in bags on the floor of their house. After this, we only get allusions as to what may go awry in the film, with Thomas Middleditch's character saying, “There is a reason cloning is illegal.”
Whether or not the film will become an all-out sci-fi horror flick remains to be seen, but there are certainly many intriguing possibilities as to how the scenario will eventually play out on screen.
Replicas is being produced by Reeves and production partner Stephen Hamel, with help from Transformers producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura. The script was written by Chad St. John (London Has Fallen) based on an original story by Hamel. The film is being directed by Jeffrey Nachmanoff, who is best known for writing. The Day After Tomorrow).
The upcoming film is currently in post-production, and the film is slated for release next year. Given Reeves' history as a star of critically acclaimed science fiction films, including The Matrix trilogy, as well as their recent success in the John Wick series, there's a good chance it will do well at the box office. We'll update this post as we learn more about the film.
Former opera singer Mike Rowe began their television career by selling tchotchkes on QVC. They parlayed that into a successful career hosting industrial jobs-focused shows including Dirty Jobs and Somebody's Gotta Do It, as well as stints as a pitchman for Ford and Caterpillar. Many wish the outspoken advocate for hardworking Americans would run for president someday, but Rowe's acumen for honesty, logic and reason preclude a career in politics. Instead, they used their various platforms and smooth, baritone voice to eloquently echo the message industries such as manufacturing have wanted, but couldn't quite articulate for decades: We need skilled somebodies to do the dirty jobs.
And as great a voice that they have, and is, Rowe knows talk is much less valuable than sweat equity, so for the last decade, through mikeroweWORKs, the Baltimore native has amassed millions to award scholarships to those who exude the work ethic and determination America needs right now and are interested in learning a skill or mastering a trade. Oftentimes, it'll lead to a much happier and profitable future than owing your soul to the new company store, the U.S. higher education system.
For the 3.6 million teenagers graduating from high school this spring, Rowe's message about following opportunity, not passion, seeking challenges and not safe spaces, should come as a warning and relief. Like amassing $100,000 in student loans for a four-year degree, trying to explain this message better than Rowe is folly. So we went to the man themselves to explain what it all means and how we can tackle the skills gap that will only widen with every graduating class.
John Hitch: What do you think about the state of the manufacturing industry and the future of its workforce?
Mike Rowe: Honestly I don't look at manufacturing in that isolated the way. To be honest, I'm not even sure what it means anymore. I know it means making things. But to me the notion of learning a skill and mastering a trade is still as for sale as it's ever been. What does that mean in the manufacturing sector, vis-à-vis automation, new efficiencies, and things like that? I know that that's a big headline, but I don't really know that I'm qualified to talk specifically about the future of manufacturing.
I'm comfortable saying if you try and separate blue collar from white collar, and if you try and separate the skilled trades from manufacturing in general, then I feel like you're splitting the baby and you're talking about heads, but not tails. What's really on the table, I think, is a much larger dysfunctional relationship with work in general.
So the business of mastering a skill and the idea that a skill can lead to prosperity, that's the thing that I feel like has been maligned. And we look for examples in my foundation to prove that that path still exists. But does it always land in the classic manufacturing job? I'm not sure, because that industry is changing so fast I can't keep up with it. But I still know in a very general way that the impediments to recruiting in manufacturing are higher than they've ever been, and it just doesn't make sense given the openings that are available. So it has to be being caused by something else, something social, something a societal.
JH: I've been doing a lot of stories in the last couple of years just on STEM, coming across studies such as one that says 52% of teenagers aren't interested in any job in manufacturing…
MR: I think acronyms are tricky. They're clever and then they get socialized and now everybody is like, “Oh good, you know science, technology, engineering and math.” But I went on a rant a few years ago that it should be STEMS. There should be another “S” at the end that should be for skill, because if you don't include skill in the acronym, then you just marginalized its importance by making its absence so conspicuous.
And then I ran into these guys who were doing a thing called the STEAM Carnival. There's STEM again, but they were all pissed off because the “A” wasn't in there for the Arts. And I sympathize, because if you really look at the way shop class was arbitraged out of high schools, it started by taking the art out of the vocational arts and then making it just votech and then just making it shop. And then you walk out behind the barn and shoot it in the ear.
And there simply is no better way to show what's important than by removing it from their sight. I just feel like a lot of these conversations about the future of manufacturing, the future of the skilled trades and the widening skills gap, etc., it has to start with the fact that these things can't be mysteries. These things are the logical results of completely removing an entire discipline of vocations from the sight of parents and kids.
JH: On your Facebook page last month, a woman who didn't like one of your recent diatribes on the skills gap and hard jobs fired back at you that not everyone wants to have a hard job. Is there a misconception where these skilled jobs have to be dirty and dangerous?
MR: The problem isn't that so much has changed in that world; the problem in my view is that higher ed needed a PR campaign in the '50s and '60s. We actually needed more people to enthusiastically matriculate through universities. Society really could benefit from more liberal arts classical thought and more people with a broad-based understanding of stuff. And so the push for college in my view was legitimate. Unfortunately, the push for college came at the expense of other forms of education. And this is just a classic trap in most forms of advocacy and PR. You promote one thing not to the betterment of itself but at the expense of the other. So the proposition became “if you don't go to a four-year school, you're going to wind up over here in this shithole. But if you wind up over there, then the kind of job you're going to get is going to make you want to kill yourself. So the whole transaction became fraught with false consequences. That's how we promote it.
I still have a poster that was in my guidance counselor's office that was really one of the first attempts to broadly promote college with a platitude, and the platitude was “Work smart, not hard.” And that's really where a lot of people just assume it's a logical thing with regard to heightened efficiency and of course it is. But that caption appeared on a photo of a kid holding a diploma next to a skilled worker holding a wrench and looking like they just won a vocational consolation prize.
mikeRoweWORKS
When you start telling kids that if you don't work smart, you'll have no choice but to work hard, you're giving them this "Let's Make a Deal” choice, where behind the curtain is nothing but a box of Borax or a brand new, shiny Corvette. It's not fair, it's not right, it's not sensible. But that basic notion has infected and informed a big chunk of our culture, and consequently you've got well over $1 trillion in student loans on the books and you've got over 6 million jobs that are currently open, many in manufacturing, many in the skilled trades — and few of which require a four-year degree. So that's your disconnect in a nutshell.
Today we have this notion that if you're unhappy in your work it's because your work is making you unhappy. And that's what I mean when I talk about a general war on work. It's a bit hyperbolic but as Dirty Jobs proved we every week, I can show you people doing difficult and dangerous things that are clearly and demonstrably dirty. These are not the jobs your parents you hope and pray you get. And yet the people are happy they're having fun they're engaged and they know that what they're doing has meaning. So that was a big lesson in that show.
JH: Watching YouTube videos of your stint at QVC, where it clearly wasn't what you wanted to do, but made it look fun, is this current advice analogous to your own past experience?
QVC was not the job I wanted. It was not the job I dreamed of. It was not the job I'd considered. I was fired from it three times in three years. However, I had an absolute scream working at QVC, and for as much fun as I make of them these days, to be honest, it was the most valuable training I ever got. It was the ultimate apprenticeship for me from my industry. And at the time, I just took the job because I needed some money. I had no aspirations to sell stuff in the middle of the night to a bunch of narcoleptic codependents. It was the last thing in the world on my mind, but I could see that it was a business and I respected the skill that it took to sit on live television for three hours at a time and not go up in flames.
So I appreciated the challenge of doing that. I approached it very differently than my counterparts and to the horror of my many bosses, but the fans loved it. So if I were writing a book called Lessons from the Dirt I would start by telling you what I learned at QVC. And I would make it very analogous to the importance of getting a tool box that makes sense to the basic industry you think you want to work and that's what I think more people could benefit from doing.
I don't think many people could benefit from selling the Core Negative Ion Generator at 3:00 a.m. like I did. However, I think a lot of people could benefit from opening a toolbox full of more traditional tools and going to a job site and spending six months, nine months, 18 months learning how to weld learning how to hang sheet rock learning how to do the basics, learning how to build something, because once you have that skill that goes with you and those skills you know those aren't going to vanish.
JH: Do you think there's a lack of work ethics with the younger workforce, and that's why they are turning down solid assembly jobs for easier work for less pay?
MR: Millennials are an easy target. And I hate to generalize, so I don't like to just say the obvious thing and take the obvious shot, but our scholarship program through mikeroweWORKS is called a Work Ethic Scholarship Program. And to apply, you need to jump through all kinds of hoops that annoy all kinds of people who don't want to have to make a video. They don't want to have to write an essay.
They ask, “Why should I have to submit references? Why do I have to make a case for myself?”
I make them sign something called a sweat pledge. It's a 12-point promise that essentially affirms a belief in personal responsibility personal accountability. It's full of things that a lot of people bristle at today. So they say, “Well I'm not sure I want to sign this.” And I say, “That's cool. I'm not sure this particular pile of free money is for you.”
JH: Is there any indicators or personality traits that you've picked up on visiting the hundreds of factories and sites where you can look at a person and say, “These are the two worth three definitive factors to help someone be successful in the trades”?
MR: That's really a terrific question, and my honest answer is “No.” The people who I know that are successful in the trades are no different than the people I know who are successful in my industry. My working supposition is that anybody can be a tradesman.
I love that word and I think it should be way more broadly defined. If tradesmen can only be blue collar workers, and if blue collar is fundamentally pejorative, then tradesmen are fundamentally subordinate. That's a tautological trap. I think that anybody can approach their work like a tradesman.
My grandfather was a tradesman. They could build fix repair anything. They only went to the seventh grade and they were a master plumber, steam fitter, pipefitter, architect and welder— and they could work. They had ultimate job security even though they aren't employed full-time.
I guess what I'm saying is that being a tradesman is a state of mind and whether you're welding or selling tchotchkes in the middle of the night on QVC. You chose a trade and now it's incumbent upon you to get a toolbox that has tools in it that you've mastered. And I'd say the same thing to a lawyer or an accountant or a crab fisherman or whatever. If we think of the business of learning a trade or becoming a trade person as a mental state instead of a vocational distinction, then we're probably on the right track.
JH: You have spoken about the problem of passion without the skill to back it, such as all the train wrecks on American Idol. If you're a parent, how do you handle that tactfully, telling your kid who wants to be a doctor they are better off becoming an electrician?
Mike Rowe
MR: Well the first thing you do is you as you acknowledge the accepted progression and the accepted progression is, “think about what you want to do, identify that thing and act the plan.”
You go to college, borrow money, interview, move if need be. And then you will eventually find yourself in the position that you have said will make you happy. That's basically how it works. And that's what that whole “follow your passion” thing was. I didn't say, “Don't be passionate.” I said “Don't follow your passion,” because your passion can exist separate and apart from your ability. And just because you're passionate about becoming an American Idol doesn't mean you're going to win. It doesn't even mean you're going to get a shot. So I wouldn't tiptoe around that. That's a that's a big, giant, basic truth And I don't think the whole notion of everybody getting a trophy or the ascension of safe spaces has done anybody any good at all.
I think it's just fostered a completely unrealistic view of the world. So I wouldn't tiptoe around the truth of that but I would also suggest there's another way to go. And the other way is if you're going to follow something, follow opportunity. Take your passion with you. There's no excuse for doing something you're not passionate about.
You only get to one life. If you're going to be a welder, be passionate about it but don't tell me you can't be passionate about it because you don't like it. That's a choice. It's a long way of saying “eat your peas.” And I don't want to sound like a grumpy old guy on the porch yelling at kids to get off the lawn. I really don't. But that's what I can leave you with. That's the big lesson of Dirty Jobs. When you find somebody who's in a septic tank working their ass off laughing, sweating and prospering all as a result, you can't deny that that person is passionate. That person is engaged and that person is prospering. But they didn't get there because somebody said, “Hey look, you're 17. What do you want to do?”
No, they look around and they say, “You know what. Nobody's cleaning septic tanks. That looks like an opportunity.
They pursue it then they figure out how to get really good at it. Then they figure out how to love it.
DETROIT — Aaron Rodgers threw three of their four touchdown passes in the second half, lifting the Green Bay Packers to an NFC North-winning 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
Detroit's Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left, but the Packers recovered the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.
The Packers (10-6) closed the regular season with six straight wins, running the table as Rodgers said they could after losing four straight games midway through the season, to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like their team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. They will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game.
Detroit (9-7) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North, spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993.
The Lions, though, will be in the playoffs for the second time in three years with coach Jim Caldwell because the Giants beat the Washington Redskins earlier in the day. The sixth-seeded Lions will play at third-seeded Seattle on Saturday night in a wild-card game.
Rodgers, who was 27 of 39 for 300 yards, threw a go-ahead, 3-yard TD pass to Davante Adams with 9:23 left in the third quarter. Rodgers connected with Geronimo Allison and Adams in the end zone in the fourth quarter to give Green Bay a 14-point lead in a game it trailed 14-7 at halftime.
Stafford put Detroit ahead by a touchdown with a 3-yard pass to Golden Tate with 23 seconds left in the second quarter after Zach Zenner tied it with a 1-yard run.
Stafford was 26 of 41 for 347 yards with two TDs and an interception. They made some fantastic passes and some they sailed over wide-open receivers.
gallery: PHOTOS: Packers at Lions
RODGERS RUNS
Rodgers ran for 42 yards, their third-highest total of the season, on 10 carries. By design, they converted a third-and-1 from the Green Bay 34 with a 13-yard run a bootleg. Rodgers also used their feet to escape sacks and to give their receivers time to get open.
MISSED OPPORTUNITIES
Stafford failed to connect with Tate when they were all by themselves midway through the first quarter, wasting a chance to make a big play to possibly score on Detroit's second drive. Early in the scoreless second period, Matt Prater missed a 39-yard field goal. Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews also missed an opportunity, dropping one of Stafford's passes that they could've possibly returned for a score.
MATTHEW'S MILESTONE
Stafford surpassed 30,000 yards passing for their career, becoming the fastest quarterback to reach the mark. They did it in their 109th game Sunday night against Green Bay. The previous record was held by Dan Marino and Kurt Warner, who did it in 114 games. With a chance to lead the Lions to a signature win, however, Stafford came up short to add to their legacy that they beat bad teams and loses against winning teams.
gallery: Top Tweets: Packers' Ripkowski updates a Christmas classic
INJURIES
Packers: Two cornerbacks — Quinten Rollins (neck) and Makinton Dorleant (knee) — were carted off the field minutes apart late in the third quarter and another cornerback — Damarious Randall (knee) — left the game with an injury in the second half. Rollins, who was conscious and able to move, was taken to a hospital. Receiver Randall Cobb (ankle), running back James Starks (concussion) and center JC Tretter (knee) were inactive with injuries.
Lions: Receiver Marin Jones was evaluated late in the game for a concussion, but returned to play. Cornerback Darius Slay returned from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury. Right tackle Riley Reiff was out with a hip injury and was missed, especially when Nick Perry got past their replacement, Corey Robinson, for a possession-ending sack in the third quarter. Robinson left the game with an apparent injury in the second half and
UP NEXT
Packers: Green Bay will play the Giants at Lambeau Field, where it beat them 23-16 in Week 5.
Lions: Detroit, which has won only one playoff game since winning the 1957 NFL title, will face long odds to advance on the road against the Seahawks.
“Jersey Shore” star Vincent “Vinny” Guadagnino will speak at Miami's second annual Mental Health Forum.
The event will be held at Hall Auditorium on Thursday, Sept. 7 at 6 p.m. Admission is free.
Though Guadagnino is best known for their stint on the MTV reality show, they also wrote a book, published in 2012, about their struggles with anxiety, “Control the Crazy: My Plan to Stop Stressing, Avoid Drama, and Maintain Inner Cool.”
The 29-year-old has also been a spokesperson for MTV's “A Thin Line” campaign against bullying.
The event is co-sponsored by Associated Student Government (ASG), Student Counseling Services (SCS), the Interfraternity Council (IFC), Panhellenic Association, Miami Activities and Programming (MAP) and the Residence Hall Association (RHA).
ASG made the announcement about Guadagnino's appearance Monday night on their Facebook and Twitter pages.
Save the date for our second annual Mental Health Forum, with keynote speaker Vinny Guadagnino! pic.twitter.com/newubc5RH9 — Miami University ASG (@MiamiASG) August 15, 2017
Comments
ITTA BENA, Miss. — Reginald Gee scored from in the paint twice in overtime and Alabama State escaped Mississippi Valley State with an 89-85 victory in a Southwestern Conference battle Saturday.
Gee put the Hornets in front with a layup and Jacoby Ross extended the lead to five with a 3-pointer. Terrance LeFlore answered a layup from Dante Scott to keep the lead at five. After Jordan Evans hit from deep, Gee tipped in a missed layup by Ross with :35 left to set the final score.
LeFlore tied the game at 80-80 with :27 left in regulation with a 3-point play to force overtime.
Gee and LeFlore each scored 17 points and Ross added another 16 to lead Alabama State (4-18, 4-6), which hit 32 of 64 shots from the field, including 11 of 26 from distance.
Evans finished with 22 points and Scott and Lorenzo Hunt each added another 14 points for the Delta Devils (1-22, 1-9).
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysian police arrested a woman Wednesday in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Police released a statement saying the woman was carrying Vietnamese travel documents when they were arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
Kim Jong Nam died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport, said a senior Malaysian government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Malaysian officials have provided few other details. Police said an autopsy was planned to determine the cause of death.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “reign of terror.”
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS cited Kim Jong-un's alleged “paranoia” about their half brother. Still, the agency has a history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the country's leaders as mentally unstable.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
Police were searching for clues in the closed circuit television footage from the airport, said Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat. The airport is in Selangor, near Kuala Lumpur.
According to the Malaysian government official, Kim Jong Nam was in a shopping concourse and had not yet gone through security for a planned flight to Macau when the incident occurred.
Kim was estranged from their half brother, the North Korean leader. Although they had been originally tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their late dictator father, Kim Jong Il, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
They reportedly fell further out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
Ken Gause, who is with the CNA think tank in Washington and has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam had traveled under.  They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within their own family, they could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime. It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of their despair at Kim's purges.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of their half brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
“It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un,” Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their half brother.
Among Kim Jong-un's executions and purgings, the most spectacular was the 2013 execution of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that they did not have political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their half brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot them in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on their life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed they were no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable, as their defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the wife of their executed uncle — appears to have fallen from favor or died. They have not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon they have in the North Korean government.
A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May. They have a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un's gatekeeper, Gause said.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
A prominent member of the presidential council of Libya's U.N.-backed government in Tripoli has resigned.
Musa al-Koni's resignation at a televised press conference Monday was the first such move by one of the nine members of the council, formed in early 2016.
Al-Koni, a deputy Prime Minister from southern Libya, cited the body's failure to assert authority over state institutions or provide services to citizens as a reason for their resignation.
The U.N.-brokered body was created as an attempt to establish a unity government to end the chaos that has plagued Libya since the ouster and killing of longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi in a 2011 uprising. Instead, Libya remains divided between east and west, with no effective government and rival factions and militias.
Roku Inc. today announced that The Roku Channel will be the launch destination for ABC News Live, a new 24/7 live and linear news stream from anchor partner ABC News.
It will utilize the worldwide resources of ABC News and their people in the field to deliver news in a modern package, and take users live, on location to show – not tell them – what's happening in the world.
“We built The Roku Channel so it's easy to navigate, offers great content and brings real value to our customers,” said Rob Holmes, Vice President of Programming, Roku.
“Today, we're working with some of the industry's most forward-looking news organizations such as ABC News, Cheddar, People TV, and others, to deliver yet another customer-requested feature to The Roku Channel – live and linear news. ABC News has been at the forefront of producing and delivering live news for OTT viewing and we're excited to have them on-board as one of our anchor news partners.”
James Goldston, ABC News division president, sent the following memo to staff on Tuesday:
Team,
I have terrific news to share. Today we're announcing an exciting new partnership with Roku, the fastest-growing over-the-top service, to deliver live news 24/7 to their viewers nationwide. It's a big step into our future.
Colby Smith and their team have spent the last 3½ years experimenting with how best to deliver news to audiences on new platforms, delivering thousands of livestreams from every event and breaking news story imaginable.
After analyzing the mountains of data, we've seen time and again viewers want to be shown what's happening right now, up close and on location whenever possible, live, every minute of every day.
The result is a 24/7 livestream we're calling ABC News Live, powered by the unmatched worldwide resources of ABC News and our brilliant journalists in the field to deliver the most compelling events happening around the world.
From breaking news and confirmation hearings to midterm campaign rallies, student walkouts and the royal wedding, ABC News will be there, live. You'll also see new programs being introduced over time like The Briefing Room, which airs live immediately after the daily White House press briefing, for more context and to be on the ground with our exceptional team of journalists.
ABC News Live will help us connect with our viewers in a whole new way. It will also change how we approach news gathering and reporting around the world.
We will be looking to every one of you in the News Division to help support and grow this important new initiative. This is just the first step, but I view this as the beginning of a journey that will redefine what ABC News means to our audience. By matching our world class reporting with groundbreaking technology, we will make our journalism and storytelling even more vital and powerful.
David Reiter will lead our ABC News Live daily news programming as we gear up for the public launch on Roku in May. Katie Nelson will oversee our livestream strategy. Thanks to the tireless work of Cat McKenzie, Josh Ascher, Ryan Amelio and countless others, we've already built an excellent foundation. Now we're counting on all of you to take us even further.
Please join me in congratulating the team.
James
With the aim of minimising waste, Te Arawa marae are working hard to implement the Para Kore programme, a programme that is established throughout the country and has proven successful.
The Para Kore programme is based on reducing waste, recycling and composting at Marae and Māori events. Last year the Māori initiative was the proud recipient of the Energy Globe Award.
Newly appointed waste advisor, Davina Thompson says, “I'm very excited to support the Te Arawa Māori community to tackle waste with the Para Kore programme.”
Thompson, who lives in Kawerau, is currently in their final year studying toward a Bachelor of Humanities (Te Tohu Toi Tangata) majoring in Indigenous Policies and Development at Te Whare Wānanga o Awanuiarangi.
They say, “I feel honoured to be on the Para Kore waka, delivering a dynamic kaupapa of looking after the natural environment to our whānau of Te Arawa and Ngāti Awa. Over 200 marae and Māori community organisations across Aotearoa have already implemented the Para Kore programme. Through recycling and composting, marae can reduce their waste significantly.”
“Our goal is that by 2020 all marae, kōhanga reo, kura, and Māori organisations of Te Arawa are working towards Zero Waste. Let's do this whānau. Give me a call, and I can come give a presentation about the kaupapa at your next hui," says Thompson.
This project is being funded by the Rotorua Lakes Council and the Waste Minimisation Fund, which is administered by the Ministry for the Environment.
The Battle of Ridgefield wasn't an isolated encounter, but part of a four-day incursion by British forces under Major Gen. William Tryon into southwestern Connecticut, known as The Danbury Raid.
Some 2,000 British troops sailed from New York, landed in what is now Westport from ships anchored off Compo Beach, marched to Danbury and burned colonial supplies there. As they made their way back the British were harassed by colonial forces and were confronted in Ridgefield — the Battle of Ridgefield — then fought the colonials again in Westport as they returned to their ships, waiting in Long Island Sound.
As Ridgefield's battle re-enactment on April 29 nears, related events are being planned in Ridgefield and by other towns around the area — celebrations of those communities' involvement in the historic events of April 1777.
In Ridgefield, events planned in support of the battle reenactment on Saturday, April 29, including encampments that day, a black tie gala that night. The reenactment on the 240th anniversary of the battle are being organized by local Masons from Jerusalem Lodge 49 in honor Gen. David Wooster, the founder of Freemasonry in Connecticut and an organizer and leader of the colonials' resistance to the raid, who was fatally wounded in fighting along North Salem Road.
Here's a look at upcoming events in Ridgefield and the surrounding area:
Westport's Uncivil Revolution: A Family Divided by Politics, Smugglers, Snitches and Tory Raiders, talk by author Jonathan Walker, Tuesday, April 18, 7 p.m. at Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Place, Westport, $10, reservation recommended, 203-222-1424.
Connecticut During the Revolutionary War — Provision State and Arsenal of the Revolution,” lecture by Eric Chandler, Thursday, April 20, 5:30-7:30, Danbury Museum and Historical Society, Huntington Hall, 43 Main Street, Danbury. Free.
“Monument Madness Minuteman Monument” by Kathie Bennewitz Thursday, April 20, noon, Lunch and Learn, at Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Place, Westport; $10 donation, reservations recommended, 203-222-1424.
“The Not-So-Good-Life of the Colonial Goodwife” — a “funny, frank an interactive presentation about little-known issues faced by New England's colonial women” including “sex, birth control, childbirth, sickness, medicine and cooking,” presented by Velya Janz-Urban, Sunday, April 23, 2 p.m., Danbury Museum and Historical Society, Huntington Hall, 43 Main Street, Danbury. $10 per person.
Music George Washington Would Have Heard, concert of period songs and instrumental performances, Greens Farms Congregational Church, Westport, Sunday, April 23, 5 to 6. Sponsored by Westport Historical Society, $10 donation suggested.
The 1777 Danbury Raid Talk, by Ed Hynes, Wednesday, April 26, 7 to 8, Westport Historical Society, 25 Avery Place, Westport. $10 donation. Register at 203-222-1424.
“Separating Fact from Legend” Lecture on the Battle of Ridgefield by Keith M. Jones III, author of Farmers Against the Crown, the definitive account of battle, and the founding president of Ridgefield Historical Society, Friday, April 28, 7 p.m. St. Stephen's Church. Free. Reservations recommended at [email protected] or 203-438-5821.
British Encampment, Ballard Park, Saturday, April 29, 9-5: Reenactors from Their Majesty's 54th Regiment of Foot in character, army drills, musket-ball smelting. Free.
American Encampment, Keeler Tavern, Saturday, April 29, 9-4: reenactors from Fifth Connecticut Regiment in character, artisans demonstrating crafts. Historic characters on grounds will include: Gen. Benedict Arnold, who led colonial troops at Battle of Ridgefield; Sybil Luddington, who rode through New York countryside sounding the alarm of British raid; and Timothy and Esther Keeler, local patriots and keepers of the tavern. Visitors may view the cannonball lodged in Tavern wall during the battle. Saturday, April 29, 9-4. Free.
Field Hospital and Encampment, Ridgefield Historical Society's Scott House on Sunset Lane, Saturday, April 29, 10-5. Features Dr. Amos Baker with 18th Century medical tools, also encampment by reenactors from Connecticut Fourth and Sixth Regiments. Camp followers will demonstrate campfire cooking. Germantown Ancients' Fife and Drum Corps will perform in afternoon. Free.
Walking tours of battle area, Saturday, April 29, leaving periodically from battle monument in stone wall by Casagmo. Battle history, and landmarks such as historic homes and churches. Reservations with Ridgefield Historical Society at [email protected] or 203-438-5821 Free.
The battle! British redcoat and Continental Army reenactors clash on Main Street, from near Casagmo down to the Keeler Tavern, with barricades near the library, Saturday, April 29, 10:30 to 2.
Honoring of wounded war veterans. At conclusion of battle reenactors of both armies will march to Masons' Jerusalem Lodge 49 just south of town hall to honor wounded war veterans. Address by First Selectman Rudy Marconi. Saturday, April 29, 2 p.m.
Anniversary Black Tie Gala, with dinner, Saturday, April 29, Lounsbury House, Main Street. Swing music by Glenn Hansen Orchestra, dinner with 1777 ingredients by chefs Tyler Anderson on Luke Venner. Cocktails at 5, dinner at 6:30. Tickets, $175 each, available at battleofridgefield.org.
Patriot Dinner, a colonial dinner and story of Wilton's part in the Raid on Danbury told by Bob Russell, Saturday, April 29, 6:30-9:30 Wilton Historical Society's Burt Barn. $50 for Wilton Historical Society members, $75 for non-members. Reservations at wiltonhistorical.org or 203-762-7257.
Outdoor religious service in Ballard Park by a period chaplin, Sunday, April 30. 9 a.m.
Graveside memorial service at Danbury's Wooster Cemetery for General David Wooster, the father of Connecticut Freemasonry, who was mortally wounded at Battle of Ridgefield; Sunday, April 30, 11 a.m. Free.
“Conversion 1777, Loyalist to Patriot,” lecture, Ridgebury congregational church Sunday April 30, 11:30, followed by guided tour of Ridgebury Cemetery's graves of Revolutionary War veterans. Free.
Olde Town Cemetery self-guided walking tours, visiting the graves of Revolutionary War soldiers. Volunteers in Revolutionary War era attire will tell the stories of some graveyard residents. Sunday, April 30, 1 to 4. The cemetery is along Route 116, North Salem Road, and adjoins other cemeteries off Mapleshade Road and North Street. Free.
Bus Tour of the Danbury Raid, Sunday, May 7, 9 to 4, starting at Compo Beach Westport. Reservation required, Westport Historical Society, 203-222-1424. $60 includes lunch.
LONDON - A Nigerian LGBTQ activist was granted asylum in Britain after a 13-year legal battle to prove their sexual orientation, a drawn-out process that rights groups called a "miscarriage of justice."
Aderonke Apata, 50, who was given asylum last Thursday, had been trying to remain in Britain for more than a decade, but their case was refused several times after a judge ruled they were pretending to be a lesbian.
"I'm extremely overwhelmed with joy and gladness to know that now I'm safe and can live freely as a human being," Apata said in a statement on their Facebook page.
"As you rejoice with me for being safe, kindly remember that there are many people still in the same position that I was in for over 13 years," said Apata, who founded African LGBTQ charity African Rainbow Family.
Kenyan gay and lesbian organizations demonstrate outside the Nigerian High Commission in Nairobi on February 7, 2014. Simon Maina / AFP/Getty Images
African countries have some of the most prohibitive laws against homosexuality in the world: Same-sex relationships are a crime across much of the continent and can lead to imprisonment or the death penalty.
Apata ran away from their husband after they were pressured to marry which led to a Sharia court sentencing them to death for adultery and witchcraft. They then fled to London, where they claimed asylum for the first time in 2004.
Right groups celebrated the decision to grant Apata asylum but said more needed to be done to protect LGBTQ asylum seekers.
"Our dear friend Aderonke Apata has finally been granted refugee status after years of fighting for justice," said UK activist group Right to Remain. "She is a true inspiration."
Paul Dillane, executive director of LGBTQ rights group Kaleidoscope Trust and a witness in Apata's case, said their decade-long legal battle was an "egregious miscarriage of justice."
"Seeking asylum is not a crime and LGBT people fleeing persecution must be protected under the law. In my years of working with refugees, Aderonke's case stands out as an egregious miscarriage of justice," Dillane said in a statement to the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Related: Seeking Refuge in Kenya, LGBTQ Ugandans Find Themselves in Limbo
The Home Office said it "remains committed to improving the asylum process for those claiming asylum on the basis of their sexual orientation and gender identity."
Apata said the practice of assessing Africans' sexual orientation claims based on Western standards was problematic.
"They expect an LGBT person to have used sex toys, to go to gay clubs," Apata told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in May.
They have worked with several gay rights groups across Britain and is helping other LGBTQ Africans who are going through the same process.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Share
If you have a Nintendo Switch gaming console, you're going to want to listen up. As initially reported by Ars Technica, it would appear that a new “exploit chain” for Nvidia Tegra X1-based systems outlines an unpatchable process to run random code on all — that's right, all — Nintendo Switches. Hacker Katherine Temkin and their team at ReSwitched published an outline of the Fusée Gelée coldboot vulnerability, as well as a proof-of-concept payload that works on the Switch.
The exploit takes advantage of a vulnerability found in the Tegra X1's USB recovery mode, and somehow manages to avoid the lock-out operations that normally guard the chip's bootROM. By forcing a bad “length” argument, a hacker could effectively force the system to “request up to 65,535 bytes per control request.” That amount of data overflows the direct memory access buffer in the bootROM, which in turn opens the data up for attack and allows a hacker to run arbitrary code.
“By carefully constructing a USB control request, an attacker can leverage this vulnerability to copy the contents of an attacker-controlled buffer over the active execution stack, gaining control of the Boot and Power Management processor (BPMP) before any lock-outs or privilege reductions occur,” Temkin wrote of their discovery. And of course, the worst part of all of this seems to be that it cannot be fixed.
“Since this bug is in the Boot ROM, it cannot be patched without a hardware revision, meaning all Switch units in existence today are vulnerable, forever,” wrote fail0verflow. “Nintendo can only patch Boot ROM bugs during the manufacturing process.”
While actually executing the exploit would take quite a bit of skill, the steps to do so have now been fully outlined, which means that theoretically, anyone who wanted to take advantage of the serious bug could do so. So why are white-hat hackers posting all of this information online? As Temkin noted, the exploit is “notable due to the significant number and variety of devices affected, the severity of the issue, and the immutability of the relevant code on devices already delivered to end users. This vulnerability report is provided as a courtesy to help aid remediation efforts, guide communication, and minimize impact to users.”
As it stands, there are about 15 million Nintendo Switch consoles out and about in the world, so it is, in fact, a serious problem. We will keep you updated as the situation continues to develop.
The Food Standards Agency has issued a safety notice over the weekend after several baked goods were recalled due to the risk they may contain glass fragments.
Steak slices, Chicken and mushroom slices, minced beef and onion slices, cheese and onion pasties, chicken and bacon slices, chicken tikka slices and sausage and bean slices manufactured by Peter's Food Service and sold under the Peter's brand as well as LIDL Chef Select and ASDA brands have been recalled.
The Food Standards Agency notice reads:”Peter's Food Service Ltd recalls several baked meat and vegetarian pasty products because they may contain glass fragments. Products include ASDA, LIDL and Peter's brand products.
“No other Peter's Food Service Ltd batches or products are known to be affected.
“If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.”
The full list of affected products is detailed below:
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Chicken and Mushroom Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Minced Beef and Onion Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Deli Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken and Bacon Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Sausage and Bean Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Steak Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
The Saints hit the field for their 15th day of training camp as they shift their focus onto Sunday's matchup with the Los Angeles Chargers. The Chargers were pummeled by Seattle in their opener. While it's a fool's errand to equate one exhibition game with the expected performance in the next contest, it's probably safe to say the Saints aren't disappointed with whom they'll face next.
Some injury news updates from the earlier parts of practice. Center Max Unger is reportedly working but it's only individual work and it is off to the side.
Saints C Max Unger (foot) is in helmet and pads going through stretching this morning. — Herbie Teope (@HerbieTeope) August 14, 2017
Unger's foot injury is a huge scare for the Saints, with not much behind him. It was expected the injury could knock them out all the way to, and including, the start of the regular season. Their return to practice in any capacity is a good sing and indication their return is coming.
After practice, head coach Sean Payton provided more good news in regards to Unger's return.
Sean Payton said Saints are expecting Max Unger to get some work at some point during the preseason. — Josh Katzenstein (@jkatzenstein) August 14, 2017
First-round pick Marshon Lattimore is getting work, after missing several practices and the game against the Browns following a knee tweak.
Marshon Lattimore getting work with team in position drills — Joel A. Erickson (@JoelAErickson) August 14, 2017
Payton says Marshon Lattimore is 'close' to returning. — John Hendrix (@JohnJHendrix) August 14, 2017
The Saints put a scare in their fanbase when they started working out veteran corners, but with their return to practice Monday it appears there really is no longterm concern with the Ohio State product.
Saints DL David Onyemata, who left Sunday's practice, is not in pads today. He's currntly on the stationary bike off to the side. — Herbie Teope (@HerbieTeope) August 14, 2017
Early 11-on-11 highlights: TFL for Klein on Ingram, leaping catch by Kamara down seam. — Josh Katzenstein (@jkatzenstein) August 14, 2017
Alvin Kamara, after flashing the skill and talent that made the Saints draft them in their first preseason game, continues to show well in training camp.
Michael Thomas has cemented their role as the No. 1 receiver this offseason and followed up a scorching day catching the ball on Sunday with another catch in red zone 7 v 7 today.
Snead, Fleener and Thomas caught TDs in RZ 7-on-7. — Josh Katzenstein (@jkatzenstein) August 14, 2017
At the end of practice, Coach Payton spoke with the media where they declined to speak on the Delvin Breaux trade rumors. However, they offered this comment and spoke about the availability of Max Unger and rookie Marshon Lattimore.
Payton on players out with injuries: "Availability is important as anything else." #Saints — Garland Gillen (@garlandgillen) August 14, 2017
LONDON - A Nigerian LGBTQ activist was granted asylum in Britain after a 13-year legal battle to prove their sexual orientation, a drawn-out process that rights groups called a "miscarriage of justice."
Aderonke Apata, 50, who was given asylum last Thursday, had been trying to remain in Britain for more than a decade, but their case was refused several times after a judge ruled they were pretending to be a lesbian.
"I'm extremely overwhelmed with joy and gladness to know that now I'm safe and can live freely as a human being," Apata said in a statement on their Facebook page.
"As you rejoice with me for being safe, kindly remember that there are many people still in the same position that I was in for over 13 years," said Apata, who founded African LGBTQ charity African Rainbow Family.
Kenyan gay and lesbian organizations demonstrate outside the Nigerian High Commission in Nairobi on February 7, 2014. Simon Maina / AFP/Getty Images
African countries have some of the most prohibitive laws against homosexuality in the world: Same-sex relationships are a crime across much of the continent and can lead to imprisonment or the death penalty.
Apata ran away from their husband after they were pressured to marry which led to a Sharia court sentencing them to death for adultery and witchcraft. They then fled to London, where they claimed asylum for the first time in 2004.
Right groups celebrated the decision to grant Apata asylum but said more needed to be done to protect LGBTQ asylum seekers.
"Our dear friend Aderonke Apata has finally been granted refugee status after years of fighting for justice," said UK activist group Right to Remain. "She is a true inspiration."
Paul Dillane, executive director of LGBTQ rights group Kaleidoscope Trust and a witness in Apata's case, said their decade-long legal battle was an "egregious miscarriage of justice."
"Seeking asylum is not a crime and LGBT people fleeing persecution must be protected under the law. In my years of working with refugees, Aderonke's case stands out as an egregious miscarriage of justice," Dillane said in a statement to the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Related: Seeking Refuge in Kenya, LGBTQ Ugandans Find Themselves in Limbo
The Home Office said it "remains committed to improving the asylum process for those claiming asylum on the basis of their sexual orientation and gender identity."
Apata said the practice of assessing Africans' sexual orientation claims based on Western standards was problematic.
"They expect an LGBT person to have used sex toys, to go to gay clubs," Apata told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in May.
They have worked with several gay rights groups across Britain and is helping other LGBTQ Africans who are going through the same process.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
The Google logo is pictured atop an office building in Irvine, California, U.S., August 7, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Google (GOOG, GOOGL) is cancelling the domain for the white supremacist site Daily Stormer due to a “specific, immediate concern about inciting violence,” a spokesperson told Yahoo Finance.
The search-engine giant, which hosts website domains through its Google Domains service, made the decision to cut the cord to the hate site after GoDaddy (GDDY) told the Daily Stormer it had 24 hours to move to another domain hosting service.
GoDaddy, which has been criticized in the past for hosting such website domains, decided to cancel Daily Stormer's domain following a post that was critical of a woman who was run down by a car at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
Daily Stormer immediately made headlines on Monday morning when it moved its domain to Google.
A Google spokesperson initially explained that the Daily Stormer's domain was being cancelled for violating Google's terms of service. There's no mention of inciting violence in the company's terms of service document, though, it does state that Google can reject a domain's registration at its own discretion.
A website's domain is the name that tells your browser where to look in the vastness of the internet for the content you're seeking. Yahoo's domain, for example, is Yahoo.com. Without domains we would have to type in the internet protocol address, a long string of numbers and decimals, to point our browser to specific sites.
Without Google to host its domain, the Daily Stormer will have to seek out another hosting service. Chances are it won't have much trouble doing so, though, as there are still plenty of domain registration services available.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which keeps track of hate groups, calls Daily Stormer the “top hate site in America.” Following the events in Charlottesville, self-identified members of the hacker collective Anonymous took aim at the Daily Stormer, posting that they had taken control of the site and indicating that they would shut it down completely in 24 hours.
More from Dan:
Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow them on Twitter at @DanielHowley.
PRAGUE, Czech Republic — Czech airline Travel Service says it has acquired a majority stake in the national carrier, Czech Airlines, known as CSA.
Travel Service, the Czech Republic's biggest carrier, says it has reached a deal with the Czech state and Korean Air to buy their CSA stakes.
Travel Service had a 34 per cent stake, while Korean Air acquired a 44 per cent share from the government in 2013. The government still had almost 20 per cent.
The sale of the state's stake still depends on approval by an anti-monopoly office.
The transaction gives Travel Service a 97.74 per cent stake.
Travel Service operates regular flights under the name Smart Wings, as well as charter flights and private flights.
The CEFC China Energy Company has almost a 50 per cent stake in the airline.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Share
When it comes to online shopping, Black Friday and Cyber Monday usually get all of the attention. But for a brief moment in July, the spotlight shines on Amazon's biggest sale of the year: Prime Day. If you're looking to come away with some great deals this year, or just want some information on how it works, we're here to be your guide to Amazon Prime Day 2018.
What is Prime Day?
In 2015, the e-commerce giant celebrated 20 years of dominating online commerce by instituting a little thing called Prime Day, a day of sales meant to eclipse America's biggest buying holiday, Black Friday. Anyone with an Amazon Prime Membership has access to awesome deals on various items, including electronics. Despite a few hiccups around certain deals not being genuine, the newly minted Amazon holiday was an immediate success, and Prime Day became solidified as the annual buying extravaganza it is today.
The latest tech, whether it be TVs or fire tablets, can be astonishingly expensive, so Prime Day could be a great chance to fill your house with cool gadgets without having to take out a second mortgage. For an idea of what to expect, including TV deals, check out some of the best Prime Day deals from 2017.
When is Amazon Prime Day 2018?
We have yet to receive an exact date from our super secret sources, but we can give you our educated guess. Over the past few years, Prime Day has occurred sometime in mid-July, so chances are pretty good you can expect that to be the case this year. Last year, we celebrated this buying holiday on the second Tuesday of the month, July 11, with deals starting the evening prior. However, lead-up deals and promotions started about a week prior to give Prime Members early access to some pretty sweet savings.
Though we don't have all of the specifics around when deals will start rolling in, we assume the company will stick to the same pattern from these past few years, with Prime Day landing on July 10 this year. However, you can expect discounts to be extended to the day before, and potentially beyond. With the success of Amazon Prime Day 2017, we wouldn't be all that surprised to see something more comparable to a whole week of deals.
How does Prime Day work?
Amazon Prime Day deals are only available to users with an Amazon Prime account. Prime is a subscription service offered by Amazon that includes free two-day shipping on many items sold on the site, as well as access to a huge library of streaming TV shows and movies and a helpful little assistant called Alexa. Once you have a subscription, you can start taking advantage of some of the best deals the internet has to offer — including one of our favorite smart speakers, the Echo.
Savings appear in a few different categories — price cuts, promotions, and Lightning Deals. Price cuts will be your more stable discounted offers, with the only stipulation being limited supplies. A good example of this from last year is the top-selling 55-inch TCL 4K Smart TV, which was meant to be deeply discounted all day, but quickly sold out. Promotions are less about goods and more about services, meaning they are far less likely to sell out. You're likely to see lower prices on Amazon Video, Music, and deep savings on Amazon devices such as Fire HD tablets, Kindle Devices, and a whole host of Alexa-enabled tech. This celebration of e-commerce is a great time to pick up an Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, TP-Link devices, and Blu-Ray box sets.
If you're looking to snag the most extreme savings on electronics, home appliances, and a plethora of other products, you're going to need to keep your wits about you and dive into the Lightning Deals.
How do you get Lightning Deals from Amazon?
Lightning Deals are sales with special Prime Day pricing. They typically offer a heavy discount, but as the name implies, they come and go quickly. These items often have a limited supply, and given the amount of traffic the site gets even on a relatively slow day, the best can sell out before you even get the item in your cart. Because they are so popular, users are required to complete their purchase within 15 minutes. If they don't, the item in question is put back on the market. If the entire stock of an item is sitting in shoppers' carts, you can join a wait-list for that specific item to become available again, and receive a notification if the item has been made available.
If you're smart, which we know you are, you'll want to go to the Amazon Deals page on the day of the event and sort by “upcoming deals.” This will give you the chance to get prepared for a deal before it goes live. Just because you're being proactive doesn't mean you'll be lucky enough to nab all of the savings you want. You're competing with thousands of people for a limited quantity, so don't feel too bad if you miss out on something you wanted.
Can you shop on Prime Day if you aren't a Prime Member?
The short answer is no, but there are definitely ways around it. If you've never signed up for Amazon Prime before, you can get a free one-month Amazon Prime trial. This 30-day free trial comes with everything you'd expect from the subscription, including the bulk of the site's streaming options and access to Prime Day deals. And if you're still a student, and meet the same criteria, you can get a six-month free trial to get you started. If you are going to use the free-trial method, just make sure you start it sometime in late June to ensure it doesn't run out before the big day.
It should also be noted that Amazon will usually offer discounted Prime subscriptions as a lead-in to Prime Day. So if you have already used your free trial, you should be able to get access to Prime for a lot less just by waiting for the discount.
Looking for awesome savings? Find tech deals and more from our curated deals page, or follow us on Twitter for daily updates.
The law would exempt small businesses, but several justices said that if the court opened the door, other states might tax all sales or even make the taxes retroactive.
"Do you have any doubt that other states facing insolvency will want to grab everything they can?" asked Justice Samuel Alito.
In 1967, the Supreme Court ruled that states could not force mail-order catalog companies to collect sales taxes unless a buyer lived in a state where the company had a physical presence — a retail store, a headquarters or a distribution center, for example. The court reasoned that the volume of mail-order business was minor compared to in-store sales and that catalog companies would face too big a burden in having to figure out the correct sales tax, given widely different rates around the company.
South Dakota concluded in 2016 that the explosion in online sales changed the market drastically. So it passed a law requiring all but the smallest retailers, including internet companies, to collect taxes on the sales they make in the state, even if they had no physical presence there.
Some of the court's conservatives said overturning the earlier rulings wasn't necessary, with the internet's largest retailers already collecting sales taxes because they have a physical presence in many states.
"Some say the problem has peaked, with the bigger companies already paying the taxes. The problem is diminishing," said Chief Justice John Roberts.
Several justices also worried that the task of figuring out tax rates for 12,000 different taxing jurisdictions nationwide could push small companies out of business, even though South Dakota's Jackley said software programs now make it possible for a retailer to instantly compute the correct sales tax simply by entering a buyer's ZIP code.
Internet companies opposed to the South Dakota law also said local laws vary widely on what goods are subject to sales taxes. During back-to-school tax holidays, for example, some states exempt clothing, but others don't, and the definition of what qualifies as school supplies varies widely.
Forcing internet retailers to pay sales taxes everywhere would stifle competition and make it much harder for start-ups to get into the market, the companies say. In a friend-of-court brief, eBay said taxing internet sales would place "crushing burdens on small online businesses, causing many to curtail operations and damaging the national economy."
And besides, the companies argued, while e-commerce is growing rapidly, it still accounts for only about 9 percent of all retail sales — a smaller share than catalog companies had when the Supreme Court exempted them from paying sales taxes in states where they had no physical presence.
The companies also noted that the largest internet retailer, Amazon.com, now pays sales taxes in all the 45 states that collect them. That leaves out only Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire and Oregon. Some local communities have sales taxes in Alaska and Montana, but they are not levied statewide.
South Dakota said that the states could pick up a combined $34 billion a year if the court allows them to tax internet sales. But the General Accounting Office estimated that the number would be at most about $13 billion.
The Supreme Court has never held that a sales or use tax can be imposed on a retailer who sells to a customer who lives in a state where the company has no physical presence.
President Donald Trump gave the issue renewed visibility when they tweeted in early April that Amazon pays "little or no taxes to state & local governments." That wasn't correct: The company has collected taxes since April 1, 2017, on sales to customers in the states that have sales taxes, even though it is not legally required to do it.
By contrast, the online store at Trump.com, the official website of the Trump Organization, collects sales taxes only for purchases made by customers in Florida, Louisiana and Virginia.
The court will decide the case by late June.
Those wanting to be front and centre of Preston's Caribbean Carnival will battle it out over the weekend as the procession's King and Queen are chosen live in front of the city's crowds.
The procession is lead by the King and Queen, with those wanting to become festival royalty competing entertaining crowds through dance and their extravagant costumes.
The showdown takes place on Saturday (June 2) from 12.30pm to 4pm live from the Flag Market.
The competition marks a 10-day countdown to the Caribbean carnival on Sunday, June 10, something organisers describe as “the biggest party in Preston” with crowds of around 17,000 expected to join in the fun.
“Celebrating the flamboyant and creative Caribbean culture within our city, it is a great free day out for all,” organisers say.
Headline acts include King Tubby and Dub Smugglers, featuring vocalist Kuntri Ranks.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police chief constable's bid to have their gross misconduct hearing thrown out has been dismissed.
Suspended chief constable Simon Byrne, of Cheshire Constabulary, is accused of 'bullying' and 'humiliating' staff.
A gross misconduct hearing was due to start in Warrington last week but Mr Byrne's legal team applied to have the allegations dropped.
On Tuesday the panel rejected the application.
(Image: Google Streetview)
A spokesperson for the office of the Cheshire Police and Crime Commissioner said: "The independent panel stated that there was no significant prejudice or lasting harm caused to CC Byrne. It was the panel's clear view that CC Byrne can have a fair hearing.
"However, Chief Constable Byrne's legal team has indicated that they intend to challenge the independent panel's decision via a judicial review, subject to them securing funding.
"Subject to the outcome of any judicial review proceedings, the case will reconvene on Monday 2 July 2018. It is unfortunate that witnesses, who have been waiting for a significant amount of time to give evidence, will have yet a further delay before they are able to tell their story."
Gerry Boyle QC, representing Mr Byrne, told the hearing the investigation into the former Met Police officer was "unfair" and "littered with procedural errors".
They said: "The approach to this case by the commissioner has been perverse, unreasonable and unfair and It's for those reasons we submit on behalf of the chief constable that this hearing should be permitted to go no further."
Giving evidence to the hearing, commissioner David Keane said they had always wanted to 'do things in a very fair, very open and very considerate manner'.
RVH says work on its advanced cardiac care unit can begin by late this month and be completed by the fall. The hospital has awarded the $5 million contract to CHART Construction Management Inc. of Concord. “We've been building the foundation for a strong cardiac program for many years now,” says Janice Skot, president and CEO, RVH. “Over the past five years, we've recruited a team of eight heart doctors, added state-of-the-art diagnostic equipment, partnered with the YMCA to provide cardiac rehab in the community, opened a cardiac renal inpatient unit, a cardiac intensive care unit and an urgent cardiology clinic to identify at-risk patients. This really has been no small undertaking, but today's announcement makes our goal of providing an advanced cardiac program seem more real than ever.” The unit will be North Simcoe Muskoka's only advanced cardiac centre. It will mean fewer trips to Southlake Regional Health Centre in Newmarket.
From left – David McCullough, chair, RVH Foundation Board of Directors; Michael O'Keefe, vice chair, RVH Board of Directors; Ann Hoggarth, MPP Barrie; Janice Skot, president and CEO, RVH; Dr. Brad Dibble, medical director, Cardiovascular and Renal program, RVH; Gerry Marshall, warden, County of Simcoe; Selma Mitchell, operations director, Cardiovascular and Renal program, RVH.
Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini says Barcelona stars Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are like "sharks" and has urged their team-mates to do everything within their power to prevent the trio from making an impact in Wednesday's Champions League encounter.
The Turin giants hold a 3-0 lead from the first leg of the quarter-final tie, but Chiellini has warned it is not over yet and stressed Juve cannot afford to just sit deep and defend.
Messi, Suarez and Neymar were all on target when Barça produced a historic comeback in the last 16, recovering from a 4-0 defeat at Paris Saint-Germain by winning the return fixture at Camp Nou 6-1.
"If we can keep their key players away from the danger areas, press them high up the field and remain compact and organized, it will make life very difficult for them. If we go there, sit back and try to soak up pressure, we will lose," Chiellini told the Juve's official website.
Players with 20+ league goals in Europe's top five leagues in 14/15, 15/16 and 16/17:
Lionel Messi
Alexandre Lacazette
Harry Kane — Daniel Storey (@danielstorey85) April 18, 2017
"Barcelona has the best frontline in the world and their three strikers are probably three of the top five individuals. They are extraordinary players, each with their own unique qualities. You prepare for challenges like this by closing the spaces and being brave in what you do.
"These guys are like sharks; if you show a sign of nerves, they smell the blood and finish you off. Instead you have to push them back as far as you can, double up when they are in possession and shut down the lines between defence and midfield.
"If you can escape their press, Barça can struggle with balls over the top into the space behind. Knowing what you need to do though is one thing, producing it when you need to be another thing altogether."
(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
By MATTIAS KAREN
Associated Press
LONDON (AP) - Roger Federer and Serena Williams are making it look easy at Wimbledon - again.
Caroline Wozniacki is heading home early - again.
Federer and Williams cruised into the third round with straight-sets victories on Wednesday, looking at home on the Centre Court where they have won 15 titles between them.
However, Wozniacki still can't seem to get comfortable at the England Club - especially when there's a swarm of bugs flying around them head.
The Australian Open champion went out before the third round for the fourth time in seven years, losing 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia after complaining to the chair umpire about the insects that invaded No. 1 court during the second set.
No such problems for Federer, who won 35 straight points on their serve on route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
After serving out for the first set, Federer didn't drop a single point on their serve in the second and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third - when Lacko finally sent a backhand winner down the line.
It was another dominant display by the eight-time champion, who lost just nine of 61 points on their serve in total and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
"On certain days it goes better than others," Federer said. "Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players."
Williams was nearly as good, losing just five of 32 points on their first serve in a 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova. It was their 16th straight victory at Wimbledon, although they missed last year's tournament while pregnant.
Wozniacki is still waiting to get past the round of 16 for the first time, despite fighting back from 5-1 down in the third set and saving four match points at 5-3. But they were broken again in the final game, becoming the fifth of the top eight women's seeds to lose before the third round.
Five-time champion Venus Williams did better with their comeback attempt. The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 after dropping the first set for a second straight match.
In the first round, they started by conceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
"Ideally it's two sets," Venus said. "If it's not two sets, then go to Plan B."
In the men's draw, 13th-seeded Milos Raonic and No. 11 Sam Querrey also advanced in straight sets.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. — Wake Forest has kicked centre Sam Japhet-Mathias off the team for not meeting unspecified program expectations.
Coach Danny Manning announced Japhet-Mathias' dismissal Friday night.
Japhet-Mathias is a 6-foot-11 sophomore who played in six games this season, averaging 1.0 points and 1.3 rebounds.
The Demon Deacons play No. 20 Clemson on Saturday.
Biafra: 10 agitators sue Buratai
Ten Biafran agitators have filed a suit against Nigeria's Chief of Army Staff, Tukur Buratai and 13 others, for their alleged complicity in the 2016 torture and extra-judicial killings of some Biafra protesters. The suit, John Doe, et al vs. Tukur Yusuf Buratai et al, with civil action No. 1:17-cv-01033, has been assigned to Ellen […]
Biafra: 10 agitators sue Buratai
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
‘An embodiment of Ronaldo and Messi' – Twitter reacts to Mohamed Salah's records – Goal.com
Goal.com 'An embodiment of Ronaldo and Messi' – Twitter reacts to Mohamed Salah's records
Goal.com
The impressive performance by the Egyptian against as AS Roma on Tuesday night drew wonder of football fans on Twitter. Fuelled by their impressive performance this season, Mohamed Salah laid a huge one, in the form of a brace, as Liverpool spanked AS …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The irony that in a story about lawfare and sexual misconduct we had to suppress the identity of someone allegedly responsible for both was not lost upon our readers. Defamation law has been used by those who can afford it as a shield against being accountable for their actions for years.
Elsewhere Crikey readers lament the erosion of privacy rights.
PARIS — French officials say a young girl was killed and at least five people were seriously injured when a driver plowed their car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town about an hour from Paris.
The national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts after the suspect slammed their car into the pizzeria, killing one child and injuring several others. Investigators were on the scene and officials said it was unclear what motivated the incident.
French gendarmes maintain a roadblock a certain distance from the scene where a car ploughed into the outdoor terrace of a pizzeria in Sept-Sorts, east of Paris, on Monday, Aug.14. Benoit Tessier / Reuters
A police official in the region Seine-et-Marne told NBC News the girl who was killed was 12-years-old and that a 4-year-old child was also seriously injured and flown by helicopter to a hospital in Paris.
Four others were seriously injured and eight were slightly injured, the official said.
France's Interior Ministry told the AP that the man who drove their car into the pizzeria was apparently suicidal and the incident is not believed linked to terrorism.
Ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry Brandet said on BFM television that the man was born in 1985 and was believed to have tried to commit suicide last week.
DEEPLY DEEPLY NSFW SO NSFW
We've seen many things when we've been out mountain biking. And we mean a lot of things.
We've seen people fly over their handlebars, into trees, rupture their spleens, eat mud, land head first in dog shit. Admittedly often it's been us.
However.
HOWEVER.
However.
One thing we have never before passed while we've been out on the trails is two people full on going at it at the side of the trails. And by going at it, yes, we mean having full-blown sexual intercourse pretty much in the middle of the path. Or not quite the middle but near enough. Like, seriously, COME ON?!
“Sources remain confused as to why the couple failed to use the trees as protection…”
If you're going to do it, surely you could take the time to crawl into any of the beautiful fauna and flora surrounding yourself.
USE THE TREES AS PROTECTION.
We love how the guy filming this just stops to laugh for a while as well. Realistically, what else are you going to do?
We have no idea exactly where this was filmed but the video says it was in Ireland. Here's a lovely cycle through Ireland.
Anyway. Needless to say this is deeply NSFW. Enjoy.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE: TSM) recently went into mass production on its 10-nanometer manufacturing technology and is planning to go into volume production on its next-generation 7-nanometer technology in 2018. A year later — in the second half of 2019 — the company aims to mass produce a technology that it calls “7nm+,” which promises both performance improvements and chip-area reductions relative to the original 7-nanometer technology.
Continue Reading Below
After that, though, TSMC says that it intends to bring its 5-nanometer technology into volume production in the 2020 time frame. While 7nm+ represents a modest improvement relative to the original 7-nanometer technology, 5-nanometer should represent a bigger generational leap in terms of both performance and in chip area.
Image source: TSMC.
TSMC hasn't said too much about this technology, but it did offer some tidbits on its most recent earnings call.
Working with customers to decide what to build
TSMC co-CEO said that the company has been “working with major customers to define 5nm specs and to develop technology to support customers that reach schedule in [the] second quarter [of] 2019 with volume ramp in 2020.”
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The chip giant also said that it has developed “functional SRAM” on the technology. SRAM cells are memory cells that are embedded in chip designs and are generally used to build fast on-processor cache memories.
The major drivers of this technology
Going forward, there likely aren't going to be a lot of semiconductor companies that will be interested in rushing to next-generation chip manufacturing technologies. It's widely believed that each successive generation of manufacturing technology brings additional cost and complexity (at least to the chip design side of things), so only those companies that need the absolute cutting-edge performance/power/area are expected to quickly move to new technologies like 5 nanometers.
I expect that the high-end mobile chip companies will have critical influence on the definition of TSMC's 5-nanometer technology. Think, for example, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), which drives its chip manufacturing partners hard to get to next-generation chip technologies.
Indeed, Apple's in-house applications processors contain much of the functionality that makes an iPhone, and more advanced manufacturing technologies allow Apple to add additional features to its chips and boost performance by virtue of better transistors and the ability to throw more of them at the problem, all while keeping battery life and device size in check.
All of this stuff is absolutely critical to the user experience that Apple can deliver with its devices.
Given how important Apple's business is to TSMC, particularly when it comes to TSMC's business at the leading edge of chip manufacturing technology, I would strongly expect that Apple will have substantial influence on the definition of TSMC's 5-nanometer tech (and beyond).
Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM), too, might be another company involved in the definition of TSMC's 5-nanometer technology. Today, Qualcomm doesn't manufacture its high-end smartphone processors at TSMC — it uses Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) Foundry to build those chips — but rumors have been swirling that Qualcomm will return to TSMC for the 7-nanometer technology generation.
If that's the case, and if that collaboration extends to the 5-nanometer technology generation, then Qualcomm would be another company that would make use of such bleeding-edge technology (for both its high-end mobile chips and its server processor ambitions).
Another company that could benefit from this technology would be graphics specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA), and I wouldn't be surprised if TSMC sought NVIDIA's input — at least for a “high-performance” version — for the definition of 5 nanometers. Graphics processors are generally used for applications that require high-performance computing capabilities (it's not just graphics). Although NVIDIA has said it doesn't aim to be the first company to new manufacturing technologies, it wants to adopt them shortly after the first-movers (i.e., the Apples of the world) do.
10 stocks we like better than Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Nvidia, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
WASHINGTON — At least 45 Democratic challengers in 34 districts raised more money last quarter than the Republican member of Congress they're hoping to defeat in November, according to new campaign finance reports.
And that figure, which Democrats compiled and were touting to show their strength, does not include the dozens of places where GOP incumbents have retired, leaving behind open seats that are generally considered more vulnerable.
Democratic candidates across the country are being buoyed by a flood of cash as the party aims to win the 24 seats from Republicans they need to retake the House of Representatives in this year's midterm elections.
The first test will come in a March special election in western Pennsylvania, where Democrat Conor Lamb reported raising more than $557,000 to GOP State Rep. Rick Saccone's roughly $215,000 haul.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jeb Bush warns Trump could hurt GOP in 2018 midterms 5:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Fundraising is no guarantee of success, and most incumbents still have larger cash stockpiles thanks to years of fundraising. But the new Federal Election Commission reports from the fourth quarter of last year are another sign of the momentum Democrats hope will crest into a wave this fall.
The list of places Democratic challengers out-raised GOP incumbents includes both perennial battlegrounds and districts the party have typically not contested.
In New Jersey, a key theater in the war for the House, every single Republican member of Congress was out-raised by at least one Democratic challenger. Two Democrats beat Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J., who is not even on House Democrats' expansive 91-district target list.
The list includes suburban areas where affluent, educated voters are repelled by President Donald Trump.
In an often-contested district in the Denver suburbs, Democrat Jason Crow edged Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo., while in Orange County, California, Katie Porter out-raised Rep. Mimi Walters, R-Calif., even though Porter is embroiled in a seven-way Democratic primary.
The list also includes districts that voted for Obama but then swung towards Trump in the Midwest, like one in Northeast Iowa where Democrat Abby Finkenhauer doubled GOP Rep. Rod Blum's haul last quarter, over $300,000 to about $147,000.
And it includes places that tilt heavily Republican, at least on paper, like a district stretching South from Salt Lake City, Utah, where Democrat Ben McAdams out-raised Rep. Mia Love, R-Utah, who is well-known nationally as one of only two black Republicans in Congress.
"Democratic candidates across the country are out-hustling and out-organizing vulnerable Republican incumbents, many of whom have not faced a competitive challenge in a very long time and are struggling to find those old campaign muscles," said Tyler Law, a spokesperson for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
Still, Republicans have their own advantages in the money race. The Republican National Committee raised twice as much money as the Democratic National Committee last year, and an array of well-funded outside conservative groups are planning to spend hundreds of millions of dollars this cycle.
And of course, money only goes so far. Democrat Jon Ossoff raised more money than any congressional candidate in history in a Georgia special election last year, but still ended up losing the high-profile race.
In some cases, wealthy challengers supplied much of their own haul. And in others, Democrats will end up burning through major cash reserves in competitive primaries before they even get a chance to take on the Republican.
"Democrats have now come to the realization that winning a primary will be an expensive endeavor and we look forward to facing battered, cash-strapped candidates who have spent months telling voters how liberal they are," said National Republican Congressional Committee spokesperson Jesse Hunt.
A. I actually think it was less about Weinstein and more about the women who chose to speak out. This was one of the few, perhaps only, cases in recent history where the victims were vastly more famous than the abuser — and I think that was one of the many factors that contributed to the explosion. Social media played a part in the ripple effect, continuing to spread the message and to shift the conversation away from those famous women to the rest of us. And the rest of us are key to this. The #MeToo movement has sustained because sexual assault and harassment is a universal experience.
While debating sexual harassment legislation in Parliament this week, some of the legislators expressed concern that the #MeToo movement might flame out as rapidly as it rose up. What will it take to affect sustained changes?
I think we've already seen that that's not the case. As journalists, we so often wait for when reader fatigue sets in, when our audience tires of a particular story line or the next scoop comes along. That truly hasn't happened in this case. The stories keep coming, the complicity continues to be uncovered, and the major shift I've seen is the focus from pure accusations to what's next. In what ways have policy not kept up with the times? If we know that most sexual harassment training doesn't work — which we do — how will institutions work to eradicate the behavior? I don't think this conversation is going away, but I do think it will shift from problem to solution.
Are Americans paying any attention to the debates in Canada and elsewhere in the world?
I think that social media has helped keep the conversation global. In France it was #BalanceTonPorc, in Spain and Latin America #YoTambien, in Italy #QuellaVoltaChe, in Israel #גםאנחנו—#MeToo has stretched from Canada to China.
Ms. Bennett will be coming to Toronto on Feb. 21, along with Jodi Kantor and Emily Steel, The Times journalists who broke the Harvey Weinstein and Bill O'Reilly stories, for a discussion about the current social reckoning. It will be moderated by Catherine Porter, the Toronto bureau chief, and held at the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto. You can order tickets here, and there is a special price for Times subscribers.
Through the Reader Center, Ms. Kantor is also asking readers for examples of changes they've seen or experienced on how sexual harassment is being dealt with and would welcome your contributions.
Read: In Canada, a ‘Perfect Storm' for a #MeToo Reckoning
Attend: Journalism and the #MeToo Moment
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Contribute: What Changes Do You See in Tackling Sexual Harassment?
Sign Up: The #MeeToo Moment
Audio Times
Photo
One of The Times's most successful recent ventures is “The Daily,” the podcast hosted by Michael Barbaro. It marked its first anniversary this week. (There was cake in New York and Washington but none of it made its way up here.) During the past year “The Daily” been downloaded an astonishing 200 million times and it was the most popular new podcast in 2017 in Apple Podcasts.
The guests for its birthday week included Dan Bilefsky, my colleague who is based in Montreal and who spoke about asylum seekers entering Canada from the United States.
Listen: ‘The Daily:' Testing Canada's Welcome
Subscribe (free): “The Daily”
House Hunting
Photo
Interest rate increases by the Bank of Canada and new tests to make sure that mortgage holders can withstand them prompted predictions that Canada's housing market might cool down. So far, however, that has not happened.
Within that context the On The Market feature of our Real Estate section headed out to take a look at two condos in Toronto.
Read: Homes for Sale in Toronto
Second Chance
When Toronto celebrated being among the 20 finalists in Amazon's hunt to build its second head office, about a dozen other Canadians cities registered disappointment. But their bids may not be a lost cause. Nick Wingfield reported that Amazon may use the losing bids to plan future investments in warehouses and satellite offices. Someone familiar with the process told Mr. Wingfield that Montreal stood out because of “its thinking about attracting foreign talent to the region.”
Read: How Amazon Benefits From Losing Cities' HQ2 Bids
You Speak Out on Nafta
Photo
A large number of Canada Letter readers replied to my request for your thoughts about Canada and the North American Free Trade Agreement. Kelly Virella has put together a selection of your considered and informative replies for the Reader Center.
Below are a couple of highlights.
From Tom Roach, Waterloo, Ontario:
“The real issue is not Nafta. Our politicians and pundits have been explaining for years that the old manufacturing jobs are gone for good: Canada needs to look in other directions if it is to grow.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
From Dale Coles, Harrison Hot Springs, British Columbia:
“I will always buy Canadian first whenever possible. However as the current U.S. administration becomes more belligerent toward Canada, I tend to look beyond the U.S. more often for my needs, even when the products are equal.”
Read: ‘It's Time for Canada to Grow Up': As Nafta Talks Close, Canadians Take Stock
Read: Signs of Progress in Nafta Talks but Countries Remain Deeply Divided
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
More Second Chances
The Canadian government won't reveal its plans for dealing with past criminal convictions related to marijuana until after legalized sales start, something currently scheduled for late June. And, for now, the police continue to make arrests related to marijuana purchases.
But several places in the United States have taken steps to wipe out previous convictions and others are openly debating the issue.
Read: San Francisco Will Clear Thousands of Marijuana Convictions
Mascots That Offend
In 2016, Douglas Cardinal, the prominent architect and Indigenous activist of Métis, Blackfoot and Algonquin background, unsuccessfully sought a court order blocking the Cleveland Indians from using their name and their Chief Wahoo logo at a playoff game in Toronto. This week, after years of protests, the team announced this week that it will abandon Chief Wahoo, an over the top cartoon stereotype that was widely seen as racist.
But that may not be the end of the cartoonish caricature. The University of Illinois dumped its mascot, Chief Illiniwek, in 2007. But Mitch Smith found that the mascot, and the debate surrounding it, have not gone away.
Read: Cleveland Indians Will Abandon Chief Wahoo Logo Next Year
Watch: Chief Wahoo Is Out. These Logos Remain.
Read: Good Riddance to Chief Wahoo
Read: An Indian ‘Chief' Mascot Was Dropped. A Decade Later, He's Still Lurking.
February Netflix
The beginning of another month means a fresh round of recommendations of Netflix Canada's offerings from Watching, the Times's guide to television and movies. “‘The Final Year,” a documentary about the Obama administration's last foreign policy moves, looks particularly compelling.
Read: Watching, The Best Movies and TV Shows New to Netflix Canada in February
Centre Ice
—Many National Hockey League stars are bittersweet about not participating at the upcoming Olympics.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
—But keeping the N.H.L. stars at home has opened the door to the possibility of exciting underdog stories from the Olympics.
Trans Canada
—The last wish of a member of Parliament before their death means that after decades of failed attempts, the English version of “O Canada” will soon be gender neutral.
—Thomson Reuters, which is controlled by Canada's wealthiest family, has reached a $20 billion deal to sell control of its business information and data service to a group that includes Blackstone, the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and a sovereign wealth fund set up by Singapore's government. The Thomson family will keep its hold on the venerable Reuters news service, however.
—The police now say that Bruce McArthur, who was originally charged with two murders, may have killed at least five people and used planters to hide human remains.
Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos has set their sights on winning the treble this season as they look to build on a successful 2016.
Arch-rivals Barcelona are the only Spanish club to have added Champions League glory to a domestic double, achieving the feat in 2008-09 and 2014-15.
Madrid ended last year on a high as they beat Kashima Antlers 4-2 after extra time to lift the Club World Cup, but Ramos is hungry for more.
"As always we aspire to win the three competitions; the league, Champions League and the Copa del Rey, along with other titles that may come our way," the centre-back said.
No hay mejor forma de recibir el 2017. ¡Os quiero!
The best way to start 2017. I love you!
Feliz año
Happy New Year@PilarRubio_
👨👩👦👶❤💜❤ pic.twitter.com/Xvbibl5Ooc — Sergio Ramos (@SergioRamos) January 1, 2017
"From that base we will try to play good football and give everything for the badge.
"Then everything will be easier when it comes to achieving success."
Madrid top LaLiga at the mid-season break, holding a three point lead over Barça despite playing one match fewer.
Zinedine Zidane's men meet Napoli in the last 16 of the Champions League, while Sevilla await in the same stage of the Copa del Rey.
Wondering how you can watch the Super Bowl LII on your Apple devices? This Sunday marks a game between the Eagles and the Patriots, and we'll show you how to watch it online.
Super Bowl LII
The game starts Sunday, February 4 at 6:30 PM EST. It will be broadcast on NBC, and the NBC Sports app is available on iOS and tvOS. There's also the official NFL app, and it lets you watch the Super Bowl for free. However, you can't use AirPlay, HDMI, or a Google Cast device with it.
According to AppleInsider you can use the NBC Sports app on iOS tvOS without needing to authenticate with account information. Other options include Sling TV, PlayStation Vue, Hulu, and DirecTV Now.
Apple's autonomous car project has morphed yet again. This time, it's being described as a massive exercise in artificial intelligence that concentrates on self-driving. It appears Apple may be leaving the hardware part — the steel, glass, and rubber car — to others.
The latest information comes from a reliable source, Apple CEO Tim Cook, in a video interview with Bloomberg TV. Cook called it “the mother of all AI projects … probably one of the most difficult AI projects to work on.”
Apple is still in the game
Apple's interest in self-driving has been evident since 2014 when it launched Project Titan (internal code name) and hired 1,000-plus engineers to work on autonomous-driving technology, and possibly the vehicle, too. Apple apparently planned to farm out the manufacturing work to an existing automaker. Creating a factory from scratch takes time, and often build quality in a new factory takes time to improve.
A trip to Europe to talk to BMW and Daimler (Mercedes-Benz) was said to be fruitless. But some accounts, there were concerns over data protection and security of the software. There were also reports egos played a part, and none of the three alpha dogs — Apple, BMW, Daimler — wanted to be the underling in the relationship.
In the Bloomberg interview, Cook was asked about Apple's plan to manufacture a car in collaboration or to sell the software to automakers, like Apple CarPlay, only orders of magnitude more complex. Cook said, “We'll see where it takes us. We're not really saying from a product point of view what we will do.”
Keying on artificial intelligence
“We're focusing on autonomous systems,” Cook said. “Clearly one purpose of autonomous systems is self-driving cars. There are others. We sort of see it as the mother of all AI projects. … It's probably one of the most difficult AI projects actually to work on.”
Analysts suggest Cook's careful phrasing means Apple's AI work might have applicability in other industries beyond cars. Cook noted, “We're not really saying from a product point of view what we will do, but we are being straightforward that it's a core technology that we view as very important.”
Does this mean Apple won't build a car?
Apple's focus on the software aspect suggests it's out of the car-building business, and instead would license its technologies to other automakers. But is it really? It's true that building a car involves orders of magnitude more parts than screwing together a PC. But assuming Apple isn't building a plant from scratch — Tesla's Fremont, California, factory is actually an old GM/Toyota facility — Apple doesn't have to cut deals with name automakers.
Apple could turn to Magna Steyr in Austria, which has decades of experience building cars for others and in some cases handling pre-production engineering. Some reports say the big engineering team included a dozen engineers on loan from Magna Steyr.
Steyr currently produces the Mercedes-Benz G-Class (for decades) and the BMW 5 Series (starting in 2017). In 2018 it will build the Jaguar Land-Rover i-Pace, an EV. In the past, it has built Minis, Aston Martins, Jeeps, and Volkswagens. For those who believe Apple could build its own car via a contract manufacturer, it's seen as no different from Hon Hai (Foxconn) building Apple's iPhones.
If Apple is to build a car, it would have to chose gas or electric. Here's one hint: Cook said they admire what Tesla has accomplished. “It's a marvelous experience not to stop at the filling station or the gas station,” Cook said.
Apple investors would have to be patient if Apple builds cars. It took Tesla a decade to become a roaring success and four more years to pass Ford and GM in market value. It is now the fourth most valuable automaker (by market cap), behind only Toyota, Daimler, and VW, and just ahead of BMW.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. — Nick Griffin scored 15 of their 20 points in the second half and Sam Idowu had 12 points to help Saint Peter's beat Niagara 58-52 on Friday night to snap a six-game skid.
Griffin hit four 3-pointers and made 4 of 4 free throws in the final 19 seconds.
Matt Scott converted a 3-point play, Kahlil Dukes made a jumper and Chris Barton hit a 3-pointer to pull Niagara (14-10, 7-4 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) within three points with five minutes to play. Two free throws by Elijah Gonzales gave the Peacocks (9-13, 3-8) a 64-58 lead four minutes later, but Matt Scott and Marvin Prochet each made two foul shots to trim the Purple Eagles' deficit to two points with 20 seconds left. Griffin's free throws sealed it for Saint Peter's.
Scott had 16 points and Dukes scored 10 for Niagara, but the duo combined to shoot just 8 of 29 (27.6 per cent) from the field. It was the lowest-scoring output of the season for the Purple Eagles, who came in averaging a conference-leading 83.6 points per game.
