The US Senate Foreign Relations Committee has approved the confirmation of Mike Pompeo to be the next secretary of state, although they are often criticized for their hawkish, anti-Muslim views. Sputnik discussed their nomination with Daniel Franklin, associate professor of political science at Georgia State University.
Sputnik: What do you think Pompeo as secretary of state will mean for the US?
Daniel Franklin: At least in the past they have been rather "hawkish," which means that they favor the use of force. But then again that's not so different from, say, Tillerson. The president had said on campaign trail that they were going to rely less on the military and military involvement in extending American foreign policy.
READ MORE: Pompeo's Nomination as US Secretary of State Approved by Senate Committee
But there is a difference between running for president and being a president. And so far, Trump's foreign policy, in regards to military, is pretty conventional. I don't really see a major change in Trump's use of force. The concern about Pompeo particularly from the left was that… of course they have a history — they have been a member of Congress and as a member of Congress they were a social conservative. And to the extent that the secretary of state is a policy-making position as opposed to an administrative position, which is what the director of the CIA is.
This is the difference between the fact that they were easily nominated and confirmed for the CIA as opposed to the State Department. The State Department is a policy position. And so their policy positions become much more relevant, not just in terms of use of force, but also in terms of things like human rights and immigration and respect for Muslim countries and that sort of thing becomes much more of an issue. That's why there was much more opposition.
READ MORE: Expert Explains What Pompeo's Visit to DPRK Really Means for Region
But as I said, for the most part, unless there is some kind of personal malfeasance during their examinations, they found that the nominee has done something in their personal life. In general, the Senate allows the president to work with people the president wants to work with. And so I always thought that they were going to be confirmed, unless they found something about him.
Sputnik: Trump is a very unique president. Many feel that they are very easily influenced by the people that surround him. From that point of view, what do you think Pompeo's influence will be on Trump?
Daniel Franklin: I think Pompeo will be a rather conventional conservative. And to the extent that they can influence Trump, they will influence Trump away from the statements that they made on the campaign trail about pulling the United States out of foreign affairs.
READ MORE: Trump Tweets: 'Mike Pompeo Met With Kim Jong-un in North Korea Last Week'
But on the other hand, as you said, President Trump is rather unconventional president. It is often the case that the president doesn't take the advice of their advisors, even the advisors that presumably know more about policy than they do. If Pompeo has a good relationship with the president, then he'll be fine. If they don't — it will be a disaster.
The views and opinions expressed are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
April 20 Cosco Shipping Development Co Ltd :
* Issuance of 2.34 billion shares to raise gross proceeds of up to rmb8.6 billion
* As part of revised proposed non-public issuance of a share, on 20 april, co entered into subscription agreement with cosco shipping
* Pursuant to revised issuance of a share, co will issue maximum of 2.34 billion a shares to not more than 10 specific target subscribers Source text: [bit.ly/2pW2914] Further company coverage:
By Ken Bell
kbell@abc6.com
It's Super Bowl weekend with fans gathering in downtown Minneapolis to get ready for the big game. ABC6 Sports Director Nick Coit found plenty of ticket holders with interesting stories to tell.
Tony Kanaan recovered to finish second in the Rainguard Water Sealers 600 at the Texas Motor Speedway on Saturday despite a race full of incident and a stop and hold penalty for avoidable contact and blocking.
The Chip Ganassi Racing driver fell two laps down due to penalty, handed to them when they were deemed to be the perpetrator of a nine car crash when they edged up the track and pushed James Hinchcliffe into Mikhail Aleshin that triggered a chain reaction behind them.
The Brazilian recovered the lost laps during the caution periods later in the race, but was unable to bridge the gap to the front, but when Scott Dixon and Takuma Sato crashed out with just a handful of laps remaining, they were able to finish on the podium in Texas for a third consecutive season.
“It was a tough night, just very intense from the first to the last lap,” said Kanaan. “I'm going to apologize to (James Hinchcliffe) for what happened – I just got up a little too high.
“We paid the price for my mistake. We got a penalty, paid the penalty, and we were able to finish second. I'm proud of the team for sticking with me and fighting our way back up front.
“It was just an intense race. A lot of things happened and you had to avoid a lot of things to finish. I'm not going to lie, I'm glad it's over.”
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo and Vice President Dr Mahamudu Bawumia yesterday joined the Chief Imam, Sheikh Dr Osman Nuhu Sharubutu, to mark their 99 years of age, at their residence at Fadama, a suburb of Accra.
The President named the park close to the Chief Imam's residence as “Dr Osman Nuhu Sharubutu's Park,” as a national honour, in recognition of their leadership qualities and contribution to national development.
The event, which was observed on a modest note, was attended by a cross-section of the Muslim community, including friends and well-wishers from other faiths.
The Muslim community in a prayer sought Allah's continuous blessing for the Chief Imam and for peace, stability and prosperity of Ghana.
Sheikh Sharubutu, an Islamic scholar par excellence, is the focal point of the unity of the Muslim community and inter-religious dialogue for tolerance and peaceful co-existence among faiths in the country.
The much revered Islamic scholar has gained national and international recognition for their role in peace-building and national development.
They were once invited by the US Ambassador to Ghana, to their residence to observe Iftar (breaking of fast) during Ramadan as well as observe prayers, as a form of religious tolerance.
Being a spiritual leader, they have mentored a number of Muslims on good leadership and Islamic development for the good of the country and the Islamic religion as well.
Sheikh Sharubutu is a recipient of a number of awards both locally and internationally, notably a national award from the state and a honourary Doctorate degree conferred on them by the University of Ghana, in recognition of their contribution to national development.
As their contribution to education in Ghana, the Chief Imam has set up the Sheikh Osman Nuhu Sharubutu Educational Fund (SUNSETFUND) to support needy ones to access education to unearth their talent for the benefit of society.
They have also established an educational complex for both western and Islamic education at Kasoa in the Central Region and also offers social protection to the poor and the needy, as individuals and organisations donate food items and other forms of support to feed the growing numbers of needy people who throng their residence during the Holy month of Ramadan.
By Salifu Abdul-Rahaman
Canada Day 2018 was supposed to be Cannabis Day, as we became the first industrialized country to officially legalize recreational marijuana.
Alas, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's bold vision has once again bumped up against reality, and it will be mid-October beforeprovinces pull together the systems required to take over distribution and regulation.
All Ottawa had to do was pass a law and slap an excise tax of a dollar a gram on recreational sales. B.C. has to create and regulate a production, warehouse and retail store system, enforce an age limit of 19, a public possession limit of 30 grams, a home growing limit of four plants, and step up its existing efforts to control drug-impaired driving.
B.C. has chosen to mirror its alcohol sales system for the new era. The Liquor Distribution Branch will have a wholesale monopoly and open stand-alone “BC Cannabis Stores” staffed by unionized liquor store employees with additional training. But as with liquor retailing, private stores will be allowed to compete, as long as they can get provincial and local approval.
The province is about to experience a reality check too. Walking around downtown Victoria, I see a pot store every couple of blocks in some places. Some have city licences, some don't. Most pretend to be medical dispensaries, selling buds with nameslike “Bubba God” and “Gorilla Glue” because they're, you know, medicine.
These dispensaries claim their pot comes from federally licensed medical producers, but that's often fiction too. B.C. has something that is now called a “craft cannabis” industry that the B.C. government is trying to keep from killing off, while somehow weeding out our world-famous organized crime producers.
Kootenay MLAs are worried that legalization is going to collapse a large part of their local economies, as big greenhouse factories take over. The recently formed B.C. Independent Cannabis Association is predicting there will be a huge shortage of legitimate product, starting the day legalization takes effect. And no one expects the drug gangs to go quietly.
There is still no approved roadside test for pot impairment, although police in B.C. have been given the same 90-day roadside suspension authority they have for drinking and driving. And there is another problem, with the state of the Liquor Distribution Branch.
The government quietly released a report in late June, detailing the struggles of craft beer, cider and spirits producers with the provincial distribution monopoly. The NDP government, like the B.C. Liberals, loves the craft industry like it loves B.C. wineries, but you wouldn't know it from the way they're being treated.
Craft cider producers describe the out-of-date system they deal with. Those who produce cider with only B.C. apples are lumped in with the LDB's “pre-mixed cocktails and coolers” in the “refreshments” category.
“It finds itself categorized with products such as Mike's Hard Lemonade, Growers and other ‘cooler'-style beverages that are generally made with high levels of sugar, artificial flavouring and the addition of spirits,” craft producers say in the report.
The “refreshments” category comes with a 73 per cent wholesale markup, which is the government's cut. For a bottle of commercial vodka, by the way, it's 124 per cent. This tells you why the LDB hasn't yet comprehended what “craft cider” actually is. It took years of political attention to bring the wholesale markup for craft beer down to 12-14 per cent.
What will the LDB's wholesale markup be for craft cannabis, or for that matter any cannabis? They're still working on that, but so far they haven't figured out they're killing craft cider.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca
@tomfletcherbc
tfletcher@blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
BCHL Today is a (near) daily feature providing news and notes from around the junior A world.
Welcome to the Feb. 3, 2018 edition of BCHL Today, a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
There were seven games on the BCHL schedule, and we start in Trail, where the Langley Rivermen were whomped 8-1 at the Cominco Arena.
Rarely do you see a score like this where at least one player didn't have a multi-goal game, but the Smoke Eaters spread the scoring around with eight different players putting pucks in the net. Braedon Fleming go the start in the Langley cage, but lasted just 12:44 before getting the hook, after Trail scored twice on nine shots.
Kale Howarth and Tyler Ghirardosi did the damage.
Nic Tallarico took over in the Rivermen net and Trail took just four seconds to beat them on a Jeremy Lucchini snipe. The snowball rolled straight downhill from there. Spencer McLean and Andre Ghantous scored second period goals. A Levi Glasman goal chased Tallarico out of the net 11:40 into period three, with Fleming coming back in.
Fleming surrendered two goals on seven shots in the final 8:20, with Trail's Connor Welsh (great name!) and Braedon Tuck pulling the trigger.
Connor Marshall scored the lone goal for Langley, a team that seems to be heading south at the wrong time of year. Since coming back from the Christmas break the Rivermen have four wins against eight losses and are in danger of starting the playoffs on the road.
————————————————————————————-
On the topic of disappointing teams, next up is the Chilliwack Chiefs, who fell 3-2 in Prince George Friday night.
The Spruce Kings generated just 11 shots on the Chilliwack net in this one, but were able to sneak three pucks past Chiefs stopper Mathieu Caron. Patrick Cozzi and Ben Brar had PG up 2-0 through 20 minutes. Liam Watson-Brawn had them up by three late in the second period before Corey Andonovski finally got Chilliwack on the board.
Harrison Blaisdell scored the second Chiefs goal with just 42 seconds left in the game.
I haven't talked about Chilliwack's on-ice performance much because, frankly, it's been depressing. I was hoping for so much more from a team that will host the Royal Bank Cup in just over three months. They will be playing for a national championship, and based on winning percentage they're only the 11th best team in their own league. Has there been an RBC Cup host that has turned in a weaker regular season?
Look at the Chiefs roster and it shouldn't be so. Or should it? I wonder, if head coach/general manager Jason Tatarnic could go back and construct this roster all over again, would they still entrust the net to a pair of 17 year olds? The tandem of Mathieu Caron and Daniel Chenard has been far from the only issue with this team, but they also haven't been part of any solution. Caron can be lights-out one night and shaky the next, and Chenard has been dogged by a lower body injury all season. When he's played, he's shown flashes of brilliance, but like Caron it's been an up-and-down adventure.
Having a 19 or 20 year old goalie to insulate one of the youngsters may have been a better path.
But like I said, Caron and Chenard aren't the only problem. The lineup has depth but no gamebreakers. The forward and defensive ranks are dotted with Major Junior talents (Adam Berg/Ryan Bowen/Marcus Teskink/Kyle Yewchuk/Bryan Allbee) who've underwhelmed.
Tatarnic acquired the AJHL's scoring leader, PJ Marrocco, earlier this season, and he's produced a good-but-not-great seven goals and 14 points in 17 games.
Some nights the team puts it all together and looks like the team they were supposed to be, and maybe they'll flip the switch and be that team in the playoffs. More likely, they'll be what they are now, a middling fourth-place team heading for an early exit.
————————————————————————————-
Brock Sawyer is now 0-2 as interim head coach of the Powell River Kings after their team fell 4-3 in overtime to the Alberni Valley Bulldogs Friday night.
The firing of long-time bench boss Kent Lewis seems to have thrown this team for a loop at the worst possible time, and you really have to question the timing of Lewis' dismissal by the Powell River board. The Kings loss to AV combined with Nanaimo's 8-5 win over Cowichan Valley has the Clippers even with Powell River in the Island division standings.
There's a real danger that the team could start the playoffs on the road.
Paul Selleck scored the OT winner for the Bulldogs in Friday's win, which wouldn't have gotten to extra time if Powell River's Andy Stevens hadn't come through with a game-tying goal with 1:56 left in the third period.
Darren Rizzolo, Keaton Mastrodonato and Bradley Ong also scored for the Dawgs with Carter Turnbull and Josh Coblenz replying for the Kings.
————————————————————————————-
We bounce over to that Nanaimo/Cowichan game because the score-sheet is so much fun.
Richmond native Joshua Bourne had four goals in 14 games coming into this one, where their hat-trick powered the Clips to victory. Nanaimo actually led 7-2 through two periods on Bourne's three and singles by Lucas Vanroboys, Jordan Wharrie, Brad Belisle and Preston Brodziak.
The Caps came roaring back, sort of, in the third period.
Cowichan managed eight shots on net in the final frame, and scored on three of them, with David Laroche netting a pair and Troy MacTavish adding a single.
But Nanaimo's David Melaragni countered with a power play goal at 18:22 to put any Capital comeback hopes to rest.
————————————————————————————-
Finally, to Salmon Arm where all the Silverbacks do these days is won.
Trevor Adams scored the game winner midway through period three as the BCHL's hottest team won its seventh straight game. Salmon Arm has 10 wins and a tie in 14 post-Christmas outings. They're on the verge of leap-frogging West Kelowna for fifth place in the Interior division standings, where they sit just two points back with seven games to play.
I don't know that Penticton or Vernon or Wenatchee is dreading the idea of facing the Silverbacks in the first round of the playoffs, but Salmon Arm looks like they'll be a very tough out.
Hudson Schandor had a pair of goals in Friday's win with Rhett Kingston and Brandon Whistle also scoring. R.J. Murphy had a pair of first period tallies for West K, with Parm Dhaliwal and Chase Stevenson also hitting the score-sheet.
The other two scores from Friday night saw Wenatchee take down the Coquitlam Express by a 7-3 count while the Penticton Vees squeaked out a 3-2 road win in Merritt.
BCHL Today takes Sundays off and returns Monday morning with a look at the rest of the weekend action.
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C. and Alberta since 2003.
Email eric.welsh@theprogress.com
Please log in to read the full story. Our website requires visitors to Log in to view the best local news from Snyder Daily News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
LEWISBURG – Mississinawa Valley lost 66-59 in a Cross County Conference boys basketball game at Tri-County North on Friday.
After trailing 18-12 at the end of the first quarter, Mississinawa Valley reduced its deficit to 30-29 in the second quarter. Tri-County North, however, went up 46-42 at the end of the third quarter on its way to a 7-point win.
Ethan Bowman led Mississinawa Valley with 22 points in Friday's loss. Also for the Blackhawks, Blake Scholl scored 10 points, DJ Howell scored 7, Alex Scholl scored 5, Josh Fett scored 4, Matt Slob scored 4, Cody Dirksen scored 3, Trent Collins scored 2, and Max Dirmeyer scored 2.
MV fell to 8-8-1 overall and 5-4 in the CCC with Friday's loss. The Blackhawks will play host to Fort Recovery on Saturday.
Mississinawa Valley's first-year student junior varsity basketball team lost 32-31 to Tri-County North.
Trey Godfrey led Mississinawa with 9 points, Levi Ward scored 7, Caiden Beanblossom scored 6, Wyatt Feltner scored 6, Zach Connor scored 2, and Payton Threewits scored 1.
(AP) – A leading neo-Nazi website was sporadically accessible Monday despite efforts by website registration companies Google and GoDaddy to oust it after it mocked the woman killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
Google said Monday that it was canceling the domain name registration of The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service. The registration had moved there after GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it had given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider, also because the site had violated the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville. The post, written by The Daily Stormer's publisher Andrew Anglin, called their “fat” and “childless” and said “most people are glad they are dead, as they are the definition of uselessness.”
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” Race said in an emailed statement.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been taken over by hackers associated with “Anonymous” and would be shut down, and it was briefly down Monday before becoming accessible again.
One of The Daily Stormer's contributors said the post about the site being taken over was just a prank.
“We're a convivial publication. We have a lot of fun with it,” said Andrew Auernheimer, a notorious hacker and internet troll who writes for the site.
Auernheimer, known online as “weev,” said GoDaddy hadn't contacted The Daily Stormer to explain its decision. They said the site has an alternate domain name that it can use if GoDaddy cancels its service.
“We'll get it taken care of,” Auernheimer said. “If we need a new domain, we'll get a new domain.”
GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers, according to Race. “Only the domain is with GoDaddy,” Race added.
However, canceling a domain name has the effect of making a website unreachable, regardless of where it's hosted.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called “Jewish Problem” and “Race War.”
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its “Troll Army” of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a “Zionist Millionaire.”
In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after their family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing them and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an “extortion racket” against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer.
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses.
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned them from using the service. And they complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
___
Mairs reported from Philadelphia and Kunzelman reported from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Ryan Nakashima in Menlo Park, California, contributed to this report.
DUBAI, March 28 Qatari real estate developer and operator Ezdan Holding has set initial price guidance for a five-year U.S. dollar-denominated sukuk issue in the 5.125 percent area, a document issued by one of the lead banks showed on Tuesday.
The wakala-structured, senior unsecured and Regulation S registered sukuk issue is expected to price on Wednesday.
HSBC and Mashreq bank are the global coordinators, joined by Dubai Islamic Bank, Emirates NBD, Natixis and Standard Chartered as bookrunners.
The issue is expected to obtain a Ba1 rating from Moody's and BBB- from Standard & Poor's, the document showed. (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
(Updates SNC-Lavalin Group; Adds Volkswagen, Panera Bread, Deutsche Bank)
April 3 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Monday:
** Germany's Deutsche Bank AG has bought a 12.5 percent stake in auction platform TrustBills, the bank said.
** Panera Bread Co is considering strategic options, including a possible sale, after receiving takeover interest, Bloomberg reported.
** Former Volkswagen Chairman Ferdinand Piech has agreed to sell a major part of their stake in the firm that controls Europe's biggest carmaker, paring their ties with Volkswagen after more than two decades of undisputed rule.
** British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser is reviewing strategic options for its small food business, it said, as it seeks to pay down debt following its planned $16.6 billion purchase of Mead Johnson.
** Top-10 Tesco shareholder Magellan Financial Group said it had some concerns about the firm's 3.7 billion pound ($4.63 billion) takeover of British wholesaler Booker , but was "strongly supportive" of the firm's management.
** French electrical components maker Schneider Electric has agreed to sell agricultural information company Telvent DTN to private Swiss group TBG AG in a deal worth around $900 million based on enterprise value, Schneider said.
** Nordic telecom operator Telia Co said a deal to sell its stake in Tajik operator Tcell had lapsed as the authorities in Tajikistan had not given their approval in time.
** British luxury brand Burberry has agreed to license its fragrances and cosmetics business to Coty for $162 million, plus a $63 million payment for inventory, in a deal that will help it develop new products and give it the benefit of the U.S. group's extensive distribution network.
** British private equity firm Apax Partners has agreed to buy Israel's Syneron Medical Ltd, a non-surgical aesthetic device company, for $11.00 per share in cash, or a total of $397 million, the companies said.
** Canadian engineering and construction company SNC-Lavalin Group Inc has offered to buy WS Atkins for about 2.1 billion pounds ($2.6 billion), the British engineering and consultancy firm said.
** German pump maker Busch is promising to hold off changes to rival Pfeiffer Vacuum's strategy and to safeguard jobs, as it seeks to drum up support for its latest takeover offer, according to a letter seen by Reuters.
** The chairperson of German industrial gases group Linde is prepared to use their casting vote to push through a $65 billion merger with U.S. rival Praxair in the face of worker opposition, they told the Financial Times.
** Southeast Asian ride-hailing firm Grab said it has agreed to buy Indonesian online payment startup Kudo, marking the first investment under a recently announced plan to commit $700 million to its largest market.
** Credit data company Experian Plc said it would sell a 75 percent stake in its email marketing business to private equity firm Vector Capital, to focus on its core businesses.
** Essar Global Ltd said it would sell Aegis Ltd to Singapore-based private equity firm Capital Square Partners, marking its exit from the BPO business and helping to retire its debt.
** German precious metals group Heraeus said it had taken full control of Swiss gold and silver processor Argor-Heraeus.
** Chinese conglomerate HNA Group and Apollo Global Management are looking to bid for German shipping finance provider HSH Nordbank, according to two people familiar with the matter.
** The merger of Qatari banks Masraf Al Rayan, Barwa Bank IPO-BABK.QA and International Bank of Qatar will take six months to complete, Masraf Al Rayan's chairperson Hussain Ali al-Abdulla said on Sunday. (Compiled by Aishwarya Venugopal and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and a candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Chatellerault, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
CHATELLERAULT, France French presidential hopeful Emmanuel Macron launched a scathing attack on Friday against politicians who have failed to endorse them against far-right rival Marine Le Pen, saying they were making France "morally weak" and pandering to extremists.
Having been caught on the hop by Le Pen since the start of the second round campaign this week, and with just over a week to go until the May 7 runoff vote, the independent centrist who is tearing up France's political rule book took their campaign to the countryside.
Their aim was to appeal to disgruntled farmers who have shied away from politics and turned to the far-right following years of crisis.
But with Le Pen winning the endorsement of defeated sovereignist Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, and with failed far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon refusing to back him, Macron began their rally in Chatelleraut, central France, on the defensive.
"I hear some saying they are preparing for the legislative elections ... they have not understood. The National Front is not a party like any other. Those people are not only making an error, but a deep and serious mistake," they told a rally of about 3,000 flag-waving supporters.
Macron was referring not only to Melenchon, who garnered one in five first-round votes, but also to France's two main traditional political groupings, conservatives on the centre-right, and the Socialist party on the left.
Both were blown away by a first round vote that catapulted Le Pen, backed by their anti-immigrant National Front party, and the 39 year-old independent with their En Marche! political movement, into the run-off for the presidency.
"That I hear some political leaders comparing us to the National Front, shows that the country has weakened morally. We cannot accept that," they said.
The pro-Europe, pro-business Macron, a minister in the outgoing Socialist government until last summer but who has never held elected office, is still expected to beat the anti-globalisation, anti-EU Le Pen on May 7.
But having see their poll lead narrow in recent days to show them winning with 60 percent of the vote or less, they attacked Melenchon's stance.
Melenchon's 'France Unbowed' movement has a similar anti-globalisation, pro-worker protection message to Le Pen's, but is sharply opposed to their position that immigration and radical Islam are at the root of France's problems.
"We share one thing, and that is to be attached to debating our disagreements within a republican framework, and that is our main difference with the National Front and they have forgotten that," they said.
"I will not leave France to this Right."
RURAL VOTE
Though only a fraction of the population still works in the farm sector, voters remain attached to the country's agrarian roots, making the agricultural heartlands a key battleground.
Key to victory for 39 year-old ex-investment banker Macron will be getting support from across the political spectrum after an election race that has alienated millions of voters.
In Chatelleraut, a town of about 35,000 with an industrial base but surrounded by fields, Macron came out top in the April 23 first round of voting, but only just. Nationally, the four top candidates were also close, fewer than five percentage points from each other.
After years of crisis in agriculture and perceived indifference from other candidates, Le Pen's anti-EU, anti-globalisation rhetoric strikes a chord with many farmers, once faithful voters for mainstream conservatives.
A Cevipof poll for Le Monde newspaper in February showed that 35 percent of voting farmers would back Le Pen. By contrast, Macron was on only 20 percent. The same poll also showed 51 percent of 300 farmers surveyed saying they would not vote.
With their detractors accusing them of being the candidate of wealthy France, Macron shot back.
"I hear that France is divided into the France of the cities that supports me, and the France of the heartlands that supports Mrs Le Pen. Thank you for being here to prove the opposite," they said to cheers.
(Reporting by John Irish; Editing by Andrew Callus)
Scientists at King's College London are encouraging parents and carers to ensure even more rigorous protection of children against the harmful effects of the sun. The comments follow a study which has suggested that children may experience much more significant DNA damage from small amounts of sun exposure than adults.
Published in the British Journal of Dermatology, the new study of 32 children under the age of 10 was undertaken at a 12-day summer camp in Poland. Children's skin types ranged from pale white skin that burns easily to olive skin that burns minimally. Researchers, led by Professor Antony Young at King's College London, measured levels of vitamin D alongside a urine biomarker of DNA damage that can lead to skin cancer, known as CPD, which is produced as a result of the skin repairing this damage.
The scientists, in an EU funded collaboration with Professor Joanna Narbutt of the Medical University of Lodz, Poland and Dr Peter Philipsen of the Bispebjerg University Hospital in Copenhagen, measured exposure to UV rays via an electronic device on the wrist that absorbed the rays. Children filled in diaries with information about sunbathing, sunscreen use and sunburn.
The study, found a 25% increase in average vitamin D concentrations in blood but measured nearly thirteen times more CPD on average at the end of the 12-day beach holiday in comparison to levels at the start.
The final levels of CPD in the children were similar to those measured in Danish adults as part of a different study conducted by the same researchers which looked at sun exposure on a shorter holiday in Tenerife, despite the fact that the weather was not particularly sunny during the course of the children's summer camp.
The NIHR-supported researchers think the results may suggest that either children are more sensitive to the damaging effects of the sun than even previously thought, or that they could be better at repairing the damage.
Sun exposure is the main source of vitamin D, which is absolutely essential for healthy bone development in children. However, sunburn in childhood is a recognised risk factor for skin cancer in older age so researchers suggest that the findings support the need for a better understanding of the impact of UV rays on children, even in less sunny conditions. This is of concern because the incidence of skin cancer is increasing in most Western countries.
'Many parents are already very careful about protecting their children from the harmful impact of the sun,' commented the study's senior author, Professor Antony Young from the St John's Institute of Dermatology at King's College London, 'but it can be a confusing message when trying to balance this with the need for children to be healthy, exercise, play outside and produce sufficient levels of vitamin D.'
'Our study suggests that only small amounts of exposure to the sun are needed to ensure vitamin D sufficiency so we should make sure that children always have ample sun protection when playing outside for long periods. This should be in the form of sunscreen, clothing and hats and the use of shade, even when you may not judge the weather to be that sunny.'
Nina Goad of the British Association of Dermatologists said: 'We would recommend that parents use a number of methods to prevent sun damage. The first line of defence for children should be protective clothing, such as hats, t-shirts, and sunglasses. In addition to this, it's important to make good use of shade between 11am and 3pm.
'You should bolster this protection with sunscreen. Look for one with a minimum SPF of 30 and good UVA protection. It should be applied 15 minutes before going outside and then again shortly after heading outdoors to cover any missed patches. Reapply it at least every two hours, and immediately after swimming, perspiring and towel drying or if it has rubbed off.
'If you are concerned about maintaining your family's vitamin D levels then the answer isn't to stop using sun protection, but consider options such as vitamin D supplements.'
Another recent study by Professor Young's team, led by Dr Damilola Fajuyigbe from King's College London, suggested that people with very fair skin should be routinely using sunscreen products with a protection factor (SPF) of around 60 or more in order to reduce skin cancer incidence to the very low levels usually seen in people with dark brown or black skin.
The scientists were examining the way in which melanin is distributed in different skin types and found that 70-80% of melanin in the skin was concentrated in the deepest layer (the basal layer that contains the crucial stem cells). For participants with black skin, who have higher overall concentrations of melanin, this equated to protection from DNA damage that was the equivalent of around SPF 60.
###
The province is renewing the agriculture committee that hasn't been active since 2001.
Courtenay-Comox MLA Ronna-Rae Leonard will head up the committee whose first priority will be to examine, inquire into and make recommendations concerning local meat production in B.C.
They say, in the coming weeks, they and the other members of the committee will be consulting with people across the province on local, small-scale meat production in B.C.
Other members of the Select Standing Committee include Nicholas Simons, MLA for Powell River-Sunshine Coast and Doug Routley, MLA for Nanaimo-North Cowichan.
GIS – THE WORKSHOP WILL EXPLORE HOW DATA CAN BE READILY USED BY THE PUBLIC.
The Government of Saint Lucia will, next week, launch Saint Lucia Open Data (data.govt.lc). The objective is to make government data more readily available and accessible.
Dozens of datasets have already been released by the various ministries across government and this data can support informed public debate on several issues.
As a precursor to the launch of Saint Lucia Open Data, a Data Literacy Boot Camp has been planned and will take place from June 5 – 7 at the National ICT Centre on Bourbon Street. It is designed around the question: Now that data has been ‘opened', how can it be readily used by the media, civil society, community groups, NGOs, entrepreneurs, researchers, professional association and universities?
Several data literacy experts and trainers from the World Bank Group, SlashRoots Foundation, Code for Africa, the International Center for Journalists, and the Department of Public Service will be facilitating the three-day hands-on exercises, placing special focus on core skills development for Data Literacy.
Sustained follow-up is vital, and therefore, participants will be invited to join a community group to bring together data consumers for monthly meet-ups to collaborate on digital experiments designed to rethink the way journalists gather, report, and disseminate the news.
The Data Literacy Boot Camp will provide a practical introduction to demystify ‘opened' data, and encourage participants to become more active agents of their own development.
The Open Data project, (data.govt.lc), will be launched on June 8.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
CTV Atlantic
RCMP is asking for the public's help in finding 56-year-old Patrick Oliver.
Officers say Oliver hasn't been seen since early Friday morning when they left a relative's home in Westphal for their home in Lower Sackville, N.S.
Oliver is described as a black male, five-foot-eight with short black and gray hair and a small goatee. They were last seen wearing blue jeans, a gray hoodie, black jacket and brown boots.
RCMP is asking anyone with information on their whereabouts to contact Halifax District RCMP or Crime Stoppers.
Researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago describe a new technique for precisely measuring the temperature and behavior of new two-dimensional materials that will allow engineers to design smaller and faster microprocessors. Their findings are reported in the journal Physical Review Letters.
Newly developed two-dimensional materials, such as graphene -- which consists of a single layer of carbon atoms -- have the potential to replace traditional microprocessing chips based on silicon, which have reached the limit of how small they can get. But engineers have been stymied by the inability to measure how temperature will affect these new materials, collectively known as transition metal dichalcogenides, or TMDs.
Using scanning transmission electron microscopy combined with spectroscopy, researchers at UIC were able to measure the temperature of several two-dimensional materials at the atomic level, paving the way for much smaller and faster microprocessors. They were also able to use their technique to measure how the two-dimensional materials would expand when heated.
"Microprocessing chips in computers and other electronics get very hot, and we need to be able to measure not only how hot they can get, but how much the material will expand when heated," said Robert Klie, professor of physics at UIC and corresponding author of the paper. "Knowing how a material will expand is important because if a material expands too much, connections with other materials, such as metal wires, can break and the chip is useless."
Traditional ways to measure temperature don't work on tiny flakes of two-dimensional materials that would be used in microprocessors because they are just too small. Optical temperature measurements, which use a reflected laser light to measure temperature, can't be used on TMD chips because they don't have enough surface area to accommodate the laser beam.
"We need to understand how heat builds up and how it is transmitted at the interface between two materials in order to build efficient microprocessors that work," said Klie.
Klie and their colleagues devised a way to take temperature measurements of TMDs at the atomic level using scanning transition electron microscopy, which uses a beam of electrons transmitted through a specimen to form an image.
"Using this technique, we can zero in on and measure the vibration of atoms and electrons, which is essentially the temperature of a single atom in a two-dimensional material," said Klie. Temperature is a measure of the average kinetic energy of the random motions of the particles, or atoms that make up a material. As a material gets hotter, the frequency of the atomic vibration gets higher. At absolute zero, the lowest theoretical temperature, all atomic motion stops.
Klie and their colleagues heated microscopic "flakes" of various TMDs inside the chamber of a scanning transmission electron microscope to different temperatures and then aimed the microscope's electron beam at the material. Using a technique called electron energy-loss spectroscopy, they were able to measure the scattering of electrons off the two-dimensional materials caused by the electron beam. The scattering patterns were entered into a computer model that translated them into measurements of the vibrations of the atoms in the material - in other words, the temperature of the material at the atomic level.
"With this new technique, we can measure the temperature of a material with a resolution that is nearly 10 times better than conventional methods," said Klie. "With this new approach, we can design better electronic devices that will be less prone to overheating and consume less power."
The technique can also be used to predict how many materials will expand when heated and contract when cooled, which will help engineers build chips that are less prone to breaking at points where one material touches another, such as when a two-dimensional material chip makes contact with a wire.
"No other method can measure this effect at the spatial resolution we report," said Klie. "This will allow engineers to design devices that can manage temperature changes between two different materials at the nano-scale level."
###
Xuan Hu, Poya Yasaei, Jacob Jokisaari, Serdar Ogut and Amin Salehi-Khojin of the University of Illinois at Chicago, are co-authors of the paper.
This research was supported by EFRI 2-DARE grant 1542864 from the National Science Foundation.
According to preliminary data, there were 14 people on board, including 8 police officers and two judges.
Other local news outlets insist that there were 12 people on board.
There was no immediate report on the number of casualties or possible reasons for the crash.
According to the Daily Sabah newspaper, search and rescue teams were dispatched to the area. Heavy fog in the area made the rescue operation difficult, Turkish media reports said.
The helicopter disappeared 10 minutes after taking off from the town of Pulumur, in Tunceli province, the regional governor's office said, assuming that the weather conditions could contribute to the helicopter's crash.
AnnMaria De Mars defends their daughter against critics and lists Rousey's other accomplishments after their loss to Amanda Nunes
MANILA, Philippines – Ronda Rousey suffered their second straight setback after losing to Amanda Nunes at UFC 207 this past weekend.
Rousey was knocked out in the first round, bringing up questions post-fight on whether or not the former champion should call it a career.
While the 29-year-old Rousey has been silent, their mother posted an essay on their blog about their daughter.
“Like every mother and daughter on the face of the earth, Ronda and I don't always see eye to eye. However, there is one situation where I am pretty certain,” said AnnMaria De Mars.
“All of those who have criticized Ronda for taking a loss so to heart, for not just ‘shrugging it off' don't understand that what made Ronda so successful is that they care DEEPLY about winning to an extent that I don't believe the average person can wrap his/her head around.”
De Mars also characterized Rousey as a “smart, kind, talented, generous, hard-working person.”
Rousey's mother also mentioned other accomplishments of their daughter away from the octagon.
“[S]omeone who has been [a] world level athlete in two sports, written the best seller, acted in movies and made millions of dollars, all before the age of 30 has a pretty darn good track record,” De Mars concludes. “On top of that, Ronda has been part of the USADA drug testing since they were 16 years old, never failed a drug test, always paid their taxes, never been arrested, never been to rehab, has zero divorces, zero DUIs and zero children. While you might think that is to be expected, look how many celebrities (heck, look how many of your neighbors) can say that.”
The blog post has 312 comments as of posting time. – Rappler.com
A Swedish municipality has set forth a historic proposal called "integration duty," under which immigrants must meet certain obligations - or risk forfeiting some of the privileges and benefits they currently enjoy.
Under the "integration duty" proposal railroaded by the Conservatives in the Vellinge municipal council in Skåne County, the new arrivals must make progress in basic Swedish designed for immigrants and complete a course in society orientation. Those failing to comply or show involvement may risk having their benefits canceled.
"We make it a requirement that all adults, including parents and retirees, participate in this scheme. If you don't, the benefits may be deducted," Carina Wutzler of the Vellinge municipal council told the Swedish national broadcaster SVT. "It is about linking rights with obligations. One shall follow all the existing plans and regulations and learn the Swedish language. There ought to be clear demands for everyone," Wutzler explained.
© AFP 2017/ JONATHAN NACKSTRAND More Seek Care for HIV 'Imported' to Sweden Amid Growing Immigration
In conclusion, courses in social orientation will be made mandatory for the new arrivals to complete. All students will be examined upon completion of the course to verify their knowledge. Those failing to pass the test, may repeat the course.
The decision, the first one of its kind in Sweden, will come into force in January 2018.
In Sweden, Vellinge rose to nationwide prominence earlier this year for its plans to become the first municipality to introduce a comprehensive ban on begging. The decision to ban begging was approved by the municipality, yet reversed by the county administrative board in Skåne.
​Anders Sannerstedt, an associate professor of political science at Lund University, has called the initiative deeply controversial. Sannerstedt stressed that the municipality of Vellingehas long resisted taking in any refugees at all. According to him, the initiative to incentivize the newcomers is a step in the same direction as the unsuccessful begging ban.
"All issues relating to integration and refugees are controversial, because so very many different opinions abound. Sweden is deeply polarized and cloven in these questions," Sannerstedt told SVT, venturing it would nevertheless receive a warm reception by the voters in Vellinge.
However, the Conservatives' "integration duty" proposal was blasted by the Vellinge Liberals, who called it a PR stunt intended to gain maximum attention. In an opinion piece published in the Expressen tabloid daily, Vellinge Liberals Henrik Thorsell and Anders Cnattingius also questioned the notion that a 60-hour course in community orientation would make a real difference in terms of integration and accused the Conservatives suggesting the new arrivals weren't already doing their utmost to integrate.
In late November, lecturer Tünde Puskás at Linköping University proposed a basic course in the Swedish language for all students following a study by the Lund University highlighting the prevalence of students with serious shortcomings in reading and writing skills. In an opinion piece published by the Dagens Nyheter daily, Puskás argued that about 20 percent of the future teachers experience difficulty in basic reading and writing skills, a perspective they called "worrying."
August 14, 2017
Hi, welcome to Everything You Need To Know in Ten Minutes or Less, (Week 315) brought to you by the good folks who can tell you everything THEY know in ten minutes or less. (I'm betting on less.)
Well, everyone's been talking about the solar eclipse coming up next Monday August 21st. My buddy Fishnick has been a little worry-warty about it.
“Does this mean the End Times are coming?” they asked.
“I don't even know what the ‘End Times' are,” I replied. “I've heard the word, but I don't put a heck of a lot of stock in 'em. We've had solar eclipses for thousands of years.”
“Thousands of years?” they gasped, a little dramatically. He's like that. “How did you know that?”
“Oh, I just read it somewhere. And everyone's talking about it.”
“Yeah, but how can you tell if it's true?” they inquired, that little vertical worry-wart crease showing up between their eyes.
“'Cause historians write stuff like that down,” I explained, trying to remain patient. “You've heard of Halley's Comet, haven't you?”
“Bill Haley, you mean? And the Comets? The rock around the clock guys?”
“No, Halley, like in valley,” I replied. “He was an English astronomer who figured out that the comet shows up about every 75 years. Turns out they did more research and traced it back to 239 BC. The last time it came by was in 1986, about 75 years, give or take a few months, after it showed up in 1910.”
“Huh,” said Fishnick, bemusedly. “They can predict these things. I'll be darned. But, wait a sec.” The worried look had reappeared.
“What now?”
“Well, when the moon gets between the earth and the sun, won't that like melt the moon?”
“Nah,” I reassured him. “They're far enough apart. Plus, the moon's still under warranty.” I looked to see if they believed that last line. They did.
“Oh, that's good,” they said, looking relieved. ‘So they can predict this stuff, right down to the year and even the time, huh?”
“Science is amazing,” I said. “I'd rather trust a scientist than a politician any day. Look at the Apollo program. They had a goal to put a man on the moon and did it in just seven or eight years.”
“Now, wait a minute,” they said, a slightly irritated look replacing the worry-wart lines. “Everybody knows that whole deal was done on a soundstage in Hollywood.”
Have yourself a happy Eclipse Monday. And don't worry; I don't think it's the End Times. We're still under warranty, too, far as I know.
Hmm, let's explore what you did with our trivia questions from last week….
Edith Ann was first in, assuring us that, yes, Dr. Schubert's office was indeed above Komarek's at 1413 Main during the ‘50s. Yeah, it was a ‘little' before my time. At least my time of arrival here in GB, which was August of '73.
Joe said that Komarek's had been in several locations over the years, so they may well have had offices above the store.
Kim weighed in on the Walter Cronkite question. Yes, they did host ‘You Are There,' in the ‘50s, which re-created historical events as if they were happening now. But no, this was an actual news and variety show, but ol' Walter did not report the news on it; they were the host, at least for a few months. So, what show are we talking about?
John knows their gasoline. Yes, Texaco was the first national brand, meaning it was sold in all 48 (at the time) states.
Congrats to Josie: they remembered Paul Kelly. Paul was the owner and manager of the early KHOK and also did a morning show involving a LOT of trivia questions.
In other business, Joe updated us on their project compiling histories of former GB band directors and other well-known local musicians over the years. Sounds like a true labor of love. I'll look forward to seeing it at the historical museum.
Ryan dropped in and said they enjoyed my ‘other' bird story. (See last week's post.) Thanks! Wished I could have enjoyed the actual event myself. One doesn't expect a living creature to come flying out of one's trash can.
And finally, Terry didn't have any answers for us this time, but they did have a question as to what local personality was on C-Span 2 Thursday August 10. I plead guilty. Sally and I were at Jerry Moran's ‘townhall' event and I (like many others) stood up with a question. Wow, I didn't realize that was live. I knew C-SPAN was there, but someone said it wouldn't be aired until the next day. MSNBC, CNN and even a Dutch network were there. The Senator said they figured they were getting so much attention because almost no other Republicans were doing ‘townhalls.'
Okay, that leaves three questions still available for your sterling deductive powers: the Walter Cronkite one, the first location of Action Sports question, and also the question about the White House chief of staff who resigned, partially because of some fancy wearing apparel. Hint: this one was pre-1960.
How about two more:
What late ‘70s-early ‘80s pop supergroup had the same name as a dog in a well-known 1939 movie?
What famous TV western star of the ‘50s and ‘60s had a major role in a movie about ‘ants gone wild?' Yeah, really.
‘Til next week, I remain your humble servant,
John
Jason Day will face a rematch of their 2016 final win over Louis Oosthuizen in the group stage of this week's World Golf Championships-Match Play event in Texas.
Two-time WGC-Match Play winner Day, the eighth seed, will also face Jason Dufner and James Hahn in the pool matches at Austin Country Club.
Day's fellow Australian Marc Leishman, also a top-16 seed, has drawn South Africa's Branden Grace as well as two-time Masters winner Bubba Watson and American Julian Suri.
Brisbane native Cameron Smith, the 46th seed, will be pitted against Japanese star Hideki Matsuyama, Patrick Cantlay and Matsuyama's countryman Yusaku Miyazato.
Currently ranked world No.50, Smith needs a strong finish to secure a Masters invitation to Augusta when the field is all but finalised on Monday.
An all-Australian final is also a possibility with Day and Leishman on opposites of the draw, while Smith could face Day in the semi-finals.
GROUPS FOR WGC-MATCH PLAY
* Dustin Johnson, Kevin Kisner, Adam Hadwin, Bernd Wiesberger
* Justin Thomas, Francesco Molinari, Patton Kizzire, Luke List
* Jon Rahm, Kiradech Aphibarnrat, Chez Reavie, Keegan Bradley
* Jordan Spieth, Patrick Reed, Haotong Li, Charl Schwartzel
* Hideki Matsuyama, Patrick Cantlay, Cameron Smith, Yusaku Miyazato
* Sergio Garcia, Xander Schauffele, Dylan Frittelli, Shubhankar Sharma
* Rory McIlroy, Brian Harman, Jhonattan Vegas, Peter Uihlein
* Jason Day, Louis Oosthuizen, Jason Dufner, James Hahn
* Tommy Fleetwood, Daniel Berger, Kevin Chappell, Ian Poulter
* Paul Casey, Matthew Fitzpatrick, Kyle Stanley, Russell Henley
* Marc Leishman, Branden Grace, Bubba Watson, Julian Suri
* Tyrrell Hatton, Charley Hoffman, Brendan Steele, Alexander Levy
* Alex Noren, Tony Finau, Thomas Pieters, Kevin Na
* Phil Mickelson, Rafa Cabrera-Bello, Satoshi Kodaira, Charles Howell III
* Pat Perez, Gary Woodland, Webb Simpson, Si Woo Kim
* Matt Kuchar, Ross Fisher, Yuta Ikeda, Zach Johnson
Post 334 Commander Hank Thieman welcomed all to the program by thanking them for coming to honor all veterans. Advancement of the colors was by Legion members and Boy Scouts. The National Anthem was sung by Scott and Stephanie Wright.
Invocation was by Post Chaplain Don Friese. They asked everyone to be mindful of those who fought for our freedom.
Post 334 Auxiliary led everyone in the Pledge of Allegiance
Girls State 2017 representative Maggie Cleveland, daughter of Pat and Hannah Cleveland, shared some of their experiences.
They said, “I enjoyed my time at Girls State. It's hard to put into words how great it was. There were 399 girls. I learned to talk to strangers and some of us are still close friends.”
They visited the capitol and got to speak to the girls state council.
It's an experience they won't forget soon.
They learned that if a flag touches the ground, you do not need to burn it.
They expect to attend Concordia College majoring in either biology or exercise science.
Boys State representative Walker Stuhr, son of Clyde and Connie Stuhr, stated, “I thoroughly enjoyed it and I now better understand the governmental process.
We ate, slept, everything like a big family. Most of us were just guys who loved sports from a variety of backgrounds.”
They did recall that one boy always seem to ask the convoluted questions. They still talk to him.
Walker's position at Boys State was on the daily newspaper. They said, “I can't stress enough how great the experience was.”
Keynote speaker was Alexa Nelson, daughter of Dennis and Donna Nelson of Albion, and graduate of Boone Central.  They are a member of the National Guard 128th Engineering Division.
They spoke on their appreciation of our countries' symbol and what the flag stands for.
They reflected on their cousin's funeral and felt they were destined to participate in the military.
They said, “I arrived at the processing station at 6 a.m. and we were herded like cattle. We were confused and intimidated and completed four hours of grueling tests. One navy officer noticed a boy leaning against the wall and admonished them saying, “My wall can stand all by its self. Out there, there's no wall to lean against.””
They were escorted to a room where all were asked, “Are you sure of your choice?” That's a little hard because you don't know what the next eight years will bring. They fought back the negative thoughts with positive ones. They recalled raising their right hand having earthquake shaking and their heart trying to escape its prison cell. It seemed as though they couldn't hear anything.
Finally, I am an American soldier with new responsibilities. There are greater things than high school.
Read the complete story in the May 30 Albion News & Petersburg Press, Print and E-Editions.
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College (NEO) held its 96th commencement exercise on May 11, in the Glen Wolfe Student Activity Center. Mrs. Lou Watkins, Chair of the OSU A&M Board of Regents, delivered the keynote address to the more than 200 students who received their diplomas at the event. Along with Mrs. Watkins, Mr. Jim Reese of the OSU A&M Board of Regents congratulated Dr. Hale and the graduates for making NEO A&M an outstanding institution that is uniquely suited to serve northeastern Oklahoma.
“Many of you may not know that NEO hosted visitors from the Higher Learning Commission as part of the re-accreditation process,” said Watkins during their address. “Following the massive cuts to higher education in Oklahoma, the reviewers told me that they expected to come to a campus that was utterly demoralized. After visiting NEO, they told me that they were so surprised to come to a campus that was completely dedicated to student success. Yes, they are stretched thin, but your staff and faculty have worked, and continue to work tirelessly to help bring students to this stage.
“When I read news about NEO like Brittany Abernathy winning the equestrian national championship or your business team winning a $5,000 Love's Cup prize, I'm blown away. I want you to remember that each of your individual successes has come together to leave an incredible legacy on this campus and I know you will continue to succeed wherever you go. Congratulations on your accomplishments and you should all be very proud.”
NEO also honored three outstanding graduates from the schools of Liberal Arts, Agriculture and Natural Science, and Human Environmental Science. Chair of the Math and Science Department Dr. Mark Grigsby honored Ms. Billie House, an Agriculture
Business major from Purdy, Mo., as the outstanding graduate from the School of Agriculture and Natural Sciences; Department Chair of Business and Technology Pat Creech honored Julie Casey, a Medical Lab Technician major from Sheldon, Mo., as the outstanding graduate from the School of Human Environmental Science; and Chair of the Liberal Arts Department Dr. Jeff Birdsong honored Zeke Daniels, and Pre-Music Education major from Grove, Okla., as the outstanding graduate for the School of Liberal Arts.
To see photos of the evening as they become available, check Facebook.com/gogoneo or for more information about becoming a Norseman at NEO, visit www.neo.edu/recruitment.
###
"Good relations have been established between Russia and Lebanon, and we are constantly striving to expand them across all areas," Arslan said, speaking to Sputnik.
"We are absolutely convinced that Russia must directly participate in the life of our region at all levels. This would return the kind of stability and balance that we have not seen in the Middle East for several years now," they added.
Ministry of defence of the Russian Federation 'Russia Plays Key Role' in Syrian Settlement, Defeating Terrorism
This, according to the minister, can be accomplished "through the development and strengthening of relations at the political level with the Russian Federation. Furthermore, it's necessary to develop cooperation in the economy, investment, culture and trade."
Asked about what role they see for Moscow, in the region and particularly in Syria, especially after the recent US cruise missile attack on a Syrian airbase, Arslan noted that while the situation has become more dangerous, it is also a demonstration of Western powers' annoyance over Moscow's new role.
"The situation today has indeed become more dangerous. We believe that the consequences of the aggression against Syria will affect the entire region, and the world. At the same time, we see the strength of Russian influence in the Syrian crisis on the countries of the Mediterranean Basin and the Middle East in general."
"It's no secret that is disconcerting to politicians in the former colonial powers, which continue to retain a great deal of influence in the region," Arslan stressed. "They had already lost part of their influence after the strengthening of extremist groups…"
"And whether one likes it or not, Russia is now playing a key role in the fight against extremist [Islamist] terrorism, which has become a threat to the whole world," the official added. "We believe that not cooperating with Russia is equivalent to cooperation with the terrorists, directly or indirectly."
© REUTERS/ Ali Hashisho At Least 6 Killed, 35 Injured in Clashes in Palestinian Refugee Camp in Lebanon
Ultimately, Arslan suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin's position on the situation in the Middle East lines up with that of their party.
"We have great respect for this president, who is a great figure not only in domestic Russian politics, but also in terms of world politics. Their view of the situation in the region coincides with ours. They seek the establishment of an international balance in order to protect the national interests and rights of the oppressed peoples. Namely President Putin can make a significant contribution to the stabilization of the region."
Lebanon has been seriously affected by the ongoing civil conflict in neighboring Syria. It is estimated that there are over 1.5 million Syrian refugees in the country, 70% of them women and children. This has put serious strains on the tiny country of 4.5 million, which already has the highest per capita population of refugees in the world.
March 30 Ekinops SA:
* Ekinops and OneAccess negotiate coopearation
* The transaction would take the form of an acquisition of OneAccess by Ekinops
* Enterprise value of OneAccess would be 60 million euros ($64.52 million), or approximately 1.0 time turnover
* The acquisition of OneAccess by Ekinops would be partly in cash and partly in shares of Ekinops Source text: bit.ly/2mRAsJU Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9299 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The question is not “why is there so much bad music out there?”
The question is, “why has so much of it made its way into your record collection?”
Because it has, and this isn't a jab at your personal taste in music. Nor is it an excuse to trot out, once again, that grisly old canard about “every time a bell rings, another fool buys one of the later albums by Wings.”
It's simply a fact of record collecting life, the inevitable pitfall for anybody whose collection has grown to exceed the realms of a painstakingly curated handful of discs.
The traps are everywhere, and if you have ever spoken a variation on any of the following phrases, you have already tumbled into one, at least.
I didn't want to leave the store/record fair empty-handed, so I picked these up from the dollar bin. I really liked the single. The album before/after was so good! I got it for the collection. It was a gift.
To which can be added the loudest lament of every collector worth their weight in discarded styli – “I don't even know where that thing came from.” Which begs just one response. “Well, why do you still have it?”
The guilty discs are manifold. Perhaps an age-old love of Mott the Hoople prompted you to take a chance on an album by the later, abbreviated Mott, without remembering that it was the Hoople that made them so interesting.
The early seventies Stone obsession that saw you sink good money into the Kracker LP. Then follow through with the first two Bill Wyman albums. In quad.
The love of Leo Sayer's “The Show Must Go On,” which convinced you that their entire Silverbird album would be stuffed with ukulele-driven laments sung by sad clowns.
The fascination with Focus that persuaded you there must be more to their catalog than the one with the yodelling. (Yes there is – about an album's worth of material that, sadly, is spread over half a dozen different releases.)
Perhaps you saw someone open for Foghat, and rushed to buy their album while still high on whatever it was that you were rolling in the gatefold of a Todd Rundgren album. Maybe you heard a song on the radio and mistook it for something else entirely. Or, and this is the big one, maybe you bought it on the strength of its cover, in which case, two words. “Picture frame.” Or “Savoy Brown.”
And so on. The fact is, you have them. They're yours. And they're sitting on the shelves with the remainder of your collection, just waiting for that special visitor who will flick through the discs, and breathlessly admire your impeccable taste in music.
Before pausing, blanching, and loudly proclaiming “what in the name of Randy Mantooth is this?”
The next thing you know, they're standing in the open window, waving some latter-day Black Oak Arkansas for the entire world to see, and you realize the neighbours will never speak to you again. All the years you've lived here, you've never once played the thing. Nobody knew your secret. Nobody even guessed it. Now the whole street is witnessing your shame. I mean, Goldmine loves Black Oak Arkansas as much as the next shirtless washboard maestro, but there are limits even there.
What do you say? What did you say, the last time that happened? Because you know it did, and you still bear the mental scars. Especially after they went and bought you the next album in the sequence for your birthday. Maybe not BOA. Again, there are limits. But at least once in your life, you've beamed as wide as you can and said “Gosh, thank you. I've been looking for David Lee Roth's second solo album for years.”
Inventive excuses work occasionally. In 2004, I wrote a book about Deep Purple. A decade and a half later, two albums by the tangential terror of Trapeze still sat on the shelf. Fair enough – it's called research material. But even the IRS only wants you to retain your records for seven years.
What, however, to do about it all?
Hey kids, let's cull the collection!
Start from the top. “A” if you're alphabetical, somewhere else if you're not. In fact, a really good way to prepare for the task would be to stack your albums in the order that you last played them. Those couple of hundred at the bottom could probably be dumped right away.
Wait, though. Let's not be too hasty. We need a system. Orderly piles, but random, too. Don't just line all the post-1976 Nazareth LPs up together, because they'll never get a fair hearing if you do. Ditto that mysteriously vast accumulation of early seventies British jazz rock; ditto the substandard Sub Pop stash.
Mix things up a little! The third album by the Rumour followed by This Is The Moody Blues. A mid-period Claudine Longet beside an awful X Mal Deutschland. File Mountain next to Rock of the Westies, and The River alongside Tales from Topographic Ocean. Musically, they're all over the place, but geographically the linkage is seamless.
Okay, this is important. Never prejudge. Never shrug and place something on the discard pile without first allowing it to speak in its own defense. Out of the sleeve, onto the deck, drop down the needle… at the beginning of the side, no cheating. It's not foolproof but a fair rule of thumb is, if you can make it through the whole of one side without exercising the choicer extremes of your vocabulary in response to the music, chances are you'll want to hear it again.
Status Quo's Rockin' All Over the World – goodbye. But It's successor, Whatever You Want – welcome back. The Incredible String Band's Liquid Acrobat – gone. Llwybr Llaethog's Welsh language hybrid of hip hop and dub – clearly, you'd forgotten how good it is.
Slowly, shelves that had been emptied of possible rejects are repopulated. Not to the point where the exercise becomes redundant – the discards pile is fatter by far. Those early Golden Earring albums were effortlessly reprieved; no need even to listen past a track or two.
But whatever possessed you to think you could ever need eleven Jethro Tull albums, when even the greatest hits collection sends you screaming for cover? (And please, don't feel you need to follow this to the letter. Maybe you like Jethro Tull, and own twice that many albums. Just replace them with something else. Post-Cale Velvet Underground or the late seventies prolusions of Gong. Oh, and David Bowie. Do you really require their eighties albums?)
Another key point. Excuse #4, above. “I got it for the collection.” Let's say 10cc. Three of whose albums (the first three) should be given at least a few plays every year, with two more (the next pair) deserving to squeak a couple.
Thereafter, however… there's a reason why your copy of 10 Out of Ten is still in its shrinkwrap. Why whatever the one before it is called is, to the best of your knowledge, actually the album's title. Why you could not whistle a single song from the Animalympics soundtrack, even if whistling was not such a coarse thing to do.
But there's also a reason why the 10cc collection more or less needs a 12×12 cube to itself. Because it is a collection and collections should be allowed to rest intact, no matter how disinterested in them you might currently be. Maybe you cannot imagine ever again being so excited by Ten Years After that you have multiple pressings of every album that Leo Lyons produced rubbing up alongside the classics. But one day you might, and that's the day you'll regret allowing your Japanese copy of UFO's Phenomenon to slip out of your grasp.
It's a first world problem indeed, but there can be few collectors who do not heave a sigh at the thought of records they once owned and sold, only to have to purchase them again because… well, there are lots of reasons for that, and they can't all be blamed on the lies that we were fed when CDs were first launched.
So be careful, too, when you realize that this is the fifth copy of Fleetwood Mac's Then Play On that you've pulled off the shelf. There's the one with “Oh Well,” and the one without. There's the fourteen song German pressing, there's the one with the all-black sleeve. There's the recent Rhino repressing with the bonus 45.
But will you remember all these details as you're contemplating the spines and thinking, “oh, I'll just keep the best condition copy”? Duplicates don't always exist for a purpose, but sometimes they do. And that purpose is, they're not necessarily duplicates.
Why do you have two copies of Steeleye Span's Now We Are Six? Because one's the UK pressing, with the full length “Thomas the Rhymer,” and the other's the US, where the lad was cut in half. (True, it was the UK single version, but that's not really the point, is it?) Yes, you do need both stereo and quad versions of David Essex's debut, for the same reason you require mono and stereo pressings of After Bathing at Baxter's. So what if it's merely a mono fold down? It's terrific, regardless.
Okay, so how are you doing? You pulled out almost 200 discs, and you put back twenty-three. That's not bad going. More room on the shelves for fresh purchases. Just don't, please don't, go out and buy that second Pretenders album again. It really doesn't get any better.
And think of the future! No more grappling for excuses when a visitor pulls the Cado Belle album off the shelf, and you stammer “I'll have you know, Maggie Riley has one of the greatest rock voices ever” – to which they will respond, “yes, but how do they do with watered down funk?”
No more having to squeeeeeeeeeeeze your Record Store Day stash onto the shelves because there's no room left on the record rack and you'd rather spend money on music than shelving.
And no more feeling guilty when you walk out of a record store without having purchased at least a few bucks worth of scratchies. You'll make up for it next time, more than likely, and besides, you already have too much to listen to as it is.
Because this was just phase one. Phase two is where you repeat the exercise and play every other album you own. Same rules, same quality control.
Or maybe we'll let that slide for now…. there's this guy online selling a job lot of the first dozen LPs on Capricorn, Japanese pressings, all still sealed. They have obis. A few of them are rubbish, and you'll have a few dupes, but what a collection that will be. And a bunch of early Brenda Lee albums, just a buck apiece. Never heard them, but you just don't see them around any more.
And hey, look at this Roger Dean sleeve! That would look fantastic alongside the Badger collection.
Dammit. It's hopeless, isn't it?
The following deaths have occurred in the Leitrim area:
Nan Brennan, Brennan's Criterion Bar, Main St, Bundoran, Co. Donegal
Nan Brennan, Brennan's Criterion Bar, Main St. Bundoran, Co. Donegal on Sunday, August 13th, 2017, peacefully at their residence surrounded by their loving family, friends and neighbours. Deeply and sincerely regretted by their loving and heartbroken sisters Patricia and Cait, their brother-in-law Seamus, their niece Brid and nephew Seamus, their wonderful and loyal neighbours, friends, customers and all who had the pleasure of knowing them
Reposing at their residence at Main St, Bundoran on Monday, August 14th from 11am until 5pm. House private from 5pm please. Removal from there on Monday evening at 6.30pm to arrive at the Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea, Bundoran, for Reception prayers at 7pm. Mass of the Resurrection on Tuesday morning, August 15th at 12 noon followed by burial in Finner Cemetery, Bundoran. Family Flowers only please, donations if so desired to the Renovation Fund at Our Lady Star of the Sea Church, Bundoran care of Conlan - Breslin Funerals, Bundoran.
Nan, along with their sister Patricia, ran Brennan's Criterion Bar in Bundoran for a lifetime, this famous pub opened in the 1900s by the Brennan family and in all those years remained more or less the same, run by the two famous sisters, it became a landmark place in Bundoran, where customers both local and visiting were always sure of a warm and friendly welcome. Nan, along with their sister Patricia, are regarded as highly esteemed members of the community, and as their family prepare to say goodbye to their beloved sister, we as a community prepare to say goodbye to one of Bundoran's much loved citizens. A lady that will be sadly missed, but fondly remembered by all.
"Ar dheis De go raibh a hanam"
John Patrick Turbett, Dublin / Mohill, Co. Leitrim
John Patrick Turbett, Park Hill Road and formerly of Mohill, Co. Leitrim, on Sunday, 13th August, 2017, peacefully in the care of Our Lady's Hospice, Harolds Cross. Predeceased by their son John, brother Sonny and sister Josephine; very sadly missed by their loving daughters Leah and Caroline, grandchildren, brother Brendan, sisters Anna, Olive and Christina, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends. Service being held in Mount Jerome Crematoriun on Tuesday at 4pm. Family flowers only please, donations, if desired, to Our Lady's Hospice, Harolds Cross.
Prionnsias (Frank) McHugh, Dublin / Glenfarne, Co. Leitrim
Prionnsias (Frank) McHugh, Ballinteer, Dublin and formerly of Ardmoneen, Glenfarne, Co Leitrim on Saturday, 12th August, 2017, peacefully at the Beacon Hospital, Dublin. Much loved brother of Moira, Pauric, Sean, Gerri, Benedict, Celine, Jacinta and Vincent. Hugely missed by their nieces, nephews, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, grandniece, large circle of friends and work colleagues in the HSE.
Removal to St Mary's Church, Glenfarne, Co Leitrim on Tuesday, 15th August for Requiem Mass at 2.00 pm, followed by cremation in Lakelands Crematorium, Cavan. No flowers, donations if desired to St Mary's Hospice, Harolds Cross, Dublin. Crematorium strictly private to family members only.
May they rest in peace.
FILE – This Sept. 11, 2016 file photo shows Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis working against a San Diego Padres batter during the first inning of a baseball game in San Diego. Bettis will complete their comeback from chemotherapy for testicular cancer by starting the game in Denver against Atlanta on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Ryan Kang, file)
WELCOME BACK
Rockies right-hander Chad Bettis will complete their comeback from chemotherapy for testicular cancer when they start at Coors Field against Atlanta.
The 28-year-old Bettis finished their last round of treatment in May, two months after doctors discovered their testicular cancer had spread. They had surgery in November to remove the cancer, but it returned and they were forced to leave the team in March for chemotherapy.
The game will be Bettis' first in the majors since Sept. 30. They went 14-8 for Colorado last year.
YOUR CALL
Cubs manager Joe Maddon starts their annual “American Legion Week,” a stretch of home games during which they allow their players to show up to Wrigley Field at their own discretion. It's designed to give players rest before the key stretch run in September, and take them back to the time in their lives when they were in American Legion ball, where they might get to the field an hour or so before first pitch, suit up and play.
Part of the tradition, which Maddon started when they managed the Tampa Bay Rays, includes recognition of a local American Legion post and ordering beer sausages to eat after games. It'll begin when the NL Central leaders host Cincinnati.
“The whole point is, you don't have to be there all day to be able to play a major league baseball game successfully,” Maddon said. “I want them to show up later, I want them to come out and play just like they did when they were kids. Don't overthink it, don't overwork it, don't over-video it, don't over-data it. Just go play some baseball.”
ON THE MEND
Washington ace Stephen Strasburg begins their rehabilitation assignment when they start for Class A Potomac in the Carolina League. He's been on the disabled list since late July with right elbow nerve impingement. The All-Star is 10-3 in 20 starts for the NL East leaders.
FAMILIAR FOES
In another potential playoff preview, the Red Sox host the Indians to make up an Aug. 2 rainout. Cleveland swept Boston 3-0 during last year's postseason, and the teams are currently on track to meet again in an AL Division Series this October. They've already squared off in the playoffs five times since 1999 — and the ties between these organizations run deep. Indians skipper Terry Francona guided Boston to two World Series titles (2004, 2007). Whenever they face the Red Sox these days, they manage against one of their closest friends, John Farrell.
Boston has won the first two of seven regular-season matchups between the clubs, including one of the wildest and most exciting games of the year in their most recent meeting Aug. 1. This time, Trevor Bauer (10-8, 4.79 ERA) pitches for the Indians against Doug Fister (2-5, 5.03), who took a shutout into the eighth inning and beat Cleveland 6-2 at Fenway Park for their first win of the season July 31.
NEW YORK STATE OF MIND
This year's edition of the Subway Series begins with the first of two games at Yankee Stadium, followed by a pair at Citi Field. And even though the depleted Mets (53-62) have been selling off veterans since falling out of the pennant race, there's this bit of drama as a backdrop: Executives on both sides have been sniping at each other in the New York media about recent trade talks between the teams. “I think there will be a ton of excitement in both stadiums,” Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. “Obviously, they're really important games for us. And I'm sure the Mets consider them really important for them, too, as it's part of the rivalry.”
Girardi said their staff has talked about ex-Mets farmhand Luis Cessa (0-3) “probably” being recalled from the minors to start the opener in place of injured pitcher Masahiro Tanaka. Rafael Montero (1-8) gets the ball for the Mets.
O-DUBEL PLAY
Odubel Herrera has gotten as much notice for their bat flipping and baserunning blunders as they have for the 16-game hit streak they take when Philadelphia plays at San Diego.
Herrera was involved in a bizarre play in Sunday's home loss to the Mets when they mistakenly ran into a double play. They were booed the rest of their at-bats and fans yelled at them that they should go back to the minors.
April 24 (UPI) -- Mohamed Salah scored two first half goals, leading Liverpool to a 5-2 win against AS Roma Tuesday at Anfield in Liverpool, England.
The win gave the Reds the advantage in the first leg of the Champions League semifinal matchup.
Salah -- who previously played for AS Roma -- started the scoring in the 36th minute. The Egyptian forward took a pass from Roberto Firmino inside the box, following a Roma turnover. They took a touch from about 18 yards out, pushing the ball to their left. Salah then laced a beautiful shot into the upper left corner of the net, beating Roma's Alisson Becker.
The PFA Player of the Year returned for their second score 10 minutes later. Salah sent Firmino a pass in transition on that play. Firmino crossed midfield, danced around defenders and fired a through ball back to their teammate. Salah took one tap, before chipping Becker at the top of the box for a 2-0 lead.
Pick that one out!
Absolutely nothing Alisson can do on this inch-perfect shot from Mohamed Salah. 😱😱 pic.twitter.com/zn2OjWMhzb — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
Salah then turned their focus toward being the provider in the second half. They received a long pass up the right flank in the 55th minute. They dribbled toward the near post, before passing off to Sadio Mane, who buried another goal past Becker.
It's getting silly, folks.
Mo Salah AGAIN. Their 43rd goal in all competitions this season. 🔥🔥 pic.twitter.com/ng4fkRt5Ol — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
Their second assist of the second half was even prettier. Salah also dribbled into the box toward the near post on that possession. They juked a defender, before sending a pass between the defense and Becker. The feed found Firmino at the far post for Liverpool's fourth score of the game.
Firmino added their second goal in the 69th minute, beating Becker on a header from a James Milner corner kick.
Scored two. Set up two.
The Mo Salah Show. Best episode yet. pic.twitter.com/xs0D48T5us — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti added scores for Roma in the 81st and 85th minute, respectively.
Liverpool put on a clinic, but Roma aren't dead just yet.
Check out the 90' in 90"👇 pic.twitter.com/8MZw6wM2Bf — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
Roma and Liverpool meet again for leg two of the semifinal matchup at 2:45 p.m. Wednesday, May 5 at Stadio Olimpico in Rome, Italy.
AMHERST, Mass. - A large research team led by senior author Guodong Zhang at the University of Massachusetts Amherst reports that the antimicrobial ingredient triclosan, found in hand soaps and toothpastes among other products, could have adverse effects on colonic inflammation and colon cancer by altering gut microbiota, the microbes found in our intestines.
The study reported in Science Translational Medicine suggests that short-time treatment with low-dose triclosan caused low-grade colonic inflammation, and exaggerated disease development of colitis and colitis-associated colon cancer in mice, Zhang says. "These results, for the first time, suggest that triclosan could have adverse effects on gut health," they note.
Co-first authors Haixia Yang and Weicang Wang, both from the Zhang laboratory in the food science department at UMass Amherst, point out that triclosan is among the most widely used antimicrobial ingredients and is found in more than 2,000 consumer products. They note that a National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey showed that triclosan was detected in about 75 percent of the urine samples of individuals tested in the United States and it is among the top ten pollutants found in U.S. rivers.
"Because this compound is so widely used, our study suggests that there is an urgent need to further evaluate the impact of triclosan exposure on gut health in preparation for the potential establishment of further regulatory policies," says Yang, a postdoctoral fellow in Zhang laboratory.
In this study, the 21-member team that included 12 UMass Amherst researchers, investigated the effects of triclosan on colonic inflammation and colon cancer using several mouse models. In all mouse models tested, triclosan promoted colonic inflammation and colon tumorigenesis, Zhang reports.
Their co-author, food scientist Hang Xiao, adds, "In particular, we used a genetically engineered mouse model which develops spontaneous inflammatory bowel disease or IBD. Also, treatment with triclosan significantly increased disease development of IBD in the mice, suggesting that IBD patients may need to reduce exposure to this compound."
In a series of experiments designed to explore mechanisms, the research team found that gut microbiota is critical for the observed adverse effects of triclosan. Feeding triclosan to mice reduced the diversity and changed the composition of the gut microbiome, a result similar to what was observed in a human study conducted by others, Zhang says.
Also, triclosan had no effect in a germ-free mouse model where there is no gut microbiome present, nor in a genetically engineered mouse model where there is no Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) - an important mediator for host-microbiota communications. "This is strong evidence that gut microbiota is required for the biological effects of triclosan" Zhang points out.
In an editorial note accompanying the article, the journal says, "Triclosan exposure is practically unavoidable in the United States, but little is known how ingestion may affect our health." This study observed that triclosan altered mouse gut microbiota, increased inflammation, increased the severity of colitis symptoms and spurred colitis-associated colon cancer cell growth. Though limited to mouse models, "this work suggests that the effects of triclosan on human health should be examined more closely," editors noted.
###
Besides food science researchers Yang, Wang and Zhang, other UMass Amherst researchers were from the departments of veterinary and animal sciences, nutrition and mathematics and statistics. The team also included researchers at Xi'an Jiaotong University, China; the University of Wisconsin-Madison; the University of California, Davis; Boston Children's Hospital and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard Medical School; Northwest University, Xi'an, China, and Northwestern University, Chicago.
This work was supported by a new faculty start-up grant from UMass Amherst, the USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture, the NIH's National Cancer Institute and a National Natural Science Foundation of China grant.
UMA Thurman has broken their silence on alleged sexual predator Harvey Weinstein, revealing the disgraced producer attacked them in a hotel room.
Speaking to the New York Times , the Kill Bill and Pulp Fiction star revealed how a meeting with Weinstein in a London hotel room took a disturbing turn.
They said they “tried to expose himself” and they managed to “wriggle away”, saying they “did all kinds of unpleasant things”.
Thurman's accusations came as UK police revealed they are investigating claims against Weinstein relating to offences in England, Ireland and “abroad” in 1991, 2010 and 2011, according to the BBC .
Camera Icon Uma Thurman. Picture: Getty Images
UK police are investigating offences that allegedly took place in Ireland in 1991, Westminster in 2011 and “abroad” in 2010, BBC reports.
Meantime, Thurman has recounted the harrowing details of their alleged assault at the hands of Weinstein.
“He pushed me down. They tried to shove themselves on me,” Thurman told the New York Times .
“He tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me.
“You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not their track.”
That wasn't the first time Weinstein, whose former company Miramax produced Pulp Fiction and the Kill Bill movies, had sexually harassed them
Camera Icon Thurman worked with Weinstein on several films, including Pulp Fiction. Picture: AP
Not long before the London incident, the pair met in their Paris hotel room to talk about a script, where they changed into a bathrobe before leading them to a steam room.
“I didn't feel threatened,” they recalled. “I thought they were being super idiosyncratic, like this was your kooky, eccentric uncle.
“Then I followed them through a door and it was a steam room.
“And I was standing there in my full black leather outfit — boots, pants, jacket. And it was so hot and I said, ‘This is ridiculous, what are you doing?' And they were getting very flustered and mad and they jumped up and ran out.”
Camera Icon Uma Thurman in a scene from 2004 film Kill Bill: VOL. 2. Picture: Supplied, AP
Thurman says after the London incident Weinstein sent them a large bunch of flowers with a note that read “You have great instincts”.
Soon after, they say, their assistants began calling wanting to line up more meetings to talk about new projects.
They told the New York Times that they returned to the hotel to confront Weinstein.
They say they told them “If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you.”
In response they threatened to derail their career, they said.
In a statement to the New York Times through a spokesperson Weinstein admitted “making a pass” at the actor.
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making a pass at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading their signals in Paris,” the statement said. “He immediately apologised.”
Shortly after the New York Times article was published, Weinstein responded by having their publicist release a series of photos that “demonstrate the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years.”
Camera Icon A spokesperson for Weinstein said they admitted to nothing more than “making a pass” at the actor after “misreading their signals.” Picture: Getty Images
In the statement, the spokesperson for Weinstein insisted there “was no physical contact during Mr. Weinstein's awkward pass and Mr. Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to ‘why' Ms. Thurman, someone they consider a colleague and a friend, waited 25 years to make these allegations public, noting that they and Ms. Thurman have shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together.”
It also said “the pictures of their history tell a completely different story”.
Thurman said they and Weinstein had a close working relationship leading up to the steam room incident, which they believe contributed to their ability to prey on them
“I knew them pretty well before they attacked me,” they said. “He used to spend hours talking to me about material and complimenting my mind and validating me.
Camera Icon John Travolta and Uma Thurman in a scene from film Pulp Fiction. Picture: News Corp Australia, Supplied
“It possibly made me overlook warning signs. This was my champion. I was never any kind of studio darling. They had a chokehold on the type of films and directors that were right for me.”
In the interview, the 47-year-old also revealed they were raped by an actor 20 years their senior not long after they moved to New York City as a 16-year-old to pursue acting.
They said the assault happened when they went back to the man's apartment after meeting at a nightclub under the premise of a nightcap.
“I was ultimately compliant,” they remembered.
“I tried to say no, I cried, I did everything I could do. They told me the door was locked but I never ran over and tried the knob. When I got home, I remember I stood in front of the mirror and I looked at my hands and I was so mad at them for not being bloody or bruised. “Something like that tunes the dial one way or another, right? You become more compliant or less compliant, and I think I became less compliant.”
Camera Icon Last year the actor said they had plenty to say about the #MeToo movement but wanted to wait until they were ready and less angry. Picture: Supplied
In October last year the star was asked for their thoughts on the Weinstein scandal by Access Hollywood at a red carpet event .
“I don't have a tidy sound bite for you,” they said. “Because, I have learned I am not a child, and I have learned that when I've spoken in anger I usually regret the way I express myself.”
So I've been waiting to feel less angry and when I am ready, I will say what I have to say.”
Then in November they elaborated on those comments in an Instagram post:
“I said I was angry recently, and I have a few reasons, #metoo, in case you couldn't tell by the look on my face.
“I feel it's important to take your time, be fair, be exact, so ... Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators — I'm glad it's going slowly — you don't deserve a bullet) -stay tuned.”
Weinstein has been accused of sexual assault by more than 50 women.
A Rialto woman was rescued Tuesday by a sheriff's helicopter after they fell 30 feet while hiking at Big Falls in Forest Falls, officials said.
The 49-year-old woman “was attempting to climb up a rock face at Big Falls in the Forest Falls area when they slipped and fell approximately 30 feet,” according to a San Bernardino County sheriff's news release. They “came to rest at the base of the waterfall and sustained serious injuries as a result of the fall.”
The San Bernardino County Fire Department responded to 911 calls reporting the incident, but requested assistance from the sheriff's rescue helicopter due to the rugged terrain, according to the release.
Air Rescue 306, made up of sheriff's and fire department personnel, was able to lower a team member to the base of the waterfall and hoist rescue the hiker, the release said.
The woman was then transported to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton, according to the release.
POLICE are investigating another alleged sexual assault of a child in Tennant Creek.
“Due to the ages of the children involved, the matter has since been referred to Territory Families,” a police spokesperson said in a statement.
The NT News understands both the alleged victim and the other child involved are underage and unable to be charged.
TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) - Travis Air Force Base northeast of San Francisco is no longer on lockdown.
Earlier on Wednesday evening, the base was put under lockdown due to what the base called a security incident.
The base issued a security alert shortly after 3:30 p.m. Wednesday asking people to shelter in place and to lock doors and windows.
Per Public Affirs specialist Marie Lowe, ID of suspect is unknown. Situation is ongoing. There have been no reported injuries.#TravisAFB — Dianne Gallagher (@DianneG) June 14, 2017
KCRA in Sacramento and Dianne Gallagher with CNN said that a public affairs specialist called it an active shooter situation, and the suspect was unknown.
Loudspeaker outside Travis Air Force Base: Real World...LockDown. pic.twitter.com/WALDZNTFPs — stevelarge (@largesteven) June 14, 2017
Marie Lowe, a civilian who answered the phone at the base's public affairs office, said details were sketchy and officials were investigating because they didn't know exactly what is going on.
I'm at Travis Air Force Base right now. Here are some of the clips I have. My snapchat has updates : ZachPrusak pic.twitter.com/t3pbLKJPr5 — Zach Prusak (@ZachPrusak) June 14, 2017
At the time the news broke, base officials asked on Facebook for the public to stay away to ensure emergency responders could do their work.
The lockdown came on the same day that the base had been conducting security lockdown exercises, but officials said the incident was not part of the drill.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAMAR TOWNSHIP, Pa. — A man and woman believed to be high on bath salts started firing bullets into the sky to chase away “alien lasers,” which were actually fireflies, according to Pennsylvania State Police.
Troopers say just after midnight on Saturday, Jesse Shields fired a .357 Magnum handgun at the “lasers,” according to the Centre Daily Ties.
Shields and Katherine McCloskey, fearing they were being chased, ran to a nearby home, according to WNEP. Someone inside the Clinton County house called 911.
The duo then ran to a neighboring home where the homeowner took away their gun, police said. Shields allegedly asked that homeowner if they could take a shower to “get the goo off them that was burning their skin.”
Troopers showed up and arrested Shields and McCloskey, both of Mill Hall. They each face charges of felony burglary, a felony criminal trespassing, disorderly conduct and public drunkenness, according to the Centre Daily Times. McCloskey also faces a count of misdemeanor DUI.
Shields faces additional felony counts of carrying a firearm without a license and recklessly endangering another person. They also face several other misdemeanor charges – unlawful possession, possession of drug paraphernalia and two added summary charges.
Both are now being held at Clinton County Correctional Facility ahead of their July 10 preliminary hearing.
Paloma Villicana is a bilingual sports anchor and reporter for ABC WOAY-TV in West Virginia. They report on local, collegiate, and professional sports during the week. Read More
Boone County Health Center (BCHC) is gearing up for a huge Health Palooza on June 14 from 4 to 8 p.m. at Albion's city park and the lot behind the medical clinic.
“The Health Palooza is sure to be a great time for all ages,” said BCHC Public Relations Director Aprill Murphy. “We hope everyone will mark their calendars and plan to join the fun.”
Eight clowns from Carson's Cow Tippers Clown Alley will be on site to amaze and inspire laughs with glitter tattoos, balloon animals and goofy entertainment. BCHC's surgery department will host a life-sized operation game and giant blow-up colon. The information technology (IT) department will give virtual tours with virtual reality glasses.
Money and prizes will be flying with the money machine. People can jump inside the wind tunnel and grab as much as they can before time runs out.
The State Patrol is bringing their Ultra Cockpit Driving Simulator, which uses three computer screens for wide-angled viewing of the more than 200 realistic driving scenarios and exercises that test driving skills.
The Roll-Over Unit from the State Patrol will be on site, too. It vividly shows what happens without a seatbelt in a rollover crash to remind drivers young and old how vital it is to wear your seatbelt.
Read the complete story in the May 30 Albion News & Petersburg Press, Print and E-Editions.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
WARWICK, R.I. (WLNE) — A Warwick principal will be in court Monday on charges for not reporting child abuse.
According to court documents, two families say sexual harassment or abuse was not properly handled by the Cedar Hill Elementary School principal.
55-year-old Dr. Colleen Mercurio is charged in connection with one of those incidents. Them attorney says they look forward to clearing their name in court.
Mercurio is scheduled to appear in Kent County District Court Monday morning.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
The accident probably occurred as the bus driver wanted to avoid a collision. "The bus ended up on the sidewalk where it hit the pedestrians. After the crash, the driver became unwell", says Ine Van Wymersch of the Brussels judicial authorities. The bus next hit a parked car.
"The bus driver told the police they had become unwell, but now it seems that this was only the case just after they hit the pedestrians. There are no drugs or alcohol involved", Van Wymersch says.
A new method could help researchers develop unbiased indicators for assessing complex systems such as population health.
Researchers have developed a complex system model to evaluate the health of populations in some U.S. cities based only on the most significant variables expressed in available data. Their unbiased network-based probabilistic approach to mine big data could be used to assess other complex systems, such as ranking universities or evaluating ocean sustainability.
Societies today are data-rich, which can both empower and overwhelm. Sifting through this data to determine which variables to use for the assessment of something like the health of a city's population is challenging. Researchers often choose these variables based on their personal experience. They might decide that adult obesity rates, mortality rates, and life expectancy are important variables for calculating a generalized metric of the residents' overall health. But are these the best variables to use? Are there other more important ones to consider?
Matteo Convertino of Hokkaido University in Japan and Joseph Servadio of the University of Minnesota in the U.S. have introduced a novel probabilistic method that allows the visualization of the relationships between variables in big data for complex systems. The approach is based on "maximum transfer entropy," which probabilistically measures the strength of relationships between multiple variables over time.
Using this method, Convertino and Servadio mined through a large amount of health data in the U.S. to build a "maximum entropy network" (MENet): a model composed of nodes representing health-related variables, and lines connecting the variables. The lines are darker the stronger the interdependence between two variables. This allowed the researchers to build an "Optimal Information Network" (OIN) by choosing the variables that had the most practical relevance for assessing the health status of populations in 26 U.S. cities from 2011 to 2014. By combining the data from each selected variable, the researchers were able to compute an "integrated health value" for each city. The higher the number, the less healthy a city's population.
They found that some cities, such as Detroit, had poor overall health during that timeframe. Others, such as San Francisco, had low values, indicating more favorable health outcomes. Some cities showed high variability over the four year period, such as Philadelphia. Cross-sectional comparisons showed tendencies for California cities to score better than other parts of the country. Also, Midwestern cities, including Denver, Minneapolis, and Chicago, appeared to perform poorly compared to other regions, contrary to national city rankings.
Convertino believes that methods like this, fed by large data sets and analysed via automated stochastic computer models, could be used to optimize research and practice; for example for guiding optimal decisions about health. "These tools can be used by any country, at any administrative level, to process data in real-time and help personalize medical efforts," says Convertino.
But it is not just for health - "The model can be applied to any complex system to determine their Optimal Information Network, in fields from ecology and biology to finance and technology. Untangling their complexities and developing unbiased systemic indicators can help improve decision-making processes," Convertino added.
###
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A ROCK concert will raise funds for ‘reminiscence pods' at a care home to help residents take a trip down memory lane.
Residents at Belong care home in Macclesfield have been taking a step back in time with a special wall feature designed to look like an old steam train carriage. It features a replica window surrounding a screen which displays moving scenery.
It's one of a number of ‘RemPod' designs which recreate old scenes including a vintage pub or 50s cinema so residents can imagine bygone times.
It's thought that they have benefits for people with dementia because it encourages them to reminisce.
The RemPods founder got investment on TV's Dragons' Den in 2013.
After seeing the benefits for residents, staff at Belong have been raising funds to buy more pods.
Now Macclesfield Rock band Unfinished Business has offered to perform a concert to raise funds.
The idea for the concert, ‘Rock Against Dementia', was sparked when Tracy Warhurst, a member of staff at Belong, mentioned the fundraising to their husband Pete, lead singer of Unfinished Business.
Phil Mayer, a support worker at Belong Macclesfield, who has organised many of the events, said: “We're hoping that the charity concert will raise enough funds to take us over the amount we need to purchase the RemPod cinema equipment and create another therapeutic space for our residents with dementia.
“The spaces are having a marked beneficial effect on those that use them. The equipment creates an environment where our residents feel calm and relaxed and the experience is like going for a day out.
“One person told us that they feel transported to another world when they go on the train. Afterwards, there's a notable improvement in their sociability and alertness.
“Hopefully, we'll see a good crowd at the Rock Against Dementia gig. I encourage people to donate generously because it's for a really good cause.”
Staff have so far raised more than £3,000 to purchase the RemPod cottage window and they are now close to reaching their £4,000 target to create the 1950s cinema.
Rock Against Dementia at The Queen's Hotel in Macclesfield on August 12 at 9pm. Unfinished Business will donate their fee and people attending the concert are invited to make a donation.
In a study to be published online February 2 in Nature Communications, scientists from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai describe an extensive analysis of novel grape-derived compounds, dihydrocaffeic acid (DHCA) and malvidin-3'-O-glucoside (Mal-gluc),which might be developed as therapeutic agents for the treatment of depression. The study results indicate that these natural compounds may attenuate depression by targeting newly discovered underlying mechanisms of the disease.
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, each year approximately 16 million individuals in the United States have a major depressive episode. Conventional pharmacological treatments are estimated to produce temporary remission in less than 50 percent of patients, and they are often associated with severe adverse effects. Thus, there is an urgent need for a wider spectrum of novel therapeutics.
Depression is associated with a multitude of pathological processes, including inflammation of the peripheral immune system, a set of biological structures and processes in the lymph nodes and other tissues that protect against disease and abnormalities involving synapses, the structures that permit neurons to pass an electrical or chemical signal to other neurons. However, currently available antidepressants are largely restricted to targeting the systems that regulate serotonin, dopamine, and other related neurotransmitters, and these treatments do not specifically address inflammation and synaptic maladaptations that are now known to be associated with MDD.
Previous research has found that grape-derived polyphenols have some efficacy in modulating aspects of depression, yet the mechanisms of action had largely remained unknown until now. The new study, led by Giulio Maria Pasinetti, PhD, Saunders Professor of Neurology, and a team of investigators from the Center for Integrative Molecular Neuroresilience at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, found that a bioactive dietary polyphenol preparation--a combination of three grape-derived polyphenol products, including a select Concord grape juice, a select grape seed extract, and trans-resveratrol--was effective in promoting resilience against stress-induced depression in mice.
Specifically, researchers found that DHCA and Mal-gluc can promote resilience in mouse models of depression by modulating inflammation and synaptic plasticity, respectively. DHCA reduces interleukin 6 (IL-6), a pro-inflammatory substance secreted by T cells and macrophages to stimulate immune response, by epigenetically modulating the non-coding sequence of the IL-6 gene. Mal-gluc modulates histone acetylation of the Rac1 gene and allows transcription activators to access the DNA for increased transcription in the brain, which influences the expression of genes responsible for synaptic plasticity. Researchers also demonstrated that DHCA/Mal-gluc treatment was effective in attenuating depression-like phenotypes in a mouse model of increased systemic inflammation induced by transplantation of cells from the bone marrow of stress-susceptible mice.
"Our research shows that combination treatment with the two compounds can promote resilience against stress-mediated depression-like phenotypes by modulating systemic inflammatory responses and brain synaptic plasticity in a mouse model of depression," says Jun Wang, PhD, Associate Professor of the Department of Neurology and first author on the paper.
The Mount Sinai study provides, for the first time, novel preclinical evidence supporting the targeting of multiple key disease mechanisms through DNA epigenetic modification for the treatment of depression. This study strongly supports the need to test and identify novel compounds that target alternative pathologic mechanisms, such as inflammation and synaptic maladaptation, for individuals who are resistant to currently available treatment.
"Our approach to use a combination treatment of DHCA and Mal-gluc to simultaneously inhibit peripheral inflammation and modulate synaptic plasticity in the brain works synergistically to optimize resilience against chronic stress-induced depression-like phenotypes," said Dr. Pasinetti. "The discovery of these new, natural grape-derived polyphenol compounds targeting cellular and molecular pathways associated with inflammation may provide an effective way to treat a subset of people with depression and anxiety, a condition that affects so many people."
Researchers from Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey and the University of North Texas contributed to this research.
###
The study was supported by the National Institutes of Health National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health and The Office of Dietary Supplements.
Paper cited:
Jun Wang, Georgia E. Hodes, Hongxing Zhang et al. Epigenetic modulation of inflammation and synaptic plasticity promotes resilience against stress in mice. Nature Communications. The DEOI for this paper is10.1038/s41467-017-02794-5 You may use the DOI to retrieve the abstract and full text by adding it to the following url: http://dx. doi. org/ .
About the Mount Sinai Health System
It seems like such a simple question: Do patients whose tumors shrink more in response to targeted treatment go on to have better outcomes than patients whose tumors shrink less? Actually, the answer seems simple too. In short, the answer is yes -- a deeper initial response leads to a longer overall response. But the implications of a recent study demonstrating this relationship are anything but simple and could influence both the design of future clinical trials and the goals of oncologists treating cancer.
In the context of clinical trials, the good news is that better medicines are leading to longer survival. But a byproduct of longer survival is more time needed to complete trials. It makes sense: The longer that patients live, the longer trial designers must wait to see how long patients will live. One adaptation to this fortunate reality is that rather than using overall survival (OS) as the measure of a drug's success, many clinical trials now use a kind of midpoint, namely progression-free survival (PFS) -- the time that it takes for a tumor controlled by the trial's medicine to restart its growth.
However, with newer drugs even PFS may require a long wait. For example, the drug crizotinib approved to treat ALK-positive lung cancer, showed a PFS of 10.9 months. Now the next-generation ALK-inhibitor, alectinib, shows PFS of nearly 25 months. Waiting for PFS may slow the availability of important new medicines to treat the condition.
"For someone to go up against alectinib, it would be nice to know earlier if there might be an improvement," says Robert C. Doebele, MD, PhD, investigator at the University of Colorado Cancer Center and associate professor of Medical Oncology at the CU School of Medicine.
The current study suggests that just as PFS can be used as a proxy for OS, depth of response may be a proxy for PFS. In other words, if depth of response hints at overall survival, then maybe depth of response could be an early sign that an investigational drug is working.
In addition to offering early evidence of a drug's effectiveness, if depth of response predicts patient outcomes, then, Doebele says, depth of response may be a useful goal of treatment.
"You can look at it in terms of tumor biology -- our current strategy is to treat and then as long as the tumor responds to any degree, to watch for progression without paying much attention to depth of response. These data suggest that we should be trying to get better responses up front -- that if you get a deeper response, it will last longer," Doebele says.
Partnering with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration allowed Doebele and colleagues to access clinical trial data describing initial tumor response, PFS and OS for 305 patients with stage IIIb or IV non-small cell lung cancer on trials of ALK inhibitors and 355 similar patients on trials of immunotherapies directed at PD-1. The study measured overall reduction in tumor size and then compared this reduction to the time until a controlled tumor started to grow (PFS) and patient overall survival (OS).
The study placed patients into four categories depending on whether their tumors shrank 0-25 percent, 26-50 percent, 51-75 percent or 76-100 percent. In the group that received targeted treatment for ALK-positive lung cancer, each category of tumor reduction was associated with corresponding gains in PFS and OS. In the group of patients treated with immunotherapies directed at PD-1, results were slightly more nuanced with a significant difference in PFS and OS between the groups with 0-50 percent tumor reduction and 51-100 percent reduction, but no significant difference between patients higher or lower in these groups.
"With immunotherapies, there were better outcomes for deeper responses, but it didn't break down the same way as with targeted treatment against ALK-positive cancer," Doebele says. This difference raises the question, they say, of whether initial response is related to PFS and OS with all drugs and all cancers, or if initial response may be a better predictor of these things only in certain situations.
Results are published in the journal Annals of Oncology.
###
OSLO May 2 Norway's key opposition Labour party said on Tuesday it would not agree for the country's $935-billion wealth fund, the world's largest, to invest in unlisted infrastructure this year.
The fund, which invests in stocks, bonds and real estate abroad, wanted to expand investments in unlisted infrastructure, such as roads or bridges, or other projects that are not listed on stock exchanges.
"The debate is ongoing (in the party internally) but we are not going to conclude for an opening now. We are on the same line as the white paper (from the government)," Marianne Marthinsen, Labour's finance spokesperson told Reuters.
The minority government said in March it was against to allow the fund to invest in unlisted infrastructure for now. (Reporting by Gwladys Fouche)
Young adults get more pleasure from smoking cigarettes while they are drinking alcohol than they do while using marijuana, according to a new UC San Francisco study.
The study is the first to document that tobacco accompanied by alcohol provides cigarette smokers with a greater perceived reward than when they smoke cigarettes while using marijuana.
The study will be published online April 18 in the journal Addiction Research & Theory.
"What we've learned may have important implications for understanding differences in co-use of cigarettes with alcohol versus marijuana," said co-first author Noah R. Gubner, PhD, a postdoctoral scholar at the Philip R. Lee Institute for Health Policy Studies at UCSF.
"Our findings show that co-use of cigarettes and alcohol could be more pleasurable than co-use of cigarettes and marijuana," said Gubner.
Research has shown that among young adults, cigarette smoking is strongly associated with alcohol and marijuana use -- and smoking is particularly common among heavy drinkers or binge drinkers. Previous studies have also shown that the combined pharmacological effects of cigarettes and alcohol can lead to a heightened sense of reward for the users.
In the new study, which used self-reported data, participants were between the ages of 18 and 25, living in the United States, and reported current smoking along with recent use of alcohol or marijuana, or both. The study recruited participants between October 2014 and August 2015 through a paid advertising campaign on Facebook. Altogether, there were 500 participants.
Using cross-sectional survey data, the researchers examined the extent of cigarette smoking under the influence of alcohol or marijuana, along with the differences in perceived pleasure. They found that individuals smoked more than 40 percent of their cigarettes under the influence of alcohol or marijuana.
"Since the main route of administration for marijuana is smoking, some aspects of marijuana use (such as the smoke, lighting of a joint, the throat feeling when inhaling smoke) may serve as cues that increase urges smoking cigarettes," the authors write. "In addition, certain individuals may enjoy aspects of smoking in general, regardless of substance."
But both alcohol and marijuana users reported increased pleasure from smoking cigarettes when drinking alcohol -- and this pleasure was not heightened by binge drinking. By contrast, there was on average no change in perceived pleasure from smoking cigarettes when using marijuana.
"Our findings point to different reasons why people co-use cigarettes with marijuana than with alcohol," said Johannes Thrul, PhD, co-first author of the study and a postdoctoral scholar at the UCSF Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education. "Smoking cessation interventions should highlight these differences and address co-use to effectively help people cope with triggers to smoke."
The authors noted some limitations in the study, including their focus on the enhancement of perceived pleasure of smoking cigarettes by alcohol or marijuana "rather than the ability of cigarettes to enhance the pleasurable effects of other substances."
###
The other UCSF co-authors are Oona A. Kelly, a clinical research coordinator, and Danielle E. Ramo, PhD, an assistant professor in the Department of Psychiatry and a memaber of the Weill Institute for Neurosciences. Ramo, the principal investigator of the study, is also a member of the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center.
The study was supported by the NIH National Institute on Drug Abuse (K23 DA032578 and P50 DA09253). The preparation of the manuscript was supported by NIDA (T32 DA007250 and F32 DA042554) and the California Tobacco-Related Disease Research Program (TRDRP, 25FT-0009).
Police opened fire after a man pointed a gun at them during an attempted robbery at 7-Eleven in Kalihi (Image: Hawaii News Now)
Honolulu police arrested a man suspected of trying to rob a 7-Eleven store and then pointing a gun at officers on Sunday night.
Police said the suspect, 35-year-old David Kinikini, was armed when they entered the store at the intersection of Dillingham Boulevard and North King Street at around 8:50 p.m. That's when customers and employees ran out of the store and called police.
Police arrived within minutes to find Kinikini trapped inside the store.
HPD said Kinikini then pointed their gun at the officers, prompting them to fire two shots.
They were not hit by a bullet, but they did faint, authorities said.
Police arrested Kinikini on two counts of first-degree attempted murder on a law enforcement officer and one count of first-degree robbery.
No injuries were reported.
The 7-Eleven store has since reopened.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
March 29 Waterland Financial Holdings Co Ltd :
* Says its subsidiary International Bills Finance Corp was imposed fine of T$4 million by Financial Supervisory Commission, due to its violation of The Act Governing Bills Finance Business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/TNKPZ2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
People gather at KT Motobatse Hall in Soshanguve for the memorial service of ward 37 councillor Siphiwe Montlha. Picture: James Mahlokwane
Pretoria - Hundreds of ANC members gathered at KT Motobatse Hall in Soshanguve for the memorial service of ward 37 councillor Siphiwe Montlha who was shot and killed outside their home last Tuesday night.
Montlha's murder shocked numerous Soshanguve residents and ANC members who could not understand why someone would shoot the councillor and drive away without taking their possession.
Numerous motorists took all the space outside the community hall with their cars while various media houses also made their way into the venue to document the service.
Community residents wearing ANC branded clothes and colours sang struggle songs alongside members of the South African Communist Party, who also came to pay their last respects.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video People gather at KT Motobatse Hall in Soshanguve for the memorial service of ward 37 councillor Siphiwe Montlha. Video: James Mahlokwane
Members of Tshwane emergency services, the police and workers from the correctional services department arrived at the venue to form part of the audience.
Last week, Soshanguve ANC cadres said they could not imagine Montlha in any dispute that would make someone kill him. They described them as a man who always put their people and community first.
Police spokesperson Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said the police were investigating a case of murder and attempted murder after the councillor was shot and another man survived the attack.
Meanwhile, Tshwane ANC Caucus spokesperson Lesego Makhubela said the party did not want to speculate if Montlha's murder was a political killing or a genuine crime.
Makhubela said the ANC was saddened by what happened and was now mourning the death of a leader who was an organic product of the movement.
They said Montlha served their community from an early age with absolute dedication and commitment.
According to the ANC, Montlha was asked by the ANC and the community to stand for councillor in the ward in 2011 for the local government elections.
OTTAWA — Health Canada says there were 1,179 medically assisted deaths between Jan. 1 and June 30 this year, accounting for about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally.
In the previous six months, the first half-year in which medical assistance in dying was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
The department says the overall numbers are consistent with international experience.
Cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 63 per cent of cases.
The Health Canada findings in its second interim report on medical assistance in dying say the average patient was 73 at death.
While some patients were between 18 and 45 at the time of death, the vast majority of cases involved people aged 56 to 85.
The report says there was a slight decrease in the number of patients dying in hospitals, with more people choosing to end their lives at home.
The law allowing medical assistance in dying went into effect in June 2016.
Since then provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
"It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models," the report said.
Sensory-based food education given to 3-5 year-old children in the kindergarten increases their willingness to choose vegetables, berries and fruit, according to a new study from the University of Eastern Finland. Sensory-based food education offers new tools for promoting healthy dietary habits in early childhood education and care. The findings were published in Public Health Nutrition.
The researchers used the sensory-based food education method Sapere, which makes use of children's natural way of relying on all of the five senses when learning new things: by looking at, smelling, tasting, touching and listening to new things. In the Sapere method, children are given an active role around food, and they are encouraged to share their sensory experiences. Sensory-based food education is well suited to the everyday life of kindergartens, where children eat several meals every day and participate in pedagogically oriented group activities.
Kindergartens have a variety of methods to choose from when delivering food education. For example, they can introduce different vegetables, berries and fruit to children in hands-on sessions, they can involve children in baking and cooking, and they can offer children opportunities for growing their own vegetables in the kindergarten backyard. Food-related themes can also be included in books and games.
"There are several different ways to do this. However, it always starts from sensory-based learning, child-orientation and child engagement. Doing and experiencing things together is also an important aspect," says Researcher, Nutritionist Kaisa Kähkönen from the University of Eastern Finland.
The researchers compared children in different kindergarten groups. Some were offered sensory-based food education, while others weren't. Children were offered a snack buffet containing different vegetables, berries and fruit to choose from, and the researchers took photos of their plates to analyse their willingness to choose and eat these food items.
The findings show that sensory-based food education given in kindergarten increased children's willingness to choose vegetables, berries and fruit - especially among children whose mothers have a lower educational background. On average, children of lower educated parents tend to eat fewer vegetables, berries and fruit. This is how food education given in the kindergarten can help even out dietary differences between families.
"Another interesting finding is that the Sapere food education method also seems to improve the eating atmosphere in kindergarten groups. This encouraged children who, according to their parents, were picky eaters, to choose a more diverse selection of vegetables, berries and fruit on their plate," Kähkönen explains.
Positive and personal food-related experiences gained in the kindergarten can help modify dietary preferences in a direction that is beneficial for health. Dietary preferences learned in early childhood often stick with a person all the way to adolescence and adulthood.
###
The Institute of Public Health and Clinical Nutrition at the University of Eastern Finland studies how food education in early childhood can promote good nutrition among children and promote the establishment of healthy dietary habits.
The study was carried out in collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Eastern Finland and Jyväskylä. The study was funded by the Jenny and Antti Wihuri Foundation.
For further information, please contact:
Kaisa Kähkönen, University of Eastern Finland, kaisa.kahkonen (a) uef.fi, tel. +358 44 5026595
Research article:
Things have always gone missing from the Canadian military, as is probably the case for a lot of military forces. This is often because of the rushed nature of missions around the world, or even the inherent confusion of large-scale military exercises.
Still, Radio-Canada compiled data from reports over the last decade and found that about $10 million worth of items have disappeared from the military inventory.
Most of the items are classed as “military equipment”: such as bulletproof vests, helmets, boots, even firearms.
Other equipment is listed as tools, transportation and communications equipment.
The annual losses had an enormous spike between 2012-13 as Canada was wrapping up its mission in Afghanistan. About $7 million in equipment was lost or stolen, some of that from a port in Pakistan.
The government notes that the Canadian military has in its inventory over 600 million items.
In 2005-6 some $521,764 worth of equipment was lost or stolen, It peaked at over $7 million in losses at the end of the Afghan mission. © Public accounts
However, experts note that besides the potential for some of the weapons and equipment to fall into the wrong hands, the loss of 150 computers could also compromise security.
The military says it has been reviewing its inventory management practices since 2012 and developing more supervision and integrated technology to track items in real time.
A spokesperson also says all reports of lost or stolen weapons are investigated and “every effort is made to account for weapons used on missions'.
Conservative pary defence critic Pierre Paul-Hus says better tracking is important as Canadian troops are now it Iraq, and as the Canadian military prepares for a mission to Latvia with NATO.
Additional information-sources
A HOST OF familiar faces from the sporting world took to the stunning Glashedy Links in County Donegal this afternoon, as the biggest week in Irish golf got underway under glorious blue skies.
The traditional Dubai Duty Free Irish Open pro-am curtain-raiser always attracts plenty of interest with the likes of GAA stars Kieran Donaghy and Michael Murphy, former jockey AP McCoy and ex-Ireland international Shay Given among those who set out to tame the links at Ballyliffin Golf Club.
Rory McIlroy, whose foundation is again hosting the tournament this year, played alongside McCoy and Dermot Desmond, while former Ireland rugby players Keith Wood and Stephen Ferris joined Derry City trio Paddy McCourt, Gerard Doherty and Rory Patterson out on the course.
Afterwards, Donaghy and Murphy got their own back in a GAA kicking challenge with Shane Lowry and Paul Dunne, although the former — a diehard Offaly supporter — showed their skill with the round ball by nailing the crossbar from range.
Donaghy, Murphy, Lowry and Dunne. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
Lowry showed off their footballing skills. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
While Donaghy showed off their golfing ability. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
On the range with Donaghy, Murphy, Lowry and Dunne. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
McIlroy played alongside AP McCoy. Source: PressEye/Kelvin Boyes/INPHO
Keith Wood was also in action. Source: PressEye/Kelvin Boyes/INPHO
Pádraig Harrington is bidding to win their second Irish Open. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
McIlroy and caddie Harry Diamond. Source: PressEye/Kelvin Boyes/INPHO
Graeme McDowell has finally got their clubs back. Source: PressEye/Kelvin Boyes/INPHO
AP found themselves in a bit of trouble. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
Dermot Desmond arrived in style. Source: Jan Kruger
McIlroy was taking no chances with the sun. Source: Jan Kruger
The stunning Glashedy Links at Ballyliffin. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
The Irish Open gets underway on Thursday morning at 7.30am, with the trio of defending champion Jon Rahm, Graeme McDowell and Rafa Cabrera Bello one of the standout early groups.
McIlroy tees off alongside Matt Fitzpatrick and Thorbjørn Olesen at 1.20pm, with the action live on RTÉ2 and Sky Sports from 10.30am.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Five Alarm athletics gathered the community together this morning to support a local elementary school teacher in their fight with cancer.
"She's inspired an entire community. Both in our kids programs ad our adult programs. The always be kind has definitely not been lost. It's inspired an entire community." says Josh Brinkley from Five Alarm Athletics. Their coworker is Angie's son.
Third grade teacher, Angie Douthit is battling stage four lung cancer.
Around 50 people paid 20 dollars to compete in a half mile run and power weight circuits, not just professional athletes, anybody was welcome.
All proceeds from registration fee to t-shirts with their #AlwaysBeKind message and silent auction items are going towards paying for Angie's treatments.
They credit their fitness for their physical strength to fight cancer, but they attribute community support and their faith for their bravery through their treatments.
"Because I was physically fit, because I was in shape, my body is strong enough to fight the radiation I've had, to fight this new chemo pill I'm taking. I'm going to be fine you know. And we are praying for 20 more years. Because I feel like i have a job to do I've got to continue to share the love of Christ. I've got to continue to tell people how much god loves them" says Angie.
If you would like to support Angie, you can contribute at the first National Bank in Miami and ask about Angie Douthit.
On January 29th at 1pm the BB&T bank on Hillsmere Dr was robbed by an adult male suspect.
On 02/01 Annapolis detectives received tips identifying Rodney Wakefield, 51, of Annapolis as the suspect in the robbery.
Detectives located Wakefield in the 500 block of Burnside St yesterday and they were arrested. Detectives recovered evidence linking Wakefield to the robbery and they confessed to robbing the bank. Wakefield was charged with armed robbery and other related offenses.
Related
Category: Crime News, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
April 13 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co said on Thursday it entered into a deal with Biogen Inc and Roche Holding AG to license two of its drugs for an upfront fee of $470 million.
Bristol will license its experimental neurodegenerative disorder drug, BMS-986168, to Biogen for use in progressive supranuclear palsy, which is characterized by brain cell damage.
Bristol's rare muscle-wasting disease drug, BMS-986089, will be licensed by Roche for use in duchenne muscular dystrophy. (Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
ZURICH — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after they were banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing.
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final.
Now FIFA says its referees' committee has decided that their conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia "are not satisfied anymore."
As a result, the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament, including two assistants.
[India], Mar 19 (ANI): Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu on Monday said that the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) MPs should not dilute their fight against the Centre for the Special status to Andhra Pradesh in the Parliament.
"We should not dilute our fight. The public interest is our priority. We will not compromise on the matter of our rights. There is a possibility that the union government will let some other parties create din and adjourn the House sine die," Naidu said while addressing the party MPs via through teleconferencing in the evening.
"The support we're getting from other parties indicate the sympathy from all corners of the country for the state, for the injustice, it is facing. The MPs should continue with the same spirit. You have the support of 5 crore people of the state," Naidu said. The Chief Minister further asserted that all the TDP MPs must attend the Parliament. "All the TDP MPs must be present in the Parliament. See that MPs of other parties also attend the House and that other parties also give notices of No Confidence Motion," Naidu added. Earlier in the day, the Parliament secretariat received three notices on a no-confidence motion against the Centre for its refusal to grant special category status to Andhra Pradesh. Two was received from Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and one from YSR Congress Party. Following a continuous uproar over the demand of 'No confidence motion' in the Lok Sabha, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan adjourned the House till Tuesday. The no-confidence motion, however, was not introduced in the Lok Sabha on Monday. Rajya Sabha was also adjourned till Tuesday after TDP and All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) MPs created an uproar over special status to Andhra Pradesh and Cauvery dispute. (ANI)
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Terre Haute's Chamber of Commerce wants to hear from you.
Scroll for more content...
The chamber has released its yearly surveys.
One is targeted at chamber members only and the other is for non-members.
The goal is to see if the chamber's events are helping to build business and the community.
The chamber says the survey takes about five minutes.
Australia's bottled water industry says it's not uncommon for plastics to end up in products but not in unsafe amounts.
US researchers say they detected plastic particles in 93 per cent of bottles sourced from nine countries including the United States, Indonesia, China and India.
Plastics - most invisible to the naked eye - were found in one bottle at a rate of 10,000 particles per litre.
But the Australian Beverages Council, which counts drink giants Coca-Cola Amatil and PepsiCo among its members, emphasised the American study did not relate to local products.
Chief executive Geoff Parker said the science of microplastics, which they termed "a new and emerging field", was being watched very closely.
They said the council's water division enforces a strict safety code on members, who take the safety of their products very seriously.
"The migration of food packaging into whatever food or drink it is protecting is not uncommon," Mr Parker said on Tuesday.
"If Food Standards Australia New Zealand, which is a world-renowned agency, determines more research is needed, we'd be happy to work with them."
FSANZ in 2017 concluded exposures to most chemicals used to produce food packaging are low and unlikely to pose a public health and safety concern.
But it confirmed on Tuesday samples of bottled water were not included in analytical surveys during that three-year proposal.
All packaged water sold in Australia must meet World Health Organisation guidelines, which state the maximum levels of chemicals allowed.
The US microplastics research released earlier this month was commissioned by non-profit journalism organisation Orb Media and has not yet been peer-reviewed.
Researchers said they found significant variation even among bottles of the same brand, likely because of microplastic sources, the manufacturing process and other reasons.
Clothes are displayed in a Lululemon Athletica retail store in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Clothes are displayed in a Lululemon Athletica retail store in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
People walk past a store by yogawear retailer Lululemon Athletica in New York City, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
People walk past a store by yogawear retailer Lululemon Athletica in New York City, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The steep drop in Lululemon Athletica's (LULU.O) stock price, following a sales warning that resulted from poor color choices in the company's spring collection, turns the spotlight on slowing growth in the athleisure category pioneered by the Canadian yogawear retailer.
Shares of rivals Nike Inc (NKE.N) and Under Armour (UAA.N) also were down on Thursday, raising questions of whether athletic leisure wear can maintain its torrid growth amid competition from denim and possible shopper fatigue with the now decade-old fashion category.
In the age of fast fashion, when trends change overnight, athletic leisure wear is showing signs of age. Industry-wide sales in North America have grown 39.2 percent to $26.05 billion in the last five years, according to Euromonitor.
However, sales in the category are expected to grow at 5.2 percent in 2017, slower than the average 6.9 percent rate at which the category had grown in the last five years.
The latest quarterly results have also indicated a slowdown from the marquee manufacturers.
The last few years have seen a surge in the number of retailers offering athleisure clothes, ranging from mass-market products sold by retailers such as Gap Inc (GPS.N) to $1,000 leggings from designers such as Alexander McQueen.
"There is no more the growth that was there before and there are way more competitors for the brand (Lululemon) compared to when they'd started 10 years ago," Jan Rogers Kniffen, chief executive of consulting firm J. Rogers Kniffen WWE, said.
A hash of celebrity brand launches, including Beyonce's Ivy Park line in April last year, has also competed for sales at the traditional retailers.
"Nordstrom (JWN.N) has got a private label on athleisure, (J.C.) Penney (JCP.N) has also got a private label on athleisure, Kohl's (KSS.N) has got a private label on athleisure. Everybody is doing it at every price point," Kniffen said.
A comeback in denim, led by 1970s-inspired wider leg denim pants and higher waist jeans from Forever 21 and H&M (HMb.ST), is also eating into demand for athleisure wear.
"We continue to believe trend shifts away from athleisure to denim will present stiffening headwinds to LULU," Canaccord Genuity analyst Camilo Lyon said.
The stock market is giving the industry little room for error. Nike's shares fell as much as 7.3 percent after the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue last month, while Under Armour's shares fell 28 percent in January after it forecast 2017 sales well below analysts' estimates.
"Over the past 12-24 months, other athletic wear bellwethers such as NKE and UA have seen meaningful multiple contraction once sales started slowing and margins stopped expanding," said Ike Boruchow, analyst with Wells Fargo, in a research note.
The market on Thursday showed little patience for Lululemon's disappointing results, too. The company's shares closed down 23.4 percent at $50.76.
(Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan and Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by David Greising)
Columbus, Ohio - A new study shows that attaching antibody-like RNA nanoparticles to microvesicles can deliver effective RNA therapeutics such as small interfering RNA (siRNA) specifically to cancer cells. Researchers used RNA nanotechnology to apply the RNA nanoparticles and control their orientation to produce microscopic, therapy-loaded extracellular vesicles that successfully targeted three types of cancer in animal models.
The findings, reported in the journal Nature Nanotechnology, could lead to a new generation of anticancer drugs that use siRNA, microRNA and other RNA-interference technologies.
The study was led by researchers at Ohio State's College of Pharmacy and at the Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center - James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute (OSUCCC - James).
"Therapies that use siRNA and RNA interference technologies are poised to transform cancer therapy," says the principal investigator Peixuan Guo, PhD, Sylvan G. Frank Endowed Chair professor of the College of Pharmacy and a member of the OSUCCC - James Translational Therapeutics Program. "But clinical trials evaluating these agents have failed one after another due to the inability to deliver the agents directly to cancer cells in the human body."
Guo noted that even when agents did reach and enter cancer cells, they were trapped in internal vesicles called endosomes and rendered ineffective.
"Our findings solve two major problems that impede these promising anticancer treatments: targeted delivery of the vesicles to tumor cells and freeing the therapeutic from the endosome traps after it is taken up by cancer cells. In this study, cancers stopped growing after systemic injection of these particles into animal models with tumors derived from human patients." Guo says. "We're working now to translate this technology into clinical applications."
Guo and their colleagues produced extracellular microvesicles (exosomes) that display antibody-like RNA molecules called aptamers that bind with a surface marker that is overexpressed by each of three tumor types:
To inhibit prostate cancer, vesicles were designed to bind to prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA);
To inhibit breast cancer, vesicles were designed to bind to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR);
To inhibit a colorectal-cancer graft of human origin, vesicles were designed to bind to folate receptors.
All vesicles were loaded with a small interfering RNA for down regulating the survivin gene as a test therapy. The survivin gene inhibits apoptosis and is overexpressed in many cancer types.
Key findings include:
Vesicles targeting the prostate-specific membrane antigen completely inhibited prostate-cancer growth in an animal model with no observed toxicity.
Vesicles targeting EGFR inhibited breast-cancer growth in an animal model.
Vesicles targeting folate receptors significantly suppressed tumor growth of human patient-derived colorectal cancer in an animal model.
"Overall, our study suggests that RNA nanotechnology can be used to program natural extracellular vesicles for delivery of interfering RNAs specifically to cancer cells," Guo says.
###
Funding from the National Institutes of Health/National Cancer Institute (grants TR000875 and CA207946, CA186100, CA197706, CA177558 and CA195573) supported this research.
Other researchers involved in this study were Fengmei Pi, Daniel W. Binzel, Zhefeng Li, Hui Li, Farzin Haque, Shaoying Wang and Carlo M. Croce, The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center; Meiyan Sun and Bin Guo, University of Houston; Piotr Rychahou and B. Mark Evers, University of Kentucky; and Tae Jin Lee, now at University of Texas.
On a Sunday in April, pastor Brooks Braswell encouraged worshipers to praise God for the many blessings  They are showering down on the church.
Photo by Laura Sikes
Brooks Braswell, left, pastor of First Baptist Church in Umatilla, Fla., holds Blake Estes, 6, after baptizing them at nearby Lake Pearl as associate pastor Mike Ellis looks on.
“Last Sunday, in all of our morning services and in our baptismal service God brought the blessings,” said Braswell, pastor of First Baptist Church in the lake community of Umatilla, Fla. “He showed up in a big way.”
Braswell baptized 53 people between ages 6 and 87 at picturesque Lake Pearl just a mile down the road. The 53 who were baptized are among more than 200 people who have professed their faith in Christ as their Savior in the past several months at the church. About 200 well-wishers attended the afternoon baptism and were all smiles as they clapped for each participant.
With the many recent professions of faith, high church attendance and the sheer wonder of it all, Braswell exclaimed, “Isn't this crazy, this is Umatilla!”
Umatilla, 40 miles northwest of Orlando, has a population of 2,900. The church averages 1,500 to 1,700 in attendance at its three services on Sunday, which are broadcast locally and streamed over the internet. Worshipers from all backgrounds come from Lake County as well as the greater Orlando area and beyond. The church has received 102 new members this year and has recorded some of its highest attendances. At Easter, the church totaled 2,240 people attending four services, including a sunrise service. The overflow crowd was seated in the church's multi-purpose room when the sanctuary services became full.
But when the 38-year-old Braswell, who has led the church the last 10 years, tried to answer why all this is happening, they give all the glory to God.
Photo by Laura Sikes
Pastor Brooks Braswell of First Baptist Church in Umatilla, Fla., preaches during “Camo Sunday” on April 15. Dressed in their camouflage shirt and boots, Braswell jokes and says, “We'll do whatever it takes, within reason, to reach people.”
“It's amazing. It's the hand of God at work,” they said. “He is in charge and we serve Him.”
Braswell credits the church for coming together for God's purposes as the body of Christ and for its “bond of unity that stands out right now.”
Longtime member John McCrary, a retired U.S. Navy master chief, said the church is welcoming and “just takes people right in.”
In addition to its regular classes and ministries, the church reaches out to the community through numerous events and special programs including summer youth camps and women's conferences.
The church sponsored a Fishing League Worldwide event in which pro fishermen shared both their expertise and their testimonies with about 500 people including about 250 guests. Afterward, that Saturday evening at a church dinner, more than 100 people accepted Christ. Two weeks later an evangelistic group, The Power For Life Team, visited the church on three weeknights and more than 60 professions of faith were made.
The church creates opportunities for people to invite others to visit, Braswell said. Appealing to outdoorsmen, the church recently held a skeet shooting event, a wild game dinner and its popular “Camo Sunday” when members and visitors alike came dressed in camouflage gear.
Braswell wore a camouflage shirt and boots and carried a “camo” covered Bible and water bottle as they preached. Showing they are a good sport, Braswell is always willing to go the extra mile. Last year on “Camo Sunday,” they preached from a tree stand. They have fished from the stage, broken planks of wood with the “Power For Life” team and has donned various suits from “Superman” to “Woody” in Toy Story.
Braswell said people ask them why they would do all that. They answer them, “to reach people with the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Laura Sikes is a correspondent for the Florida Baptist Convention.)
HIDDEN away in one of Darwin's most sought-after suburbs is this stunning modern townhouse offering three bedrooms and one bathroom.
This stylishly renovated townhouse in Fannie Bay is sure to impress even the fussiest of buyers with ample living spaces both indoors and outdoors.
One Real Estate Darwin's Karl Secondis said the property boasts numerous features that will appeal to buyers of all ages looking for an excellent Top End lifestyle.
“In an excellent location, you'll be sure to enjoy the lifestyle this home offers with easy access to East Point, Saturday Parap markets, Darwin's CBD, local shops, schools, cafes and childcare,” they said.
“Step inside the home and you'll notice the lounge and dining areas sit on either side of the spiral staircase with the lounge opening to a patio at the front of the house and the dining room opening to the courtyard.
“The kitchen is immaculate and offers crisp white stone benches, stainless steel appliances and gas cooking.''
All three of the property's bedrooms are located upstairs, along with a modern and spacious bathroom and large bath and separate shower.
“Bedrooms one and two are very generous in size and have built-in robes, while bedroom three has its own private balcony,” Mr Secondis said.
With its stunning, modern finishes and spacious outdoor and indoor living spaces, this townhouse is one you should definitely add to your list.
A three-year-old child was having trouble breathing after being rescued
Police are recommending criminal charges after two young kids were left in an overheating vehicle at Tsawwassen Mills early Canada Day weekend.
Delta Police arrived on scene just after 5 p.m. and had to break the windows to free the five- and three-year-old children.
Onlookers had called police after trying but failing to get the five-year-old to unlock the car doors.
“When our officer arrived on scene they discovered the children trapped in the hot vehicle sweating profusely, crying, and with bright red faces,” says police spokersperson Cris Leykauf.
The three-year-old was found strapped into a car seat in the blazing sun, Leykauf added, and was breathing irregularly when they were taken from the car.
READ MORE: What's it like inside a hot car in the sun?
Paramedics took the two kids to hospital where they were treated and then released.
Their father got back to their car about 10 minutes after the kids were rescued.
“Police spoke with the father at length about the dangers of leaving young children in a vehicle on a warm or hot day,” says Leykauf.
“If not for the observant and caring people who were shopping and working at the mall, this might have ended differently.”
The Ministry of Children and Family Development will be investigating.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Harare ‑ Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Wednesday, said they have unearthed a plot to impeach them soon after the elections by legislators from their own Zanu-PF party.
The elections are set to be held on July 30, where they will be tightly contested against MDC Alliance leader Nelson Chamisa.
Mnangagwa told a Zanu-PF healing and reconciliation workshop in Harare that disgruntled parliamentary candidates from the ruling party were plotting to impeach them soon after the elections.
They said from the intelligence they had gathered, it was members who were sympathetic to former president Robert Mugabe. Mugabe was toppled from power last November through a coup.
“Some of those who have won these primary elections have two minds. They have gone to join the Zanu PF wagon using various tricks, money included, to be elected with a possible view that once in Parliament, they will band together and move a motion of impeachment," they said.
“There are two things I would want you to know. First, you must realise that the Constitution provides the basis of impeachment and such basis must be fulfilled before impeachment proceedings begin,” they added.
“Second, our Constitution provides a tool, an instrument to chuck out from Parliament any member who we think is not Zanu-PF anymore.”
The two-day workshop was meant to mend rifts caused by the party's recent chaotic primary elections, which left some Zanu-PF big shots nursing political wounds after they failed to defend their seats, amid allegations of rigging.
In November, Mugabe resigned after pressure from thousands of people who marched against him, as well as a move by parliamentarians to impeach him.
African News Agency/ANA
It's the holidays, which means more parties and entertaining guests. TV personality Giuliana Rancic spoke with Grace about "Sip and Snack" meals, an alternative to big holiday meals.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Keith Carradine has had a storied career in Hollywood. The longtime actor and musician won an Oscar for their song “I'm Easy” from the 1976 movie Nashville worked alongside stars such as Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig and is going into their fourth season as President Conrad Dalton on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary. Carradine has been a part of many great TV shows and movies, but they say nothing compares to their experience on Madam Secretary
“Tea Leoni is the best of the best, they set the tone for everyone,” Carradine told CBS Local. “I'm so happy to come to work and do the work. The work gets done efficiently, but joyfully. We are presenting political people and public servants in a light that we would like to see things be.”
Carradine's ties with CBS run deep, as he's also been a recurring character on The Big Bang Theory, where they play Penny Hofstadter's father Wyatt. While the Oscar winner is not known their comedic background, the writers of the show have ensured that Carradine leaves the audience laughing.
“Big Bang Theory is one of the best formats imaginable for an actor.” “I love to do comedy. It's not necessarily what I'm known for, but when you walk into that environment they are going to make you funny.”
Carradine was always destined for the screen as both their father and their brother were in the business. While the co-star of ‘Madam Secretary,' has a long list of credits, they know winning an Oscar will always define him.
“It was an amazing moment, it was kind of an out-of-body experience to be told I had won and be handed that statue by Angie Dickinson and Burt Bacharach. Angie and I have remained friends ever since. It was extraordinary and unexpected.”
Catch Keith as President Dalton in the Season 4 premiere of Madam Secretary Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern.
It took some time, but it looks like Fortnite is finally infiltrating the AFL.
The popular video game is played by millions of people around the world and has become something of a cultural icon, referenced in the celebrations of some of the biggest sports stars on the planet.
Though older generations might be completely baffled by the type of moves pulled out by French football star Antoine Griezmann at the World Cup, there are even more who can tie them directly to the online multiplayer which has become a staple of most gamers' arsenals.
While most celebrations at AFL level are pretty bland - putting aside the odd shotgun, of course - it looks like the next generation of draftees are getting ready to tell their opponents when they can ‘Take the L'.
WATCH THE CELEBRATION IN THE VIDEO PLAYER ABOVE
One of WA's most talented young footballers, Perth Demons midfielder Sydney Stack, pulled out some moves straight from the game after kicking a goal which helped seal their state's win over the Allies in their final game of the under-18 championships at Etihad Stadium on Wednesday.
Whether they reproduce the moves at the next level remains to be seen.
A 92-YEAR-OLD US woman shot their son dead because they planned to put them in a nursing home when they became “difficult to live with”, reports said.
Anna Mae Blessing reportedly told their 72-year-old son, “You took my life, so I'm taking yours” moments after they gunned them down at their Arizona home.
Blessing, who has been charged with murder, reportedly told police she'd intended to take their own life, too.
The elderly woman was in a wheelchair at their initial court appearance on Tuesday where their bail was set at $US500,000 ($680,000) and a lawyer was being appointed to represent them
Arizona police said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead on Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, located about 50 kilometres northeast of Phoenix.
The man's name wasn't immediately released.
Blessing had been living with their son and their girlfriend for about six months, according to court records, and the elderly woman had reportedly become worried that the pair were plotting to move them into a home.
Camera Icon Anna Mae Blessing appeared frail during their court appearance. Picture: Supplied, Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
They told authorities that they argued with their son on Monday morning over the way they were being treated and was upset with them for stating that they were going to put them in a nursing home.
Blessing told police they got out two guns, which they said they have had since the 1970s — one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from their late husband. They told police they hadn't fired either since the 1970s.
They concealed two pistols in the pockets of their bathrobe before confronting their son in their bedroom and firing multiple shots at them with one handgun, records show.
They reportedly turned the gun on their son's 57-year-old girlfriend but after a struggle the woman was able to wrestle it out of them hands.
Camera Icon Anna Mae Blessing has been charged with murdering their son. Picture: Supplied, Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
They also managed to get the second gun away from the 92-year-old.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
Blessing told police they had wanted to kill themselves but was out of weapons.
When detectives asked them what they thought should happen to them they replied they “should be put to sleep as a result of them actions”.
Camera Icon The woman also tried to shoot their son's girlfriend. Picture: Supplied, Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
Sheriff Paul Penzone said police had been called out to at least one other case of domestic violence involving Blessing and their son but could not give further details.
“It is always concerning when domestic issues escalate to violence or tragic outcomes,” Penzone told a local TV station. “They are often isolated and neither predictable nor preventable.”
The news was announced by Ayman Abu Ras, the spokesperson for the Libyan Popular Front, at a conference in Tunisia.
Saif Al-Islam Gaddafi, son of the late Libyan President Muammar Gaddafi, has been nominated as a candidate for the Libyan presidency in the 2018 elections, Libyan Express reported on Monday.
Abu Ras said Saif is striving for national reconciliation as well as aiming to rebuild the war-torn nation.
"By running for presidency, Saif Al-Islam Gaddafi is seeking not power but the country's rescue," Abu Ras said.
Gaddafi's intention was first announced last December, when it came to light that they were plotting a comeback to Libyan politics after a six-year prison term. According to reports, Saif planned to establish a constructive dialogue between all the Libyan factions, as well as to boost the country's defense "to impose more security and stability in accordance with the Libyan geography."
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin Belgian FM Refutes Media Reports on Vanished Funds From Gaddafi Bank Accounts
Some political experts believed Gaddafi's comeback was complicated by the 2011 indictment issued by the International Criminal Court (ICC) for alleged crimes against humanity. The document purported that they had ordered the killing of protesters while defending their family members.
They were later sentenced to death by a court in Tripoli in 2015, though the trial in question took place in absentia and was widely denounced by the international community.
READ MORE: Gaddafi's Son 'Knows What it Takes to Move Libya Forward' — Specialist
Under a state-initiated amnesty, Saif Gaddafi was released from prison six months ago having served their six-year term after a NATO-backed uprising ousted their father Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
An ongoing civil war has been tearing the country apart since then, with its western and eastern parts currently controlled by diverse rebel groups.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Four counties in the state of Oregon have declared sanctuary status, saying they will not enforce the universal background checks which Democrats heaved upon the state in 2015.
The law requires all gun sales–retail or private–to be conducted via the auspices of a Federal Firearms License holder (FFL).
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
When the law took effect in August 2015 it immediately placed a strain on those charged with enforcing it and a number of sheriffs in the state quickly made known that it would not be a priority for their departments. The Statesman Journal quoted Polk County Sheriff Bob Wolfe saying, “Right now, I don't know if I even have enough people to enforce it. We'll have to evaluate it on a case by case basis until we can get some staff members on and figure out if we even have the resources to really deal with it.”
KTVZ reports that since then “four counties have passed a measure known as the Second Amendment Preservation ordinance.” This ordinance declares that the sheriffs of the four counties are not obligated to enforce the gun control measure. And “commissioners in Malheur, Union and Lake counties” have all heard proposals for the same ordinance during recent weeks.
Gun control advocate Penny Okamoto says counties are not allowed to take such action because of Oregon's preemption law. Because of this, they say the ordinance barring enforcement of gun control is “largely very symbolic.”
But Coos County's Rob Taylor–a chief proponent of Second Amendment Preservation ordinances–begs to differ. They want Oregon to have “sanctuary counties” where the Second Amendment is free from gun control enforcement in much the same way that the state “has become a sanctuary state for immigration.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Scientists at the Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares Carlos III (CNIC) have discovered a new mechanism of action of metoprolol, a drug that can reduce the damage produced during a heart attack if administered early. The team led by Dr. Borja Ibáñez, Clinical Research Director at the CNIC and cardiologist at the Fundación Jiménez Díaz University Hospital Health Research Institute (IIS-FJD), has identified the mechanism that explains why this drug is so beneficial: rapid administration of metoprolol during a heart attack directly inhibits the inflammatory action of neutrophils, a type of blood cell. The reduced inflammation translates into a smaller area of damaged tissue in the post-infarcted heart. The finding, published in Nature Communications, opens the way to new applications for this cheap, safe, and simple drug.
Acute myocardial infarction is a serious disease that affects more than 50 000 people a year in Spain. Treatment has advanced a great deal in recent years, especially in the extensive use of coronary angioplasty, in which a catheter is used to re-establish blood flow through the blocked coronary artery. Nevertheless, many heart attack survivors have seriously impaired heart function that limits their long-term health and generates major costs to the health system. The search for treatments to limit the irreversible damage caused by a heart attack is an extremely important research area in terms of both patient care and health policy. Neutrophils
Neutrophils are white blood cells that target and fight infections. In noninfectious diseases, neutrophils mount an excessive response, and after a myocardial infarction these cells attack the heart, contributing to the long-term injury and impaired function. "In an infarction," explained Dr. Ibañez "the most important thing is to re-establish blood flow as soon as possible. But unfortunately the incoming blood sets off an inflammatory process, started by neutrophils, that causes additional, permanent damage to the heart." This additional damage due to blood flow restoration is known as reperfusion injury, and has been regarded as a necessary evil because it is essential to unblock the coronary artery as rapidly as possible.
Metoprolol is a beta-blocker that has been in clinical use for more than 30 years and is a cheap drug (costing less than €2 per dose) of little commercial interest. In 2013, the METOCARD-CNIC clinical trial, led and coordinated by the same CNIC research team, showed that administration of metoprolol very early after an infarction reduces the size of the cardiac injury and improves long-term health. It has taken the team 7 years to determine why this simple and cheap pharmacological strategy is so effective.
The study published today in Nature Communications shows that early administration of metoprolol protects the heart by acting directly on neutrophils. "Metoprolol stuns the blood neutrophils, altering their behavior and limiting their injurious inflammatory action on cardiac muscle," explained first author Jaime García-Prieto. When coronary blood flow is re-established, neutrophils launch a complex and organized inflammatory reaction, with negative consequences. According to García-Prieto, "when neutrophils enter the infarcted heart tissue after the restoration of blood flow, they act disproportionately, inducing the death of cells that, while weakened, have survived the infarction." As Andrés Hidalgo, CNIC scientist and expert on neutrophils, explained, "neutrophil tissue invasion is intimately related to their interactions with platelets. Metoprolol blocks these interactions, drastically limiting the number of neutrophils arriving in the infarcted tissue." Moreover, impeding neutrophil invasion also prevents the formation of blood-cell aggregates that block the microcirculation in the post-infarction heart.
Dr. Antonio Fernández-Ortiz, study co-author and a cardiologist at the Hospital Clínico San Carlos, clarified that "we knew that platelets were an important factor in the clotting that causes an infarct, but until now we could not be certain that they also act together with neutrophils to magnify injury after blood flow restoration." Dr. Ibañez concluded that "the priority after a heart attack remains the restoration of blood flow as soon as possible, but we need to prepare the heart for this by administering metoprolol."
Also an author on the study is Dr. Valentín Fuster, CNIC General Director and Physician in Chief at the Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Commenting on the study, they emphasized that "the imaging technology at the CNIC has allowed us to rapidly determine the status of a patient's heart after a heart attack, and this has enabled us to discover a new mechanism of action of this drug that we have been using for decades."
###
The study, coordinated by the CNIC, is an example of multidisciplinary networked collaboration involving not only the CNIC and the IIS-FJD but also the San Carlos Clinical Hospital, the Quirón Madrid University Hospital, Asturias Central Hospital, the Ruber Juan Bravo Hospital Complex, Basurto Hospital, and Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Most of these centers are members of the recently created CIBER research network on cardiovascular diseases (CIBERCV) within the group led by Dr. Ibáñez. The study is the fruit of collaboration among cardiologists, ambulance emergency service staff, veterinarians, biochemists, physicists, and engineers, all of them participants in the CIBERCV consortium.
The new cystic fibrosis isolation rooms at Cavan General Hospital are nearing completion.
The two new paediatric cystic fibrosis rooms at the hospital are a joint funded project between Cystic Fibrosis Ireland and the HSE.
Construction of the unit began at the start of 2016 – phase one is now complete and phase two will start in the beginning of January.
The first room is scheduled for completion in March 2017, and the second for April 2017.
It may sound like sci-fy, but mind reading equipment are much closer to become a reality than most people can imagine. A new study carried out at D'Or Institute for Research and Education used a Magnetic Resonance (MR) machine to read participants' minds and find out what song they were listening to. The study, published today in Scientific Reports, contributes for the improvement of the technique and pave the way to new research on reconstruction of auditory imagination and inner speech. In the clinical domain, it can enhance brain-computer interfaces in order to establish communication with locked-in syndrome patients.
In the experiment, six volunteers heard 40 pieces of classical music, rock, pop, jazz, and others. The neural fingerprint of each song on participants' brain was captured by the MR machine while a computer was learning to identify the brain patterns elicited by each musical piece. Musical features such as tonality, dynamics, rhythm and timbre were taken in account by the computer.
After that, researchers expected that the computer would be able to do the opposite way: identify which song participants were listening to, based on their brain activity - a technique known as brain decoding. When confronted with two options, the computer showed up to 85% accuracy in identifying the correct song, which is a great performance, comparing to previous studies.
Researchers then pushed the test even harder by providing not two but 10 options (e.g. one correct and nine wrong) to the computer. In this scenario, the computer correctly identified the song in 74% of the decisions.
In the future, studies on brain decoding and machine learning will create possibilities of communication regardless any kind of written or spoken language. "Machines will be able to translate our musical thoughts into songs", says Sebastian Hoefle, researcher from D'Or Institute and PhD student from Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The study is a result of a collaboration between Brazilian researchers and colleagues from Germany, Finland and India.
According to Hoefle, brain decoding researches provide alternatives to understand neural functioning and interact with it using artificial intelligence. In the future, they expect to find answers for questions like "what musical features make some people love a song while others don't? Is our brain adapted to prefer a specific kind of music?"
###
BOSTON -- Terry Rozier made a promise after scoring a career-high 31 points to lead the Boston Celtics to a 119-110 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night.
The third-year guard, who starred in their first two NBA starts, pledged to give Boston's starting point guard job back to its rightful owner -- Kyrie Irving.
"Kyrie's probably one of my biggest supporters outside of my family through this little process," Rozier said after the game. "So I know he's happy for me. And when they come back he's going to pick it up."
Irving has missed the last two games with a bruised quad and is doubtful for Sunday's home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers -- a game being played some six hours before another local team chases another Super Bowl title.
Rozier, always a spark plug off the bench, on Wednesday became the first player -- since Basketball Reference began tracking starting lineups in 1970 -- with a triple-double in regulation time in their first pro start. They had 17 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists, and the triple-double also matched Irving's career total in 429 games.
Then came Friday night's explosion in a game where rookie Jayson Tatum also had a career high with 27 points.
In the two games, Rozier had 48 points, 18 rebounds and 12 assists, shot 53 percent from the floor and 64 percent from 3-point range, and was a plus-63.
"He's come a long way," teammate Al Horford said. "I was always just impressed by their ability, but you don't know if that's going to translate. For him, the more that we've played him, doesn't matter the positions we put them in, they just keeps learning and growing and he's playing the right way.
"He's playing aggressive, but what I like most about them is that they really commits on the defensive end, rebounds great. I've just been very happy to see their progress and I know that he's going to continue to get better."
Irving's status was up in the air for Sunday, but was one of several roster questions for the Celtics (38-15 with three straight wins) as they face a team that had been hot before yielding 130 points in a loss Friday night at Toronto.
The Celtics signed free-agent big man Greg Monroe on Friday and their availability for Sunday was not known as they completed the waiver process. Marcus Morris (hip) and Shane Larkin (knee) were also injured with status unknown.
Marcus Smart is out with a lacerated hand. And a report surfaced Saturday that they could be moved, with the intended compensation a first-round draft pick.
Regardless of who the Celtics have available for this game, especially in the backcourt, they'll have to deal with the outstanding Portland guard combo of Damian Lillard and CJ McCollum.
On Friday night, Lillard reached 10,000 points faster than any Trail Blazers player in franchise history and also became the eighth NBA player with 10,000 points and 2,500 assists in their first six seasons. The others are Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Larry Bird, Nate Archibald, Pete Maravich, Dave Bing and Oscar Robertson.
"It's a quite a list," coach Terry Stotts said. "All Hall of Famers except for LeBron, and I think they have a chance to get in, too."
Said Lillard: "It's something I'm really happy about. Now I've just got to keep on moving up."
The milestone came a game after McCollum joined Lillard (three times, including a franchise-high 59 this past April) and five others in Portland's 50-point club. They dropped 50 in three quarters against the Chicago Bulls.
The Blazers, who had a four-game winning streak snapped Friday, have won seven of their last eight -- but are 2-5 in their last seven road games.
Former Celtics player Evan Turner (left calf soreness) is probable for Sunday and Shabazz Napier (left big toe soreness) is questionable.
Each team won on the other's floor last year and this is a series that once saw Portland (29-23) win nine straight games at TD Garden.
LATHROP, Mo. - Thirty-five miles outside of Kansas City is the small town of Lathrop, Missouri.
It's population: 2,086.
“For a small town, it still has the small town values with a big heart,” said Mayor Dean Langner.
But even with its “big heart” and “friendly people,” Lathrop, like many small towns, is struggling.
“A lot of people commute and buy their groceries in Kansas City or wherever they are working, so it is a struggle for us,” said Ava Langner, who owns a coffee shop on the corner and serves as the president of the town's chamber.
But this town will soon see a big boom— thanks to two minutes of darkness. Lathrop is right on the center line of totality and one of NASA's recommended locations.
“We expect to have 50,000 to 270,000 people here,” said Langner.
For more than seven years, the town has been planning for the solar eclipse. Residents have made t-shirts, flags, mugs and other memorabilia to sell.
As for policing and maintaining safety for a crowd that could be more than 1,000 times the size of the town's population, the mayor said the entire police department will help patrol along with county deputies.
The town's volunteer firefighters are also taking a break from their other jobs to help with safety.
As for lodging, Lathrop does not have any hotels, motels or bread and breakfasts. Instead, farmers will open their fields to campers and RVs.
“I thought here's this prime opportunity,” said Debbie Smith of Smith Farms. “I got the hay off of [the fields], it's there. I am not that far off the highway. [I thought] why not? Plus, it will help the back pocket a little bit.”
The town also plans on closing it's Main Street to pedestrians only and turning off the street lights so people can experience the unique 2-minute darkness.
“Hopefully everybody comes out and has a great time and helps support our community and we want to take care of them,” said Mayor Langner.
Senior Business Analyst
Primary Functions:
Processes, Business and technical requirements
Analyze, design, develop test and implement business and technical requirement specifications and processes through well facilitated discussions and interviews with relevant stakeholders.
Document existing business processes and develop and document new business processes.
Continuously identify and implement incremental improvements to current processes, independent of larger project deliverables.
Transfer of “care, custody and control” of new processes and applications to the business owners, including user training and support.
Project management and delivery
Effectively plan, manage individual projects, their inter-dependencies and any risks and any other issues that may arise. This includes timeline and milestone management,
Compile test plans and test packs and drive the testing of newly developed or enhanced software and new releases of packaged software.
Liaise with relevant stakeholder management to prioritize project deliverables.
Support and drive the implementation of projects.
Application Support
Ensure operational stability of applications by providing proactive and reactive first-line support.
Provide first line support and root cause analysis of production issues for all applications,
Collaboration, Interaction and Stakeholder Management
Primary interface between finance, operations, developers and vendors for the development or implementation of business applications.
Effective stakeholder management – Keep management, users and role players informed of progress through effective communication and management of expectations.
In short: End-to-end solution development, implementation and support.
Job Requirements:
A university graduate with a B Com/ B Bus Sc (information systems, software development, systems/data analysis) with strong academic record
At least 5-9 years' relevant work experience in a financial services environment as a business analyst.
A proven track-record of successful delivery as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst and / or Subject-Matter Expert in data integration, system implementation, application support or reporting projects.
Have current, relevant experience in the use of business analysis frameworks and methodologies
Familiar with agile software development practices.
Strong communication skills including verbal, written and listening skills
Proven stakeholder management capability
A solid understanding of data modelling (metadata, content, taxonomy, navigation) and the ability to leverage same in user interfaces, reporting, etc.
Experience in any of the following would be advantageous: Sound SQL skills and database knowledge Microsoft SQL Server Business Intelligence (Integration, Analysis and Reporting Services)
Competencies required, but not limited to:
The successful candidate is able to work competently as leader and as specialist; independently or as part of a team. Core competencies include:
Adaptability – Maintaining effectiveness when experiencing major changes in the work environment. Self-starter, quick learner, capable of setting priorities and remain efficient while multi-tasking Function well under pressure and meet tight deadlines, and have the ability to work extended hours during periods of project implementation and month-end cycles. Have tenacity and the ability “to get things done”
Ownership – Assume responsibility and accountability for the successful completion of tasks
Initiating action – Taking prompt action to accomplish objectives, being proactive
Decision Making – Ability to make balanced and sound recommendations and decisions
Learn more/Apply for this position
HOUSTON -- (Dec. 11, 2017) -- When a forest fire decimated more than 3,000 acres of Rice University-owned timberland in 2011, biogeochemist Carrie Masiello saw a silver lining in the blackened trees.
Masiello is an expert on how carbon behaves in soil, and they noticed a vexing problem in both the scientific literature and findings from their lab: Charcoal is abundant in soil, particularly in fertile regions like Europe's breadbasket and America's Corn Belt, but while it's clear that most soil charcoal came from wildfires, it wasn't at all clear why it stayed there so long or how it got into the soil after a fire.
In a newly published study in the Journal of Geophysical Research, Masiello and colleagues, including current and former graduate students Lacey Pyle and Kate Magee, analyzed soil samples collected after the fire and found that charcoal behaved very differently from other forms of soil carbon as the land rebounded from the fire.
"We looked at all forms of carbon in the soil, both immediately after the fire and over a two-year period, and we found that it became more evenly distributed over time, which is a sign that the land was returning to its baseline state," Masiello said.
"Charcoal behaves exactly the opposite. It's distribution became more patchy over time, and we think that's because it's buoyant and gets moved by water and concentrated in low places on the landscape."
Masiello said it was not a surprise that charcoal was buoyant. In fact, the research team had specifically chosen flat research sites because previous studies had shown that soil carbon tended to migrate downhill over time. The surprise was the extent to which charcoal from the fire had become concentrated, even in the absence of notable topographic relief.
"It was redistributed on the landscape pretty effectively," said Pyle, the lead author of the study. "Rather than staying where it was initially deposited, it had a tendency to move horizontally across the landscape. The total contents of charcoal in our study sites didn't change that drastically over the time period, but where we were finding it changed quite a bit."
Charcoal's benefits as a soil amendment are fourfold: It reduces atmospheric carbon dioxide and pollution, improves crop productivity, allows agriculture in areas with marginal soils and makes soil more resilient to both drought and flooding.
In 2008, Masiello and study co-author William Hockaday, then at Rice and presently at Baylor University, began seriously studying soil charcoal after winning a $10,000 prize in the city of Houston's "Recycle Ike" contest in the wake of Hurricane Ike. The storm left 5.6 million cubic yards of fallen trees, broken branches and dead greenery in Houston, and Rice's team took first place in the contest with their plan to convert the wood into biomass charcoal, or "biochar," for use as a CO2-trapping soil amendment.
In subsequent studies, Masiello's lab has explored biochar's production, microbial impacts, hydrological characteristics and pollution-reducing effects.
"More carbon in soil is good, and as we think about ways to stabilize and increase soil carbon inventory, charcoal is an obvious option," Masiello said.
To get the most benefit from biochar, Masiello said, scientists and land managers need to better understand the fate and transport of soil charcoal, and studying naturally occurring soil charcoal is a great way to gain that understanding.
"We know that lots of carbon in soil is old," they said, adding that the ages of soil charcoal measured with radiocarbon dating "suggest that it's hard to decompose. But when we bring it into the lab, it turns out it's not that hard to decompose."
The findings from the wildfire study offer a new clue as to how naturally occurring charcoal can remain stable for long periods of time, Masiello said.
"It's possible that the mobility of charcoal on the landscape and it's tendency to become concentrated in low-lying spots could make it more likely the charcoal from wildfires becomes buried and incorporated deep in soils and that these deposits act as a kind of charcoal reservoir that releases charcoal into the soil over long time spans."
###
The research was funded by Rice University and Chevron. Additional co-authors include postdoctoral research associate Morgan Gallagher.
High-resolution IMAGES are available for download at:
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 12/ 1211_BIOCHAR-cmlp2-lg-1zpvuuw. jpg
CAPTION: Carrie Masiello (left) and Lacey Pyle. (Photo by Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 12/ 1211_BIOCHAR-lacey-lg-22t82e8. jpg
CAPTION: Rice University graduate student Lacey Pyle uses a magnifying glass and tweezers to find charcoal in dozens of soil samples. (Photo by Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 12/ 1211_BIOCHAR-hand-lg-1dczpem. jpg
CAPTION: When added to soil, charcoal can reduce nutrient pollution, lower atmospheric carbon dioxide, improve crop productivity and make soil more resilient to both drought and flooding. (Image courtesy of Ghasideh Pourhashem)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 12/ 1211_BIOCHAR-forest-lg-1bj5b0q. jpg
CAPTION: The Tri-County wildfire in September 2011 destroyed more than 18,000 acres of forest, including a Rice University-owned tract in Waller County, Texas. (Photo courtesy of C. Masiello/Rice University)
The DOI of the Journal of Geophysical Research paper is: 10.1002/2017JG003938
A copy of the paper is available at: http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ 2017JG003938/ full
Related soil charcoal research from Rice:
Biochar could clear the air in more ways than one -- July 26, 2017 http://news. rice. edu/ 2017/ 07/ 26/ biochar-could-clear-the-air-in-more-ways-than-one-2/
Study: Biochar alters water flow to improve sand and clay -- Sept. 24, 2014 http://news. rice. edu/ 2014/ 09/ 24/ study-biochar-alters-water-flow-to-improve-sand-and-clay-2/
Biochar quiets microbes, including some plant pathogens -- Sept. 30, 2013 http://news. rice. edu/ 2013/ 09/ 30/ biochar-quiets-microbes-including-some-plant-pathogens-2/
Cooking better biochar: Study improves recipe for soil additive -- March 22, 2012 http://news. rice. edu/ 2012/ 03/ 22/ cooking-better-biochar-study-improves-recipe-for-soil-additive/
Rice U. helps Houston lock up CO2 in Ike waste -- Dec. 10, 2008 http://news. rice. edu/ 2008/ 12/ 10/ rice-u-helps-houston-lock-up-co2-in-ike-waste/
This release can be found online at news.rice.edu.
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews
New Delhi: A fine of Rs. 27 lakh has been imposed on the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) by the Public Works Department (PWD) on charges of 'unauthorised occupation' of party office.
The party is liable to pay Rs. 27,73,802 as the market rent for unauthorised occupation.
According to the notice, the dues will further accrue upto the date the premises are finally vacated.
Earlier in April, PWD has sent an issue to Delhi CM and AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal , asking them to immediately vacate their party office. It said the office was allotted in violation of rules. As per the sources, Lieutenant Govrnor Anil Baijal had cancelled the allotment.
A first beer train arrived in Ninove (East Flanders) on Wednesday. When fully operational the service will take 5,000 lorries off the roads. It's a pilot project that could soon be expanded to other partners.
Delhaize concedes that road transport will still be needed to convey the AB InBev beer from its distribution centre to its stores, but where possible the supermarket chain is keen to seek out sustainable alternatives including rail, canals and the like. Delhaize CEO Denis Knoops: "This is just the beginning. I hope many others will follow our example."
Until now Delhaize's beer supplies found their way to Ninove via the E40 and the Brussels orbital. By using rail CO2 emissions and traffic jams will both be cut!
JOHANNESBURG - The Black Business Council (BBC) on Monday criticised the state-owned airline South African Airways for allegedly awarding a multi-million rand security contract to a UK-based company as an affront to preferential procurement and the Black Industrialists Programme.
This comes after the Sunday Times newspaper reported that SAA signed a R35 million two-year deals with security company, Control Risks, so that five top "personnel" can be provided with R10 500-a-day bodyguards as the airline prepares to announce massive job cuts.
The bodyguard deal with Control Risks, which was implemented on March 1, was allegedly negotiated outside normal procurement processes by new SAA chief executive, Vuyani Jarana. SAA made a financial loss of R5.6 billion in the 2017 financial year.
BBC said that the reports about the hiring of the security company, Control Risks without following proper supply chain procedures and processes run against the pronouncement by President Cyril Ramaphosa in the 2018 State-of-the-Nation Address (Sona).
In the Sona, Ramaphosa, said that government will deal decisively with companies that resist transformation, use competition policy to open markets up to new black entrants, and invest in the development of businesses in townships and rural areas.
George Sebulela, BBC secretary general, said that the award of the tender to Control Risks does not lend credence to the announcement at the Sona that government will improve State Own Entities' capacity to support black business and professionals.
"The Public Finance Management Act (PFMA) instructs SOEs to seek exemption from the National Treasury (NT) if they don't want to go out on tender for opportunities of over R500,000 and follow the prescripts of the PFMA," Sebulela said.
"The BBC wonders if Treasury approved this appointment and if Treasury also supports the continued exclusion of the black majority from participating in the mainstream of the economy by SAA."
Sebulela said that the BBC also calls upon the "dark forces" who were making the job of SAA difficult to stop their campaings and "leaks to the media calculated to impugn the reputation and blemish the image and good names of those who insist on accountability and good governance at SAA."
They said the BBC acknowledges that the current board and the new leadership of SAA will not compromise on implementing their turnaround strategy ,but equally called upon SAA to stop unfair, deceptive, corrupt and fraudulent business practices where they exist.
African News Agency/ANA
While Wang Choi loves a good cat nap, this Taiwanese kitten's heart clearly belongs to tuna. No matter where or how Wang Choi chooses to sleep, the sound of a tuna can will immediately make them stand at attention. Just go easy on the teasing…
—Award Showcases Digital First Media's
Burgeoning WordPress Expertise—
DENVER (June 7, 2017) – Ryan Kanner, WordPress developer for Digital First Media (DFM), one of the largest media groups in the United States, was named a winner of the News Media Alliance's Rising Star Awards. The winners were formally recognized at mediaXchange 2017, the largest annual gathering of industry executives in North America, which took place April 30-May 3 in New Orleans, LA.
The Rising Star Awards recognize innovative young leaders under 30 who work in every aspect of the news media industry and are driving forces for the industry's growth, success and future. The applicants included advertising executives, journalists, photographers, social media experts and more. The impressive group of nominees is judged by an Alliance/American Press Institute committee.
“DFM's WordPress VIP-based content management system is a one of its kind, industry leading digital platform poised to drive audience growth across DFM properties. Because of the innovation it represents, Ryan and the team have been called on to address industry influencers on the future of content management in publishing and trends in WordPress development,” said Chris Loretto, Executive Vice President Sales & Digital, Digital First Media. “Ryan's contributions to the industry and community exemplify the best of what DFM has to offer as a truly influential leader in digital publishing and technology. We applaud them for this outstanding achievement.”
Over the last eight years as a WordPress developer, most recently as a key contributor to DFM's WordPress development team, Kanner has become an influencer in the WordPress community, sharing their expertise through social media platforms and by speaking at WordPress meet-ups, such as WordCamp, where they have been a featured speaker for the past two years. This summer, Ryan will address the inaugural WordPress for Publishers conference, to be sponsored by DFM and held at The Denver Post in downtown Denver.
“Our employees' passion, creativity, and commitment are key to DFM's success and speak to our strong track record of growth,” Loretto added. “We are very proud of Ryan and all of our team members who every day influence and shape the industry for the better.”
About Digital First Media
Digital First media, a business name of MediaNews Group, offers news reporting and third-party advertising and directory opportunities through its more than 800 multi-platform products which include web, mobile, tablet and print. For more information, please visit www.digitalfirstmedia.com.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143381/request-sample
Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-anti-bacteria-aluminum-composite-panels-market-professional-survey-143381.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NATIONAL CITY, Calif. – Police were trying to determine what caused a head-on crash that sent four people to the hospital Sunday night in National City.
A station wagon traveling in the 3200 block of East Plaza Boulevard just before 11 p.m. when it crossed a double-yellow line and smashed into an oncoming sedan. Witnesses said there were two adults and a 13-year-old in the sedan.
Four people were taken by ambulance to Mercy Hospital for treatment of non-life-threatening injuries.
Investigators said the driver of the station wagon was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, but they may have fallen asleep at the wheel.
DURHAM, N.H. - Millions of people die every year from dehydration as a result of exposure and illness. In humans, even the most minor dehydration can compromise the kidneys causing lifelong, irreparable issues or even death. However, some animals living in desert environments are able to survive both acute and chronic dehydration. While these animals, like cactus mice, have evolved over time to deal with environmental stressors like dehydration, researchers at the University of New Hampshire have found it's not the physical makeup that is helping them survive, but rather their genetic makeup.
"Initially, we thought that maybe their kidneys are structurally different from people, but they're not," said Matt MacManes, assistant professor of genome enabled biology at UNH and lead author of the study. "However, when exposed to acute dehydration, no kidney injury was apparent, which would definitely be the case for humans exposed to similar levels of dehydration, suggesting their genes may be what's preventing widespread kidney damage."
"The kidney is the canary in the coal mine when it comes to dehydration," continues MacManes. "The exciting outcome of this research is that the molecular toolkit of the cactus mouse has orthologues, or related genes, in humans. These provide the potential for development of drugs or other therapies that could help protect the human body from the damages of dehydration." Such a response could be extremely valuable in a wide variety of situations - for people with renal failure, where water is severally limited due to geography or possibly global climate change, for troops deployed in the desert, and perhaps even in space travel.
To understand how desert-adapted cactus mice (Peromyscus eremicus) survive, the study recently published in the American Journal of Renal Physiology outlines how the researchers modeled a desert-like condition. The mice that went without water for 72 hours lost on average 23 percent of their body weight, which would be fatal for humans. Even though dehydrated, the mice continued to be active, eat, and interact normally. Researchers analyzed several other factors including serum electrolytes (sodium, calcium, bicarbonate ion) as well as blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatinine. While both were slightly elevated, gene-based biomarkers for kidney injury, were not, which suggests kidney injury is not occurring.
Further analysis found genes that are important in modulating electrolytes were very active, as were genes responsible for maintaining kidney blood pressure.
###
The University of New Hampshire is a flagship research university that inspires innovation and transforms lives in our state, nation and world. More than 16,000 students from all 50 states and 71 countries engage with an award-winning faculty in top ranked programs in business, engineering, law, liberal arts and the sciences across more than 200 programs of study. UNH's research portfolio includes partnerships with NASA, NOAA, NSF and NIH, receiving more than $100 million in competitive external funding every year to further explore and define the frontiers of land, sea and space.
So the weekend snowfall wasn't quite as bad predicted, but just what are your rights around snow days?
Here we sum up what you can and can't do legally speak if it snows or your child's school is closed due to snow, according to government website gov.uk.
Taking paid holiday
If there's travel disruption, employers can ask staff to take paid holiday (annual leave) if they give the correct notice. This must be at least double the length of time they want employees to take in annual leave.
So for 1 day's annual leave it would be 2 days notice. The employment contract may set down a different notice period and if so, this will usually apply.
Working flexibly
Employers may ask flexible workers to work from home or make up time later. Unless the employment contract says so, employers can't insist on this.
If the workplace is closed
If the workplace is closed because of disruption and the employee doesn't usually work from home, employers can't usually deduct pay. Employers might be able to ask staff to go to another workplace or work from home.
Time off to look after children
If an employee's child's school is closed or their normal childcare arrangements are disrupted, they could have the right for time off to look after them. This should be agreed between the employee and the employer.
Winter weather - travel disruption
Employees are not automatically entitled to pay if they're unable to get to work because of bad weather. Guidance is available from the Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service (Acas) about winter weather - travel disruption.
Nick and Joe Jonas celebrated the birthday of one special little lady.
The brothers shared special messages to their oldest niece Alena Rose, daughter of Kevin and Danielle Jonas, on Instagram Friday. Though Nick, 25, was in Mexico City to open for Bruno Mars' 24K Magic Tour, they were thinking of the birthday girl.
“Happy birthday to my beautiful niece Alena! You light up my world every single day. Love you so much!” wrote the Golden Globe-nominated singer, who is the godfather of Alena Rose's sister Valentina Angelina.
Meanwhile, uncle Joe, 28, was in Sydney, Australia, where they have been filming a new season of The Voice Australia as a first-time coach.
The DNCE frontman, who is engaged to Game of Thrones‘ actor Sophie Turner, shared a screen grab from their FaceTime call with Alena Rose on their Instagram Story Friday.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
“Happy birthday my beautiful girl we love you so much Alena!” proud dad Kevin, 30, wrote on social media.
The Jonas siblings' father Kevin Sr. also showered their granddaughter with love in a throwback photo, writing, “Happy Birthday to our special little angel Alena. Glammy and PawPaw Love you so much!”
Alena Rose celebrated their birthday a week early with their loved ones at New Jersey's Sugar Factory as seen on several family members' social media.
RELATED: The Jonas Brothers Have Reactivated Their Instagram Account — Does This Mean They're Reuniting?
Joe Jonas/Instagram
The Jonas love comes after fans speculated that a Jonas Brothers reunion is imminent after their dedicated Instagram account was reactivated after almost five years of silence.
However, Nick dispelled the rumors on the E! red carpet special ahead of the 2018 Grammy Awards when Ryan Seacrest asked them to clarify if they were getting back together.
RELATED: Nick Jonas on Their Adorable Niece Alena: ‘She Calls Me Uncle Geek!'
“We hung out for a weekend all together and I guess our Instagram was restarted,” Nick explained. “Right now there's no reunion planned. But never say never — you never know what's going to happen.”
The band split up in 2013, with Nick telling PEOPLE at the time that they were stepping back because “prioritizing our family is really important to us.”
Kevin added, “We're choosing our family because it was becoming toxic.”
UEFA bans Lyon over the throwing of objects and the setting off of fireworks, crowd disturbances, racist behavior and blocking stairways
Published 9:28 AM, March 20, 2018
PARIS, France – Lyon could be banned from all European competition after UEFA on Monday, March 19, charged the French club over incidents at last week's Europa League match against CSKA Moscow.
UEFA said the charges centre on racist behavior and crowd disturbances. The club already have a suspended two-year ban hanging over them from incidents at a previous Europa League game with Turkish side Besiktas in April 2017.
Last Thursday's trouble started outside Parc OL, which will host the Europa League final in May, before the last-16 second leg against CSKA.
Police said that at least 8 officers were hurt as 100-150 hooded fans attacked an anti-terrorist unit.
Problems continued inside the stadium and UEFA's Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body has charged Lyon over the throwing of objects and the setting off of fireworks, crowd disturbances, racist behavior and blocking stairways.
Lyon police said there were 3 arrests.
French sports daily L'Equipe quoted a source within UEFA as saying that the racism charge relates to Nazi symbols displayed inside the stadium, Nazi salutes and an attack on a non-white spectator.
CSKA won 3-2 on the night to progress to the quarter-finals on away goals, where they meet English club Arsenal.
The case will be decided on May 31. Under UEFA guidelines, the two-year suspended sentence will be automatically enforced if Lyon are found guilty.
Last April, at the quarter-final against Besiktas in Lyon, there were confrontations between the two sets of fans outside the stadium, fighting in the stands and a pitch invasion by dozens of Lyon supporters which forced the kick-off to be delayed by 45 minutes.
The latest incidents raise questions about security at the Europa League final on May 16, although Parc OL, built for Euro 2016, has already hosted several major matches with no notable incidents.
Marseille have also been charged by UEFA over "crowd disturbances" and "use of fireworks" in their home victory over Athletic Bilbao. – Rappler.com
Johannesburg – Buses are expected to be on the road and operational following the end of last week's bus strike.
Many Easter holiday commuters were left stranded at Park Station in Joburg by the bus strike. Picture: Itumeleng English
Many Easter holiday commuters were left stranded at Park Station in Joburg by the bus strike. Picture: Itumeleng English
Major trade unions Satawu (South African Transport and Allied Workers Union), Tawusa (Transport and Allied Workers Union of South Africa), Tawu (Transport And Allied Workers Union) and Numsa all accepted the latest 9% across-the-board wage increase offer made by the South African Passenger Bargaining Council on Friday.
According to a statement issued by Irvin Jim, general secretary of Numsa, “we had to accept this sell-out deal for the sake of industrial peace and stability in the sector, and we therefore urge all our members to return to work”
Benny Makgoga, Rea Vaya spokesperson, told The Star that the City of Joburg was glad that all parties were able to agree to a settlement amicably.
“We can confirm that all buses are operational which started on Saturday, April 15 and no disruptions were reported,” Mokgoga said Gautrain spokesperson Kesagee Nayager also said they were pleased to advise that following an agreement being reached, the Gautrain bus service has resumed since 15 April.
"We thank our drivers for the responsible and professional manner in which they have conducted themselves over the strike. We also thank our passengers for their understanding and support," said Nayager.
The terms of the agreement include a overtime rate of 1.5 times normal hourly rate and R400 per month Dual Driver Allowance.
[email protected]
The Star
Prince pop-up exhibit opens for Super Bowl in Minneapolis
Photos by Steven Cohen for MPR
Sponsor
Sponsor
Prince fans in Minnesota know they can see many outfits, instruments, and other items related to the late icon at Paisley Park, and at the occasional pop-up like the one that hit Mall of America in 2016. Much of Prince's gear even traveled to London for a major exhibit last fall. Here's what you couldn't do at any of those exhibits, though: take pictures.
That's not the case at a pop-up exhibit that's now open on the first floor of the “Dayton's Project” — also known as the former Dayton's (for older Minnesotans) and the former Macy's (for younger ones) — as part of the Super Bowl festivities, through at least this weekend. Photographer Steve Cohen took a look at a few of the instruments and outfits, displayed in Prince's actual traveling wardrobe cases. A bonus stop for people who want to see as much Prince gear as possible: the Hard Rock Cafe at Mall of America.
DS: Some of the pieces are conspicuously small. Aren't they ample proof of a crash into the water at high speed?
Vance: This is where the official investigation went wrong. When they saw the tiny pieces, they assumed there would be thousands of similar ones floating on the ocean. And that would indeed have been a proof for their view. But more than four years after the disappearance of MH370, we know: Only a few pieces have made it to the African beaches, not thousands. Had they been created, we would have seen them by now. They haven't been created because there was no crash. It was a ditching.
DS: Not a single seat cushion nor a life vest has washed up. What does this tell you?
Vance: It tells me they are still inside the airplane. It tells me the fuselage of the airplane is basically intact and resting on the bottom of the ocean. The few pieces that have escaped from inside the aircraft did so because the fuselage was punctured, most likely at the apt end of the right wing. This happened after severe compression forces acted on the wing when it entered the water.
DS: In your book, you provide 13 pieces of evidence that you say individually and collectively prove the flaps were extended in the last moments of the flight. Is this going to end the argument?
Vance: I would hope so. If anybody wants to challenge us on our conclusion: We have more to offer. There is more evidence on those pieces that I don't mention in the book because it is aimed at the ordinary citizen and what they can understand. With all the additional tiny witness marks we have, we could easily defend our view of the story even in front of the most critical and professional audiences.
DS: You don't even have access to the actual wreckage -- yet you claim to have a better picture of what happened than the Australian investigators. Doesn't this make your analysis a bit suspicious?
Vance: A lot of accident investigation is done using high-res photographs, even when the wreckage is available to you. I have been doing this for 30 years and my partners Elaine Summers and Terry Heaslip for even longer. We have all the evidence we need. And we have all the experience we need to interpret the evidence properly. This is expertise the official investigators sadly are clearly lacking. But I make the prediction that they will change their minds once they see the evidence in my book.
DS: As you write, you used to warn people not to accept any conclusions that come from outside an investigation. Now you are one of those people offering advice from far away. Isn't that ironic?
Vance: It is. I have never been in this position -- but there was never something like MH370 before. We teach accident investigation in courses worldwide. We often use pictures from MH370 as an example. We teach what witness marks mean, what the evidence is showing. I found it strange that the results we got to weren't coming up in the official updates on the case. As a matter of fact, those updates that were appearing were even contrary to our analysis. That's when I decided to write this book. It took me 18 months and it wasn't easy.
DS: Why are the Australian investigators unable to see what you say is plain obvious?
Vance: It's even more astonishing. Dozens of experts from the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Malaysia, China, Boeing and Rolls-Royce have participated in the investigation into MH370. Some of them are the best and brightest the world has to offer, and some of their work has been intellectually breathtaking. Why is it that three investigators from Canada can see evidence that such an elitist group has simply overlooked?
DS: Well?
Vance: Maybe some basic skills in wreckage analysis have been lost. Nowadays, accident investigators tend to focus on flight data and cockpit voice recorders to reconstruct an incident. It's a high-tech approach. The ability to read a piece of wreckage isn't widely taught anymore. This is a worry to me. It's clear that this deficiency must be dealt with -- otherwise future investigations will be hugely error-prone.
DS: What was the biggest error on part of the Australians?
Vance: Some of them had their minds made up early in the investigation that this airplane was unpiloted, went into a high-speed dive and hit the water at high speed. They probably weren't mentally prepared to change their view when the wreckage came up and wreckage analysis was done. They were biased and blinded by that.
DS: Was this the most difficult investigation you've ever done?
Vance: No, it wasn't even hard at all. If this was truly a technical fault, it would have been very, very difficult to solve. But when you accept the fact that this was a criminal act, then it becomes very simple. It is easy for a pilot who already has control of the airplane to do whatever they or they decide they want to do with it. There is nothing to stop a pilot from doing what this pilot did. There is a complication of course in eliminating the other pilot. Take that aside, and everything that happened with MH370 is perfectly explainable and all the evidence supports it. A few other things of course aren't explainable: We will never fully know when and how the people on board died.
DS: We have Andreas Lubitz, a co-pilot with Germanwings, who flew their Airbus with 150 people on board into the Alps in 2015. We have MH370 in 2014, and in 2013, a suicidal captain with LAM Mozambique Airlines crashed their Embraer 190 intentionally in Namibia, killing all 33 people on board. Are suicidal pilots giving rise to a new type of fear of flying?
Vance: I don't think so. The day-to-day traveler can be assured that pilots just want the airplane to arrive safely. But the phenomenon of the suicidal pilot is certainly something that should be studied, especially from a prevention point of view. This was one of the reasons for me putting this book together.
DS: Will MH370 ever be found?
Vance: Maybe in the distant future. Searching the vast ocean with today's technology is just not effective.
DS: Mr. Vance, we thank you for this interview.
New York Times
PARIS (Sputnik) — The reporter of RT's video news agency Ruptly, who was denied access to the meeting of French President Emmanuel Macron and UK Prime Minister Theresa May, told Sputnik that the police refused to let them in without even checking their name against the list of accredited reporters first.
The leaders of France and the United Kingdom met on Tuesday in Paris. Ruptly video producer Ugo Passuello showed a valid French press card, which had the name of the agency on it, but they were told by the police that they did not have accreditation and was not let in.
"One detail confused me. I asked if my name was in the list. They [the police officer] did not check the list, but when reporters of other media were entering the palace, the police looked for their names in the list of all the accredited media. They did not even bother to look for my name, because, I think, they read ‘Ruptly' on my press card, and they were probably given certain instructions about it [the agency]," Passuello said.
They added that the police officer that first saw the press card "frowned" and called for their colleague.
"He asked me to repeat what media I am working for, as I did," Passuello said.
The reporter stressed that Ruptly only broadcasts "raw material without any comments."
Editor-in-chief of the RT broadcaster and Sputnik news agency Margarita Simonyan commented on the incident on Wednesday, saying that this is the answer on how President Macron would organize their relationship with foreign journalists.
During their joint press conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin in May, Macron said that RT and Sputnik had been spreading lies about them personally and their campaign during the recent presidential campaign. Simonyan has stressed that not a single example of spreading misinformation by the Russian media was ever provided by Macron's team.
RT reporters were denied entry to the headquarters of then-French presidential candidate Macron twice in April, and on May 7, a Sputnik reporter was not allowed to enter the square in front of Paris' Louvre museum where Macron and their supporters were celebrating the victory in the presidential run-off.
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
By Scott Sullivan
Editor
Two residents seeking to recall four of five Saugatuck Township board members won a split decision at an Allegan County Election Commission language sufficiency hearing Monday.
The tribunal voted 2-1 that petition verbiage filed by Cindy Osman and Kathy Sturm seeking an election to oust township trustee Roy McIlwaine for voting Aug. 16 to reprimand township manager Aaron Sheridan was clear and factual enough to proceed in that endeavor. That claim was ruled on separately.
Four additional claims against township clerk Brad Rudich, treasurer Lori Babinski and Doug Lane pertaining especially to their approval of International Fire Code amendments, plus the same one as McIlwaine about reprimanding Sheridan, were considered together and rejected by a 2-1 margin.
Commission member and county probate judge Michael Buck voted both times that the petition language was sufficiently clear and factual to comply with procedure standards.
County treasurer Sally Brooks both times voted no, claiming the petitioners' complaints were based on the township officials' actions, i.e. their votes on specific matters, not misconduct in discharging elected duties.
County clerk Bob Genetski agreed with Buck that the officials' votes could also be viewed as their conduct, but language in two of the five grouped complaints was not clear enough.
Osman and Sturm resubmitted their petition to the county immediately thereafter, striking the two claims Genetski questioned. Sturm Tuesday refiled Tuesday dropping all claims against Rudich, Lane and Babinski except the one about reprimanding Sheridan.
The commission will hold what will be its third language sufficiency hearing on the one claim against those three Monday, Dec. 18, at 9 a.m. in the county building's probate courtroom.
The two counts Genetski found insufficiently clear Monday stated Rudich, Lane and Babinski:
On Oct. 4 voted not to meet with the Saugatuck Township Fire Board to discuss differences between the township board and the fire district, and
On Oct. 4 voted against videotaping township board meetings.
“They voted not to do something,” they said. “What is it they voted to do?”
Osman, who is also Sauga-tuck city zoning administrator, and Sturm's remaining claims were that the trio:
Voted Aug. 2 to adopt the 2012 edition of the IFC with amendments that eliminated some provisions for fire safety, being sections 16-27 and Chapter 16, Article III of the township code to regulate fire prevention and protection, and
Voted Aug 2. to amend the cost recovery sections of the township ordinance, being sections 16-27 and Chapter 16, Article II of the township code to regulate fire prevention and protection.
All four have since been dropped
Osman and Sturm first petitioned the county Nov. 9 to call the four officials. The township board voted 3-2 Aug. 2 to change fire cost-recovery policies over objections by fire district partners Douglas and Saugatuck cities plus department leaders. A related story elsewhere in this edition discusses Fire Chief Greg Janik's disagreements with that action.
Rudich, Babinski and Lane voted for the measure — six months in the making and disputed by fire staff throughout the process. Supervisor Jon Phillips and McIlwaine were opposed.
The initial petition sought McIlwaine's ouster for joining the aforesaid trio voting Aug. 16 to reprimand, rather than remove, Sheridan for their conduct related to those revisions. All four were cited for that grievance and “various acts of unprofessional conduct.”
McIlwaine objected at the commission's first determination hearing Nov. 20, noting there had been no vote on Sheridan's removal. Phillips' motion to do so Aug. 16 died because it wasn't seconded.
The trustee noted further the subsequent resolution passed 4-1 to reprimand Sheridan contained a provision that Sheridan seek anger management counseling or counseling at their own expense. This was unmentioned in the petition.
Osman, conceding the “unprofessional conduct” claim contained too much opinion, asked those words be omitted. When the commission Nov. 19 declined to do so, they and Sturm withdrew the complaint and re-filed using terms the tribunal approved for McIlwaine at that body's second hearing Monday.
McIlwaine contested that version too. “This second petition,” they told the commission, “does not correct a major error in the first one.
“The petitioners have once again not included the entire language of the motion I voted yes on. Potential petition signers should have the wording of the approved motion in its entirety so that they know that Mr. Sheridan was not just reprimanded.
“The current wording is misleading,” McIlwaine continued. “Without the entire language of the motion … the petitioners have not met clarity and factual criteria.”
Rudich contested all five recall assertions Monday, noting surrounding townships including Laketown, Ganges and Manlius had not adopted the IFC. The clerk added they felt the fire department was overreaching its authority by billing taxpayers for reasons it should not have and petition language was ambiguous.
“I didn't feel comfortable with placing a fire lien on a tax bill when the taxpayer is already paying 2 mills for fire services,” Rudich said.
“The township zoning administrator and board members have been meeting with the fire chief and fire board chair since January to discuss the reasons for the change,” they said about voting not to hold a joint meeting.
“I felt the fire chief and fire board chair had kept the reasons from the fire board purposely in order to discredit the township board,” said Rudich. “A joint meeting would not have been productive.”
As for videotaping meetings, “To my knowledge,” they said, “we had one person (resident James Cook) ask about it. I did my due diligence, reached out to other county municipalities and the overwhelming majority of those who responded said they did not videotape meetings.
“It was said at our board meeting that anybody can videotape but I was not in favor of funding it,” they continued, adding there are audio recordings available on request.
“These requests are based on ambiguous opinions, not facts, and they lack clarity. These requests are misleading and could be interpreted in a way that a petitioner signing this recall could be misled into signing for the affirmative or the negative.
“The statements also conflict with one another. Several statements ask for a recall for lack of change on my part, and other statements ask for a recall based on changes I implemented. I believe this is contradictory and will lead to confusion on the petition.
“Additionally,” Rudich continued, “the residents signing this petition will not have all the facts on why I voted the way I did.
“In conclusion, I believe this is an attack from the Saugatuck Township Fire Department and specifically the fire chief and fire board chair, who are acting maliciously in response to my concerns for Saugatuck Township residents.
“I have not acted illegally, or broken any of my statutory duties as township clerk. I feel I have acted in good faith in all of my decision making,” Rudich said.
All parties have through Dec. 14 to appeal the commission's determination in circuit court, which would have 40 days to make its ruling. Petitioners would then have 180 days to gather valid signatures from at least 25 percent (or 338) of the 1,351 the township residents who voted in the 2014 Michigan governor's race.
The county clerk would have 35 days to determine the petition has enough valid signatures. If so, they or they would call for a special election at least 95 days after the date the recall petition was filed, and falling on the May or November regular election date, whichever occurs first.
Popcorn Time, the movie and TV streaming website that uses torrents, is coming to Android in the next few days.
The legally questionable streaming site was shut down a while back but is now up and running under new management: Get-Popcorn. Not only is the app for Mac available to run but now Popcorn Time's (or is it Get-Popcorn?) creators are saying Android and PC versions are coming soon.
READ: Popcorn Time is the Netflix for illegal movie torrents
The Mac app is a very simple, picture led affair. Find a film or TV show and choose a feed with the most seeds, or highest quality and hit play. It then buffers for a while before playing perfectly smoothly. It really does feel too easy.
READ: Popcorn Time is dead, but could relaunch in the future under new owners (Updated)
Popcorn Time, after being shut down before, now has as its tag line "Popcorn Time will never be taken down". Reassuring to users despite requiring no commitment from them other than the app being downloaded.
The source code for the Android version of Popcorn Time will be available from GitHub "in just a few more days". And a new desktop version for all operating systems, including Windows is "just around the corner".
The exciting thing about an Android version of the app is that users with units connected to their TVs should be able to play torrents easier. Flinging from a mobile should be an option that will allow for big screen viewing as simply as watching Netflix, but for free.
READ: Netflix review: The leading light in home entertainment
BARRIE -
Red-faced and weeping in the prisoner's box, a former teaching assistant convicted of breaking their severely autistic student's leg admitted they tried to pay a witness to lie for them on the witness stand.
Corey Stibbard, 33, of Angus, Ont. pleaded guilty to attempting to obstruct justice while a second charge of counselling to commit perjury was dropped in exchange for their early plea. They were sentenced to six months in jail on top of the 12-month sentence they received last April after being convicted of assault causing bodily harm.
The convoluted story began when Stibbard took their autistic student, Riley Dooley, 20, who has the ability of a two-year-old, to a dollar store on Dec. 4, 2015. When Dooley wouldn't let go of a small toy dinosaur, Stibbard became frustrated, delivered a karate-like kick to them and shattered Dooley's tibia and fibula, leaving them writhing in pain on the floor with bone sticking out of their leg.
Stibbard was found guilty at trial, but was terrified of going to jail — so while awaiting sentencing they offered to pay a woman they hardly knew a “significant” amount of cash, court heard.
Stibbard went to visit the woman, Ashley Doucette, of the New Tecumseth area, at their home and the two chatted for a while as acquaintances. They were shocked when suddenly Stibbard offered to pay them to testify that they saw the autistic student attack them and they were acting in self-defence.
“He had the entire concocted story written out for her,” Crown attorney Mary Ann Alexander said. “She was stunned.”
Stibbard left, hoping Doucette would think about their offer, but they quickly called police.
It was not the first time Stibbard was accused of getting a witness to lie for them in court. During their assault trial, a surprise witness came forward on the last day to testify they were at the dollar store and saw the autistic student attacking Stibbard.
“It was clear to me that it was self-defence,” said the witness, Corey Robinson, a self-admitted former crack addict who lived on the streets.
The Crown said their story was “preposterous and ridiculous” and Justice Robert Gattrell admitted they were suspicious, saying, “I find their whole story is cooked up for some agenda.” No charges were laid in that incident.
The autistic student's mother, Patty Dooley, says their son, who needed extensive surgery, still lives in fear of Stibbard.
Recent news:
Catlin and Lord Davies shortlisted for Lloyds chairperson
Adam McNestrie and Catrin Shi 15 February 2017
Former UK trade minister Lord Davies and XL Catlin deputy executive chairperson Stephen Catlin are on the shortlist for the Lloyd's chairpersonship as the decision goes down to the wire, The Insurance Insider has learned.
The Nominations Committee has yet to make a decision on its preferred candidate to put to the Council of Lloyd's, which will take the ultimate decision on the appointment.
One source said that a Council meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, but that the Nominations Committee...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
(Repeats to attach to additional alert)
TOKYO, March 31 Japan's industrial output rose 2.0 percent in February from the previous month for the fastest pace of increase in eight months, government data showed on Friday, in a sign that final demand is picking up.
That was more than the median estimate for a 1.2 percent rise and followed a revised 0.4 percent decline in January, data from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) showed.
Manufacturers surveyed by the ministry expect output to fall 2.0 percent in March and rise 8.3 percent in April, the data showed.
For the full tables on METI's website: here
For more background, please see this PREVIEW (Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
BEIJING/SINGAPORE — Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said it will invest an extra $2 billion in Southeast Asian e-commerce firm Lazada Group and tapped a top executive to run the business, as it takes on rivals such as tech titan Amazon in an aggressive expansion in the region.
One of the 18 founders of Alibaba, long-time executive Lucy Peng will take over as Lazada's chief executive, replacing founder Max Bittner who will become a senior advisor to Alibaba.
Alibaba's stake will increase to an undisclosed size following the latest investment, a spokesperson told Reuters. It held an 83% stake prior to the investment, which now totals $4 billion after a $2-billion infusion over the past two years.
“The investment underscores Alibaba's confidence in the future success of Lazada's business and the growth prospect of the Southeast Asian market, a region that is a key part of Alibaba's global growth strategy,” Alibaba said in a statement.
Backed by large cash piles and soaring stock prices, Alibaba's new funding in loss-making Lazada underlines an ambitious global push to secure a bigger share of the fast-growing multi-billion dollar e-commerce market.
It follows a year of brisk expansion in Southeast Asia by the Chinese e-commerce giant and its payment affiliate Ant Financial, as it faces off against the world's biggest online retailer Amazon.com, Inc. and fellow Chinese retailer JD.com, Inc. to tap new consumers in the region.
“With a young population, high mobile penetration and just three percent of the region's retail sales currently conducted online, we feel very confident to double down on Southeast Asia,” said Peng, who is also the executive chair at Ant Financial.
ONLINE BATTLEGROUND
Alibaba operates in more than 200 countries and has more than 500 million people using its shopping apps every month, allowing Lazada to tap more of the e-commerce giant's resources.
Rival firms are already ploughing billions of dollars building extensive logistics infrastructure in the region.
Last year Amazon launched its two-hour delivery in Singapore, while China's JD.com has built its own logistics network in Indonesia, and in January announced an investment in Vietnamese online retailer Tiki.vn.
“It's a sign of how seriously Alibaba perceives the growth opportunity, and competitive threats, in Southeast Asia,” said James Lloyd, Asia-Pacific fintech leader at EY.
“If India was the first key battleground between US and Chinese vertical-leaders, then Southeast Asia is surely the second,” said Lloyd.
Consultancy Frost & Sullivan forecast total gross merchandise value of Southeast Asia e-commerce to rise to $65.5 billion in 2021 from $20.5 billion last year.
Alibaba, which has posted double-digit revenue growth every year since 2013, has started offering curated selections of goods from its own Taobao platform to Lazada users. Last April Ant Financial acquired Lazada payment affiliate helloPay Group, re-branding it under its own Alipay brand.
In addition, its cloud business has invested heavily in building data center infrastructure in the region, facilitating the spread of its digital commerce and payments services.
Ant Financial, where Peng was previously chief executive, has also purchased stakes in a handful of other Southeast Asian Payment ventures.
Singapore state investor Temasek Holdings and Lazada management are the only other stakeholders in Lazada.
Launched in 2012, Lazada operates in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. — Reuters
If you're a fan of Mixed Martial Arts...particularly in the State of Missouri...you may want to familiarize yourself with House Bill 1388.
The bill - approved last Thursday in a 112-29 vote - would put amateur kickboxing and both professional and mixed martial arts under state supervision.
The bill also aims to ban children 17 and under from participating in either event.
James Brown's 15 year old son participates at the Joplin Brotherhood MMA facility, their feelings, are strong.
James Brown, parent: "Offended, that they believe as a parent I can't make informed decisions about what is dangerous or not dangerous for my child."
Head Coach Sean Clifford says they offer a summer program, which is aimed at youth, to help with self defense, and keep them safe.
Sean Clifford, Head Coach, Joplin Brotherhood: "We bring kids from ages 4-11 off the street, they learn ground defense, they learn striking, there isn't any physical contact or punching or anything."
Brown says their son - approached them about participating in MMA.
Brown: "He has definitely enjoyed coming here to work with kids their age, get more physical where they could work on their strikes, actually perfecting them a little bit better, cleaning up their techniques."
If you participate in mixed martial arts, you're bound to get knocked down...and that's why officials say they take every precaution.
Clifford: "We have certain safeguards against how to fall, how to do take downs, how to do the chokes, so it's not a free for all, no holes barred kinda thing that goes on."
And there's even a benefit for parents.
Brown: "I enjoy coming here and I watch this for two hours and I learn things just on the sidelines."
The bill is now in the hands of the senate, which reconvenes on Wednesday.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo. — The St. Joseph Police Department is investigating after a woman found a bomb on their front porch.
Alexis Washington was up late with their newborn daughter and young son when they heard a loud pop and saw a flash of red light. When they came outside to check it out, they found the bomb on their porch.
"The cop told me then that the propane tank was leaking, there was ammunition on top of it with a paper towel that was lit on fire," Washington said. Them reaction was, "A bomb? I just don't understand, like a bomb? You can't fight that. That's why it's just like you've got to go. I got to go."
Cpt. Jeff Wilson with SJPD told 41 Action News the bomb was definitely homemade. The porch was doused with kerosene.
"I don't have any words for it because I don't see how you could do that," Washington said.
Officers responded to a call about a loud pop in the area near 16th and Olive Street around 2 a.m. Sunday.
SJPD and the ATF are investigating.
Washington is thankful their family got out safely.
"All I can say is it was God, you know, because it went out," said Washington. "The paper towel went out and that's what saved us."
As Iowa worked with the Department of Health and Human Services on a waiver aimed at stabilizing the state's Obamacare marketplace, President Donald Trump personally intervened in late August and asked the department to reject the waiver, the Washington Post reported Thursday evening.
An unnamed person familiar with the exchange told the newspaper that Trump saw an article in the Wall Street Journal about Iowa's plan, prompting them to try to intervene. Trump first tried contacting then-Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, who was out of the country at the time, according to the report. They then reached Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), which was working with Iowa on finessing its waiver request, and told them to reject Iowa's proposal.
It's unclear whether CMS will follow Trump's directive. Some officials within the department are still pushing for approval of Iowa's waiver, several unnamed Republicans told the Washington Post. Iowa has not yet heard from the federal government about whether the waiver will be approved, a spokesperson for the state's insurance commissioner told the Des Moines Register.
The Trump administration has made several moves to undermine the Affordable Care Act as the Republican-controlled Congress failed in its multiple attempts to repeal the law. HHS has slashed the budget for promoting and educating the public on Obamacare and reduced funding for navigators who help people sign up for health insurance through the marketplaces. The department also cancelled plans for regional directors to travel to states and help them prepare for open enrollment.
The President also has threatened to end cost-sharing reduction payments to help insurers who cover costs for low-income people with significant health needs. The uncertainty over the Trump administration's plans for those payments has caused insurers to drop out of the marketplaces in some areas, while an end to the payments would likely cause premiums to skyrocket.
When I was a homicide prosecutor in the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, my most challenging assignment was "riding" homicide cases. I'd get paged (often in the middle of the night) and a patrol car would pick me up and take me to the grisly scene of a recent murder.
Scroll for more content...
If a suspect was in custody, it was my job to evaluate the evidence and authorize an arrest if one could be legally supported. I had to be careful because the case would be mine to prosecute before a jury. A mistake would put an innocent suspect in prison while the true murderer roamed free. The stakes were high.
Sometimes in cases of all kinds, as in the Carter Page matter currently at the center of the controversy over a GOP memo on FBI surveillance, a search or surveillance warrant requiring the approval of a judge is required to gather critical evidence.
I remember one night knocking on the door of an elegant Brooklyn Heights townhouse seeking such a warrant from a tough, respected judge at approximately one in the morning. I had tried many murder cases before this judge and I was hopeful they would grant a search warrant in my case. They looked a little angry when answering the door in their bathrobe with cigarette and scotch in hand.
After berating me for bothering them at such an hour, they scrutinized my warrant application. It was based on the observations of a drug addict who claimed to have seen the defendant return to their apartment gun in hand after the murder and then leave without the gun shortly thereafter. The addict was known to the cops and had provided reliable information in the past.
The judge wasn't happy about the quality of my witness, but they had been around long enough to know that witnesses in criminal cases often have credibility problems themselves. They granted us the warrant. A search of the suspect's apartment led to a recovered murder weapon and a conviction.
I learned that night that search and surveillance warrants are often issued on information supplied by even the sketchiest of sources. Unlike the street addicts whose testimony often sends criminal defendants to prison for life, the now-notorious Christopher Steele -- a former British intelligence agent -- appears to be, by comparison, a seasoned professional highly adept at gathering reliable information.
Even assuming all the claims in the Nunes memo are true, the grounds supporting issuance and reissuance of the FISA warrants were easily met. The FISA statute, designed to deal with national security issues, permits the secret court to authorize surveillance of a US person if there is probable cause that the person is an "agent of a foreign power...knowingly engag[ing]... in clandestine intelligence activities."
Although the activities might be "spying" for a foreign power, there is no explicit requirement of criminality needed to get a warrant as in a conventional criminal case. The number and suspicious nature of Carter Page's activities and contacts with Russian operatives during the Trump campaign would have caused any reasonable judge to issue a surveillance warrant. Page, a former Trump foreign policy adviser, denies having any illegal interactions with Russian officials.
The Supreme Court has stated that the issuance of a search warrant can be supported by the "totality of the circumstances" presented to the court at the time a warrant is issued.
The Nunes memo glaringly omits any revelation of what other supporting information might have been submitted to the FISA judge, choosing instead to focus on cherry-picked alleged omissions.
Many of the other criticisms hyped in the memo may not even be relevant at all. For instance, the claim that the judge was informed that Steele was paid by a named US citizen was accurate. The court was free to to ask the assistant US attorney submitting the Steele information any questions about whether others were involved in the payments. Nothing, incidentally, is revealed about questions from the judge.
Other points raised in the memo are interesting background material but would not render the surveillance warrant to be illegal in any way. There was no illegality in Steele talking to the press (Yahoo in this case) or even in the fact that they disliked Trump. That sentiment seems to be shared by a majority of the American public as the President in their first year earned historically low approval ratings.
It certainly would not require disqualification of an FBI source if the "totality of the circumstances" supported the warrant application.
The rest of the Nunes memo's criticisms that were purportedly earth-shattering, Watergate-like revelations are equally empty claims. The fact that the Steele dossier was "salacious and unverified" doesn't mean that the portions of it relating to Carter Page were untrue. The surveillance was authorized so that law enforcement authorities could confirm or deny through other evidence the accuracy of the claims against Page.
This was a case in its investigatory stage, not the finished product. Fusion GPS demonstrates the good sense to turn the Steele material over to the FBI ... in essence making a 911 call ... because as the Department of Homeland Security likes to remind us, "If you see something, say something."
The dossier on the President, whether true or false, could subject them to blackmail by foreign powers. The FBI was correct in telling the President about the threat, even if "salacious and unverified."
If there is anything shocking in the Nunes memo, it can be found in its faulty reasoning, writing and sourcing. The American public needs to know the "totality of circumstances" presented to the FISA judge in order to fairly evaluate the conduct of the DOJ and the FBI.
If I had presented such a document to that Brooklyn Heights judge so many years ago, they would have thrown me out of their house with no warrant and a stern reprimand. Congressman Nunes and their fellow Republicans deserve the same.
A sentencing hearing Wednesday will determine how long a Hunt County man will be in prison after being convicted of killing a two-year-old child.
Joe Everett Autry III was found guilty of murder for the death of two-year-old Jordan Lumsden.
On July 31, 2015, the Hunt County Sheriff's Office responded to a call of an unresponsive child on Wright Way Circle in Quinlan.
The child lived at the residence with their mother and their boyfriend at the boyfriend's parents' home. American Medical Response was dispatched to the scene and found that CPR was being administered to the child on the scene. The child was transported to Hunt Regional Medical Center, where they were pronounced deceased. The Dallas County Medical Examiner's Office performed an autopsy on the child.
The final autopsy report showed that the cause of death was a homicide.
Autry was later charged with capital murder.
Related: Bond set at $1 million for mother's boyfriend accused in toddler's death
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
WHAT:
Combining a 16-week initial course of the medication omalizumab with oral immunotherapy (OIT) greatly improves the efficacy of OIT for children with allergies to multiple foods, new clinical trial findings show. After 36 weeks, more than 80 percent of children who received omalizumab and OIT could safely consume two-gram portions of at least two foods to which they were allergic, compared with only a third of children who received placebo and OIT.
Approximately 30 percent of people with food allergy are allergic to multiple foods. Results from the Phase 2 study, funded by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part of the National Institutes of Health, build on previous work suggesting that omalizumab, an injectable antibody drug approved to treat moderate to severe allergic asthma, can improve the safety and efficacy of OIT for allergies to a single food. Omalizumab blocks the activity of IgE, an immune system molecule central to the allergic response.
Researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine enrolled 48 participants aged 4 to 15 years with confirmed allergy to multiple foods, including milk, egg, wheat, soy, sesame seeds, peanut or tree nuts. Participants were randomly assigned to receive omalizumab or placebo injections for the first 16 weeks of the study. At week eight, all participants began daily OIT, an investigational treatment that involves eating small, gradually increasing doses of an allergenic food. They continued OIT until week 36 of the study, at which point they underwent an oral food challenge. Among the 36 children who received omalizumab, 30 (83 percent) were able to eat at least two grams of two or more foods to which they were allergic, compared with only 4 out of 12 children (33 percent) who received placebo. Those who received omalizumab also experienced fewer adverse events from OIT during weeks 8 to 16 of the study.
The findings suggest the potential benefits of using omalizumab to safely and rapidly facilitate desensitization to multiple food allergens. Additional, larger studies will be needed to confirm and expand on thes
###
ARTICLE:
S Andorf et al. Anti-IgE treatment with oral immunotherapy in multifood allergic participants: a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial. The Lancet Gastroenterology & Hepatology DOI: 10.1016/S2468-1253(17)30392-8 (2017).
WHO:
Amanda Rudman Spergel, M.D., medical officer in the Food Allergy, Atopic Dermatitis and Allergic Mechanisms Section in NIAID's Division of Allergy, Immunology and Transplantation, is available to discuss the findings.
CONTACT:
To schedule interviews, please contact Hillary Hoffman, 301-402-1663, hillary.hoffman@nih.gov.
NIAID conducts and supports research--at NIH, throughout the United States, and worldwide--to study the causes of infectious and immune-mediated diseases, and to develop better means of preventing, diagnosing and treating these illnesses. News releases, fact sheets and other NIAID-related materials are available on the NIAID website.
About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation's medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit http://www. nih. gov/ .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The NFU conducted a survey of its members which shows that for the second year running farmers have experienced issues in applying for their Basic Payment Scheme.It has shown that nearly half of its members (48%) struggled to submit their claims with ease.Farmers have experienced significant delays in getting assistance over the phone from the RPA, as well as concerns about changes to their land parcels leading to consequent anomalies The NFU has now called for an increase in support to applicants to address ongoing communications failures.Commenting on the findings, NFU Vice President, Stuart Roberts said the survey shows farmers "struggled again" this year with mapping and rule changes.“There also remains some underlying clear messages from our members of the need for better communication during the application, processing and payment stages,” Mr Roberts said.“The theme of communicating better was top of the agenda when I met with the new RPA Operations Director Andy King last week and we both agreed to work together to ensure improvements are made to communications going forward.”The survey also showed a continuing trend towards online applications, which helps the RPA process claim.However, some farmers are struggling to communicate online to the RPA the many aspects of their claim, forcing some to submit paper letters.The NFU has thus called for the RPA to introduce an option to submit supplementary documents via email next year.Mr Roberts added: “Many members this year have needed to submit paper mapping changes or produce covering letters to explain many aspects of their claim. All this additional information submitted by post puts further strain on stretched RPA resources.“The ability to email the RPA supplementary documents would be a good step forward for next year. Being able to get through easily on the phone or perhaps an improved electronic correspondence system would also help members and the RPA alike.”The survey follows the release of statistics earlier this year showing "problem areas" in the RPA's performance, which led the NFU to urge the agency to "think differently".The NFU's annual BPS survey, released in January showed a substantial amount of farmers awaiting payments or complaining of incorrect payments.The farming union said the survey is an opportunity to directly urge RPA Chief Executive Paul Caldwell to deal with "problem areas".The survey showed that 86% of farmers said they had been paid from BPS 2017. However, 4% of these said they think they have been paid incorrectly.It highlighted that 74% of unpaid farmers from BPS 2017 have not received any reasons from the RPA for non-payment.The survey also showed that 5% of farmers still have outstanding problems from BPS 2015 and 9% from BPS 2016.
April 28Xingye Leather Technology Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 100 percent to 200 percent, or to be 19.2 million yuan to 28.8 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 9.6 million yuan
* Says increased gross margin and decreased financial expenses as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/7KEKTi
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Prosecutors at the South Jakarta District Court have refuted Aman Abdurahman's defense plea and insisted that judges hand down the death sentence on the radical cleric for their alleged role in several terror attacks.
“We beg your honor [judges] to reject all pleas presented by Aman Abdurahman and their lawyers,” prosecutor Anita Dewayani read out their response in front of the panel of judges on Wednesday, as quoted by kompas.com.
They said Aman had been proven guilty of violating Article 14 of Law No. 15/2004 on terrorism.
Aman has been accused of inciting others to commit at least five terror attacks in Indonesia from 2016 to 2017, including the bombing and shooting near the Sarinah shopping area on Jl. M. H. Thamrin, also known as the Thamrin attack, in Central Jakarta in 2016, which left four people dead.
In a previous hearing, Aman admitted that they had encouraged more than 1,000 of their followers to travel to conflict-stricken Syria and become militants. However, they denied that they had instructed them to carry out attacks on their home soil.
Aman asserted their conviction that the government and its apparatus were infidels but claimed they had not ordered their followers to attack security personnel.
Aman denounced terrorist attacks in Indonesia, particularly those that involved children and women. Despite claiming they were not afraid to face the death penalty, they refused to be linked with recent terror attacks in Indonesia, perpetrators of which included a family of six. (fac/wit)
This guy just pulled off the greatest move ever on a SCOOTER THIEF! And I couldn't believe my eyes…because it looked like Jackie Chan was chasing down a wanted criminal! You need to check out these guys moves!
Lawmakers plan to draft a bill aiming to eliminate a distortion where certain buyers of real estate must pay property transfer fees while others do not.
When a person buys a new property and pays VAT on it, they or they are not subject to transfer fees, whereas transfer fees do apply when the transaction involves a land lease.
“The proposal is to strike [from the current law] the obligation that once a lease is registered, and for which VAT has been paid, for the person not to pay transfer fees,” Disy MP Marios Mavridis said.
This distortion in the market is adversely impacting competition, they added.
In a related issue, the government intends to bring an amendment to the law recently passed imposing 19 per cent VAT on building land.
Currently, when someone buys a finished housing unit or apartment as their primary dwelling they pay 5 per cent VAT, whereas buying a plot of land for owner-occupied housing incurs a 19 per cent VAT charge.
Main opposition Akel said the law as it stands is dysfunctional and rife with ambiguities, leading to confusion in the real estate market.
Diko MP Angelos Votsis said the government will be submitting a bill exempting from payment of 19 per cent VAT young couples who buy land for the purpose of building a primary residence.
Also on Monday, the House finance committee discussed a bill submitted by the government designed to attract foreign investment.
The bill will introduce changes to income tax legislation, so that investments in a mutual fund or a partnership incorporated under the law governing Open-Ended Collective Investments or the law on Alternative Funds are no longer considered as a permanent establishment in the Republic.
Once these investments are not considered a permanent establishment in Cyprus, earnings arising from such investments would be taxed in the tax residency country.
By the term “alternative funds” are designated all investment funds that are not already covered by the European Directive on Undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities. This includes hedge funds, funds of hedge funds, venture capital and private equity funds and real estate funds.
Open-ended funds are collective investment schemes that can issue and redeem shares at any time.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at stumps on the first day in the third and final Test between Sri Lanka and India on Saturday in Pallekele, Sri Lanka India 1st innings S. Dhawan c Chandimal b Pushpakumara 119 L. Rahul c Karunaratne b Pushpakumara 85 C. Pujara c Mathews b Sandakan 8 V. Kohli c Karunaratne b Sandakan 42 A. Rahane b Pushpakumara 17 R. Ashwin c Dickwella b V. Fernando 31 W. Saha not out 13 H. Pandya not out 1 Extras (b-6 lb-5 nb-2) 13 Total (for 6 wickets, 90 overs) 329 Fall of wickets: 1-188 L. Rahul,2-219 S. Dhawan,3-229 C. Pujara,4-264 A. Rahane,5-296 V. Kohli,6-322 R. Ashwin To bat: K. Yadav, M. Shami, U. Yadav Bowling Vishwa Fernando 19 - 2 - 68 - 1(nb-1) Lahiru Kumara 15 - 1 - 67 - 0 Dimuth Karunaratne 5 - 0 - 23 - 0 Dilruwan Perera 8 - 1 - 36 - 0(nb-1) Lakshan Sandakan 25 - 2 - 84 - 2 Malinda Pushpakumara 18 - 2 - 40 - 3 Referees Umpire: Richard Illingworth Umpire: Rod Tucker TV umpire: Bruce Oxenford Match referee: Richie Richardson
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) released a statement Friday afternoon calling out President Trump and their Republican colleagues just minutes before the House Intelligence Committee released a controversial memo that claims an anti-Trump bias within the FBI.
In the statement, McCain said attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice only serve one person's interests: Russian President Vladimir Putin's.
“The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's,” they said. “The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded. Our nation's elected officials, including the President, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
Their comments come as President Donald Trump and Republicans ignored the FBI's “grave concerns” about the memo, which alleges that FBI officials abused the FISA process when seeking a warrant to surveil Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
The full statement from McCain:
HANGING by your toes from a trapeze suspended high above the ground sounds like the opening scene of a Saw movie – but for juggler Zane Jarvie it's just another day in the office.
Camera Icon Busker Zane attempting to break the world record for number of balls juggled while hanging upside down on a trapeze. Picture: Ross Swanborough
The Kiwi earned rapturous applause on Saturday when they set a new world record for upside down suspended juggling, defying gusty winds at Forrest Place to keep five balls in the air simultaneously.
Hundreds of expectant onlookers packed into the Perth CBD to watch the record attempt but Garvie said not getting caught up in the weight of expectation was crucial to maintaining focus.
“I was feeling pretty relaxed, not much hypes me up to be honest,” they said.
“Once you have made a fool of yourself enough on stage enough times it takes quite a lot to get you worked up.”
Garvie said they had been practising the stunt for eight months behind closed doors but that a windy Perth day had thrown an unplanned spanner into the mix.
“The balls are quite small so the wind doesn't affect them much but it definitely does make the trapeze swing back and forth more than usual,” they said.
Jarvie is in Perth as part of award-winning New Zealand trio Laser Kiwi.
New Rochelle, NY, August 14, 2017--What factors determine nomophobia, otherwise known as smartphone separation anxiety, and what behaviors and descriptors can help identify people with high nomophobia who tend to perceive smartphones as their extended selves? A new study that compares how people with high and low nomophobic tendencies perceive and value their smartphones is published in Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking, a peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers. The article is available free on the Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking website.
The article entitled "Understanding Nomophobia: Structural Equation Modeling and Semantic Network Analysis of Smartphone Separation Anxiety" was coauthored by Seunghee Han and Jang Hyun Kim, PhD, Sungkyunkwan University, Seoul, Republic of Korea and Ki Joon Kim, PhD, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon. The researchers developed a model that identified a link between factors such as personal memories and user's greater attachment to their smartphones, leading to nomophobia and a tendency to phone proximity-seeking behavior.
"Nomophobia, fear of missing out (FoMo), and fear of being offline (FoBo)--all anxieties born of our new high-tech lifestyles--may be treated similarly to other more traditional phobias. Exposure therapy, in this case turning off technology periodically, can teach individuals to reduce anxiety and become comfortable with periods of disconnectedness," says Editor-in-Chief Brenda K. Wiederhold, PhD, MBA, BCB, BCN, Interactive Media Institute, San Diego, California and Virtual Reality Medical Institute, Brussels, Belgium.
###
About the Journal
Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking is an authoritative peer-reviewed journal published monthly online with Open Access options and in print that explores the psychological and social issues surrounding the Internet and interactive technologies. Complete tables of contents and a sample issue may be viewed on the Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking website.
About the Publisher
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers is a privately held, fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in many promising areas of science and biomedical research, including Games for Health Journal, Telemedicine and e-Health, and Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology. Its biotechnology trade magazine, GEN (Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News), was the first in its field and is today the industry's most widely read publication worldwide. A complete list of the firm's 80 journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers website.
March 19 (UPI) -- When you play for the Cleveland Browns for 11 years like Joe Thomas, you deserve a lengthy goodbye speech.
And they had plenty of great sound bites in that farewell dialogue Monday. The speech also included some playful jabs at the AFC North franchise, which posted a 48-128 record during their tenure. Thomas announced their retirement on Wednesday.
"This offseason, there were a lot of people that reached out to me when they heard I was considering retirement," Thomas told reporters. "They had an opportunity to talk to me and give their input. One of the guys who actually talked to me was [former Browns offensive coordinator] Kyle Shanahan. They put together a 32-point slide presentation in a PowerPoint telling me why I needed to come back; unfortunately, that did not work. [Former Browns general manager] Ray Farmer tried to text me but it was during a game, and unfortunately, they were suspended for that."
"[Former Browns head coach] Eric Mangini wanted to reach out to me because I had a couple years with them and they thought it was important to hear a few things from him, but unfortunately, they said I was going to have to ride eight hours with them on a bus to Connecticut if I wanted to hear all about it so I turned that down. [Former Browns QB] Brandon Weeden still has my phone number, somehow after all these years. They tried to call me but they ended up still being stuck under that giant American flag so they did not get any reception. [Former Browns Executive Vice President of Football Operations] Sashi [Brown] tried to trade some information with me about my retirement, but unfortunately, it did not get in in time. [Former Browns QB] Johnny [Manziel] tried to call me from the club but their money phone apparently did not have very good service. In the end, we all know that the reason I retired was because of [former Browns QB] Robert Griffin III; it was definitely their fault."
The local Pro Football Writers Association also honored Thomas during the news conference. The PFWA named the Player of the Year award after the former Browns left tackle.
(ABC NEWS)- A fireworks retailer in Missouri went up in flames on the eve of Fourth of July.
Firefighters responded to a major fire at AM Pyrotechnics in Pleasant Hope, Missouri, on Tuesday night, according to Springfield, Missouri, ABC affiliate KSPR. According to the affiliate, several explosions rocked the building, and were large enough to rattle neighbors' windows.
One person suffered “moderate” injuries, according to KSPR.
Pleasant Hope is about 20 miles north of Springfield.
The building was entirely destroyed by the explosions and fire.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) has reported to the scene, according to the Kansas City ATF branch. Considered an explosive, ATF regulates fireworks in the country.
KSPR reported AM Pyrotechnics was a distributor of fireworks to companies putting on large displays as opposed to selling fireworks to individuals.
Fireworks are legal for sale in Missouri, with wholesalers being able to sell year-round, while those who apply for seasonal permits can sell fireworks from June 20 to July 10, according to state law.
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has been awarded a contract for foreign military sales in support of the Taiwan F-16 Peace Phoenix Rising program.
The deal, announced Thursday by the Department of Defense, is valued at more than $13.3 million under a cost-plus-fixed-fee modification to a previous award contract.
The Republic of China Air Force kicked off its modernization process last month, according to Taipei Times, and calls for 144 Lockheed Martin F-16 A/B Fighting Falcon's to be upgraded under the Taiwan F-16 Peace Phoenix Rising program.
The total cost of upgrades to Taiwan's fleet is estimated at roughly $5.3 billion, according to The Diplomat.
The contract modification is for additional work that was previously identified during performances tests, requiring Lockheed to provide maintenance in support of the F-16s, as well as fuel and other support needed for the completion of flight tests, the Pentagon said.
Work on the contract will occur in Texas and Taiwan, and is expected to be completed in May 2023.
More than $12.5 million has been obligated to Lockheed Martin at the time of award from foreign military sale funds.
Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in their living room. The 15-year-old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by their parents: that their insurance company, Aetna, denied them for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted them since they were 9 years old.
“When my parents told me, I went kind of blank and started crying,” they said. “I cried for like an hour.”
Them friends had been lined up to visit them in the hospital for the surgery three days away, on Monday, October 23. Between tears, they texted them that the whole thing was off.
This 15-year-old wept as their parents told them their insurance company denied them for minimally invasive brain surgery that could end their seizures https://t.co/v7D5jFlob4 pic.twitter.com/J5OsF5X0qQ — CNN (@CNN) December 11, 2017
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend. Cara's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays, a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding them home. The party did go on — just with a lot more stress.
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend. When the seizures strike, their body gets cold and shakes, and they zone out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes, typically still aware of their surroundings. Them seizures can be triggered by stress, by being happy, by exerting themselves — almost anything. “It's like having a nightmare but while you're awake,” they said.
In the six weeks since the denial, Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting their everyday life. Them message to Aetna is blunt: “Considering they're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that's wrong with my brain, I would probably just say, ‘Screw you.' ”
Aetna: We're looking out for what's best for patients
The Pressman family and, separately, Jennifer Rittereiser, a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since they were 10, approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied, by Aetna, for laser ablation surgery, a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating. Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country, providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people.
Neurologists consider laser ablation, which is performed through a small hole in the skull, to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery, where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate. The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children: No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed.
In denying Cara their surgery, Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery “experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established.”
“Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member's condition,” Aetna wrote in its rejection letter.
The insurance company did approve them for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery, called a temporal lobectomy, even though their medical team never sought approval for the procedure.
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery, especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain.
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel, a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic, disputes Aetna's assessment.  They are not involved in Cara's care nor Rittereiser's treatment, but they said Aetna's assessment is wrong.
“I would not call it experimental at all,” said Van Gompel, who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study. “It's definitely not an experimental procedure. There've been thousands of patients treated with it. It's FDA-approved. There's a lot of data out there to suggest it's effective for epilepsy.”
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications, including the possibility of death. “It's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure,” they said.
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks. By contrast, a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks. The pain from laser surgery is much less, and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery, Van Gompel said.
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials, Van Gompel said existing data shows it's effective more than 50% of the time. They hope the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60% to 70% or better in epilepsy patients. Temporal lobectomies, they said, have a slightly better rate, of more than 70%.
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial, Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser, saying it was in the best interest of the patients. But the language was softened slightly.
“Clinical effectiveness and our members' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary,” Aetna said. “There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based, clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery. As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation, only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure. We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins, and will continue to do so for this procedure.”
Contacted for reaction, the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna's remarks, saying the insurance company took its information out of context. Laser ablation surgery “has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy,” said Dr. Jacqueline French, the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation.
“This technology is much less invasive than the alternative, which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain, at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost,” French said. “This path should be available, if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it, without delay or barriers.”
Phil Gattone, the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation, said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders.
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara's parents are going through. Their own son began having seizures when they were 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s. “It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping their development,” Gattone said. “We took this leap of faith and made the decision, and it worked out the best for him.”
But they added that they and their wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then. The device used for laser ablation surgery was approved by the FDA nine years ago. “I know that my wife and I would've found much more comfort if we had had (laser ablation) as an option,” they said.
Gattone said people with seizures, their caregivers and their doctors should not be “spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis, filing paperwork, making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork” trying to get approval for a life-changing operation.
“The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual's life, promote the development of the young child's brain or bring about seizure control,” Gattone said.
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of their silver SUV while driving with their 7-year-old son, Robert, in April. Them SUV rammed into a car in front of them and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic. Them vehicle careened down an embankment, flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush. They narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees.
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed.
“People were amazed,” they said. “They had a helicopter on the way, actually. I am extremely fortunate just from that sense.”
Rittereiser has battled seizures since they were 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since. For much of their life, they could tell when the seizures might come.
These weren't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies; they wouldn't fall to the ground and writhe. They would zone out for a spell. They could understand people and could still function but couldn't speak back — or if they did, their words were garbled.
As an executive in the health care industry, Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings. When they sense a seizure coming, they rush to the bathroom to hide until they go away. One time, they say they urinated on themselves at their desk without realizing it.
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which they rear-ended a car after they had a seizure. No one was hurt in that crash, but they stopped driving for more than a year. Them medications were tweaked, and their seizures were largely kept in check, until the crash this April.
They were soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery. After 34 years of struggling with seizures, they thought their ordeal might finally come to an end. Surgery was set for June 16.
But in late May, Aetna denied the surgery. They fought Aetna's decision through a lengthy appeals process. Aetna refused to budge.
“It's just not right,” Rittereiser said.
They said they recently went to Aetna's website to look up the company's values. They felt nauseated. “Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I'm being treated. They're talking about promoting wellness and health and ‘being by your side.' ”
They paused, contemplating the company's “by your side” catchphrase, saying it's “the most ridiculous thing, because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward.
“It drives me crazy.”
Dad: ‘You get so angry'
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at their doctor's office when word came that Cara's surgery had been denied. The mom fell to the floor and wept.
They called Cara's father, Robert. They were at the airport picking up their 90-year-old parents for their birthday party. Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news. That's when Cara sat in the red chair, crying inconsolably.
“Telling Cara was horrible,” their mom said. “Horrible.”
“It's just so frustrating for us to know there's a solution out there — a way to fix our daughter — and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening,” Robert Pressman said. “You get so angry, but you don't know who to take it out on, because there's no particular person that's doing it. It's this big bureaucracy that's preventing this from happening.”
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20, 2002, when Cara popped into the world and met their 2-year-old sister, Lindsey, for the first time. “That was the day we became a family,” Julie said. “Our love for those girls is amazing. How we got this lucky is beyond us.”
But that luck has been tested. When Cara was 9, she'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening, and then in the middle of the night, they began seizing uncontrollably. The family had two black Labradors that had gone to their room and barked like crazy to alert their parents. Cara had bitten their tongue, and blood was running down their face when they got to the room.
It was a terrifying scene. They were rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests. Mom, Dad and Cara never thought they'd still be battling seizures six years later — let alone an insurance company. She's had seizures on the soccer field, during softball games, on stage during plays, in the classroom. Almost everywhere.
How do they envision a life without seizures?
“I don't know,” they said. “I've never had a life without seizures.”
“You will. You will,” their dad told them
“I just don't know when,” they responded.
Mom: “It will happen, kiddo.”
Them mother calls Cara a feisty, petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match. She's a naturally gifted athlete, singer and dancer, but their parents feel that their seizures have kept them from reaching their full potential.
They long for the day when the seizures are gone. The parents said they have paid $24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year. They're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company's help. They will appeal Aetna's latest rejection — but they're not optimistic.
In preparation, they've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $300,000 out of pocket. “Cara is worth every penny, but man,” their mom said. ” ‘Screw Aetna,' indeed, to quote my kid.”
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) – The Charlottesville City Council will decide how it wants to remove the statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from its downtown park.
Media outlets report that on Monday the council will discuss whether to sell or donate the statue. The council voted 3-2 earlier this year for its removal. Councilor Wes Bellamy called for the removal of the statue in March 2016, citing residents who feel it is culturally offensive and a symbol of white supremacy.
A community panel last fall suggested that the statue be moved from Lee Park to McIntire Park. Two councilors, however, said Friday that they're disinclined to this option.
Also Monday, city officials will present to the council and public options for removing the statue. The council will also decide whether to rename both Lee and Jackson parks.
Comments
comments
Gulfport High School students are hoping to stop violence through understanding, and a simple exercise could have far reaching effects to make schools safer.
City of College Station Update on WTAW
College Station Municipal Court Judge Edward Spillane III discussed the upcoming warrant amnesty during their appearance on The Infomaniacs on Friday, October 6.
Click below to hear Edward Spillane III visiting with WTAW's Scott DeLucia.
EdwardSpillane100617
Lt. Richard Collins III WAS MURDERED a 25 min drive from Capitol by "alt-Reich" garbage. @RepChrisCollins said nothing. None of them did.
— Dave Zirin (@EdgeofSports) June 14, 2017
THE BULL THAT charged at Texas Rangers pitcher Martin Perez on their ranch in Venezuela was not given the opportunity to do so again.
Perez, who fell and broke their non-pitching elbow as they tried to get out of the way of the animal, said the freak accident from December led to the bull becoming dinner.
“I killed them and I ate him,” Perez told reporters after their start on Sunday.
It was good meat. No more bull.”
According to Perez, they called their brother after they had surgery on their non-throwing elbow in Texas about the bull, and the decision was made to slaughter him.
During Sunday's Cactus League game, Perez allowed just one hit in five innings, showing they are ahead of their rehabilitation schedule.
“I'm good to go,” said Perez, who owned a 4.82 ERA last season for Texas.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
AMMAN —Tourism Minister Lina Annab on Friday announced the start of 14 direct flight routes from Europe to Jordan as of Sunday.
During a session at the Jordan 2018 Agenda conference, Annab said that these routes, to be operated for competitive prices, will be directed to Amman and Aqaba to further push growth rates at the tourism sector, the Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported.
In another session, titled “A plan to stimulate growth, and economic challenges”, the minister said that the number of tourists in 2017 increased by 10 per cent and tourism income by 13 per cent, adding that the ministry's focus in 2018 will be on sustaining the growth rates achieved last year.
The sector contributes to 10-14 per cent of the GDP, Annab said, citing statistics.
They stressed that the sector recruits large numbers of local workers, which accounts for 90 per cent at hotels and 30 per cent at restaurants.
According to the minister, Jordan has 100,000 archaeological “known” sites, of which 30,000 are registered, stressing that there is an opportunity to further encourage tourists to come and visit if more sites are developed as new destinations.
Tourism revenues in 2017 increased by 12.5 per cent $4.6 billion compared with $4.1 billion in 2016, according to official figures.
The increase was mainly due to the rise in the total number of tourists in 2017.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick Four-Evening' game
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the "Pick Four-Evening" game were:
7-5-9-7, Fireball: 9
(seven, five, nine, seven; Fireball: nine)
It seems House Oversight Committee Chair Trey Gowdy's (R-SC) statement Tuesday that the FBI acted appropriately by having an informant meet with officials on the Trump campaign will not dissuade President Donald Trump from pushing their “Spygate” conspiracy theory.
During the White House press briefing Wednesday, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders indicated that Trump would not retract their accusation that the FBI spied on their campaign.
“Clearly there's still cause for concern that needs to be looked at. The deputy director of the FBI was actually fired for misconduct. The President's concerned about the matter, and we're going to continue to follow the issue,” Sanders told reporters when asked if Trump would retract their claims.
When asked specifically if Gowdy's assessment had any impact on Trump's views, Sanders repeated that Trump is concerned.
“There are a number of things that have been reported on, that show, I think, not just for the President, but a number of Americans, a large cause for concern. And we'd like to see this fully looked into,” they said.
Asked later in the briefing if Trump is still concerned that the FBI embedded a spy in their presidential campaign, Sanders said, “The President still has concerns about whether or not the FBI acted inappropriately having people in their campaign. ”
Sanders declined to “get into those details” when asked who specifically Sanders was referring to with the phrase “in the campaign.”
Trump in recent weeks has latched onto the revelation that an FBI informant met with several officials on their campaign, spinning the news into a conspiracy theory that the FBI spied on their campaign.
Following a briefing with Justice Department officials about the informant, Gowdy said that they believe the FBI did not do anything inappropriate by deploying the informant.
“I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Trump,” Gowdy said on Fox News Tuesday.
ST. LOUIS -- Saint Louis University researchers report in Molecular Metabolism new findings that the nuclear receptor REV-ERB appears to play a key role in muscle regeneration, suggesting the receptor may be a good target for new drugs to treat a variety of muscle disorders and injuries.
Colin Flaveny, Ph.D. assistant professor of pharmacology and physiology and Thomas Burris, Ph.D., chair of pharmacology and physiology at Saint Louis University, focus their work on identifying natural hormones that regulate nuclear receptors and then developing synthetic compounds to target these receptors in order to develop drugs to treat diseases.
Earlier this year, Burris published findings showing that a nuclear receptor called REV-ERB is involved in lowering LDL cholesterol. They previously studied REV-ERB's role in regulating mammals' internal clocks.
Now teaming up, Flaveny and Burris are uncovering REV-ERB's role in muscle regeneration.
"REV-ERB is an interesting nuclear receptor that helps coordinate our metabolism with our daily routine," Flaveny said. "We're studying the protein to see if turning its activity up or down can influence the way muscle regenerates after injury or illness."
Skeletal muscle comprises 40 to 50 percent of our total body mass and is essential for postural support, locomotion and breathing. With a high capacity for regeneration, skeletal muscle normally maintains muscle mass and function in response to minor injuries and normal wear and tear without much trouble.
However, in cases of traumatic injury or illnesses like congestive heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, severe burns, cancer and HIV infection, the body's natural muscle regeneration may not be able to keep up and the loss of skeletal muscle mass and strength is common.
When injuries are severe - with more than 20 percent loss of muscle mass - normal muscle regeneration often cannot keep pace with the regenerative demands. In this scenario, the loss of skeletal muscle mass can trigger widespread fibrosis and loss of muscle function.
Eventually, muscle regeneration may become unable to keep up, even with assistance through dietary interventions, anabolic steroids or non-steroidal anti-inflammatories (NSAIDs). The use of anabolic steroids and NSAIDs are accompanied by severe side effects that may further reduce quality of life. Often, pharmacological interventions fail to stem long-term decline in quality of life or enhance survival for those with degenerative muscle tissue diseases.
"Identifying new means of accelerating muscle regeneration has proved a daunting challenge," Burris said. "Therefore understanding the underlying mechanisms that regulate muscle cell regeneration and coordinate regenerative repair could provide future therapeutic options for stymieing the loss of muscle function in the traumatically injured."
A simplified version of muscle cells' life-cycle looks like this: muscle stem cells produce myoblasts that will either reproduce (proliferate) or form muscle tissue (differentiate). Successful regeneration of skeletal muscle after traumatic injury depends on the replenishment of muscle fibers through elevated myoblast proliferation and differentiation.
Scientists were fascinated to see that REV-ERB appears to play different roles for different stages of muscle tissue development. A decline in expression of REV-ERB precedes myoblast differentiation. Conversely, an increase in REV-ERB expression is involved in the regulation of mitochondrial and metabolic function in fully differentiated skeletal muscle.
The research team identified a mechanism through which REV-ERB may regulate gene expression pre- and post-muscle differentiation. They show that REV-ERB is a regulator of muscle differentiation that can be targeted to stimulate muscle regeneration and may be useful in treating numerous muscle diseases, including muscular dystrophy, sarcopenia and cachexia, in addition to acute injury.
"We demonstrate that REV-ERB can stimulate muscle regeneration upon acute muscle injury in an animal model," Burris said. "Our findings reveal that REV-ERB may be a potent therapeutic target for the treatment of a myriad of muscular disorders."
###
Other researchers on the study include Ryan D. Welch, Chun Guo, Monideepa Sengupta, Katherine J. Carpenter, Natalie A. Stephens, Stacy A. Arnett, Marvin J. Meyers, Lauren M. Sparks, Steven R. Smith and Jinsong Zhang.
This work was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health (MH093429 and R01HL093195).
Established in 1836, Saint Louis University School of Medicine has the distinction of awarding the first medical degree west of the Mississippi River. The school educates physicians and biomedical scientists, conducts medical research, and provides health care on a local, national and international level. Research at the school seeks new cures and treatments in five key areas: cancer, liver disease, heart/lung disease, aging and brain disease, and infectious diseases.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND -- The children of a 74-year-old man gunned down on their way home from an Easter meal have a message for their suspected killer, who is now the target of a nationwide manhunt.
Steve Stephens, 37, is wanted for aggravated murder after they allegedly shot Robert Godwin Sr. Sunday afternoon – then posted a video of the homicide on Facebook, according to Cleveland police.
Tonya Godwin-Baines, one of Godwin's daughters, said the family is absolutely devastated and is calling for Stephens to turn themselves in.
"To the young man who murdered my daddy, I ask that you please surrender," Godwin-Baines said. "I forgive you, and love you but most importantly, God loves you. God can heal your mind and save your soul. Please!"
Godwin was the father of 10 children -- six girls and four boys.
Godwin's children say the reason they are able to forgive Stephens is because of their father, who took them to church every Sunday, and always stressed the importance of forgiveness.
Robert Godwin Jr. said the woman who Stephens blames in the Facebook video is also in the family's thoughts and prayers. "We know it is not their fault. They should not feel like it's their fault."
Godwin Sr.'s children described them as a wonderful person who loved their family, and said they want their father to be remembered for the good they did in their life, not for the horrific video.
"If you do watch it, it should make you want to change," Godwin Jr. said. The family is asking people not to share the disturbing footage, but, for those who do, Godwin Jr. asked that they "take something from it."
There is now a $50,000 reward for information leading to the Stephens' arrest. The FBI, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and U.S. Marshals provided the money for the reward.
Anyone with information about the suspect's whereabouts should call 1-800-CALL-FBI. If you see Stephens, do not approach.  They are considered armed and dangerous.
The South African Federation of Trade Unions (Saftu) march to Parliament in Cape Town to protest against the proposed national minimum wage and water issues in the province. Picture: Ayanda Ndamane/African News Agency/ANA
Johannesburg - As workers and civil society are rallied to join the upcoming South African Federation of Trade Unions (Saftu) nationwide strike on Wednesday, here's what you need to know about the strike.
Saftu on Monday announced it would embark on a general strike over what it terms "the biggest attacks on working-class people, trade unions and the poor" since the end of apartheid.
Saftu further added that it would rally its affiliates and allies in civil society to demand "action to end the country's crisis of unemployment, poverty and inequality".
Members of the public were also assured that the strike would be peaceful and orderly and that there was no reason for danger.
ALSO READ: #SAFTUstrike: Saftu rallies forces for strike over minimum wage
Here are some of the things you need to know about the strike:
* The strike is over the "poverty" national minimum wage, amendments to labour laws as well as economic challenges facing workers and the poor.
* Meeting points include Johannesburg, Cape Town, East London, Port Elizabeth, Durban, Polokwane and Bloemfontein but Saftu added, that additional marches would take place in other locations.
* The strike is expected to begin at 10am.
* The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) and The Federation of Unions of South Africa (Fedusa) have indicated that they will not join the strike.
* Some Saftu affiliates expected to join the strike include the National Union of Metalworkers of SA (Numsa) and The Food and Allied Workers Union (Fawu).
* Transport will be available for marchers taking part in the strike.
* Participants in the various provinces will be marching to local government offices.
IOL
THE role of Smallville actor Allison Mack in sex cult Nxivm continues to be exposed.
After allegations Mack was instrumental in recruiting and grooming women to have sex with cult leader Keith Raniere, it's now been revealed that Mack instigated the branding of female members' skin with a surgical knife.
In an interview the star gave to the New York Times before their April arrest for sex trafficking charges, published today, Mack boasted about coming up with the idea.
“I was like, y'all, a tattoo? People get drunk and tattooed on their ankle BFF or a tramp stamp. I have two tattoos and they mean nothing,” they told reporter Vanessa Grigoriadis.
Camera Icon Allison Mack arrives for a hearing in relation to sex trafficking charges. Prosecutors say they recruited women to NXIVM that turned them into sex slaves. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
In the article, Grigoriadis writes some women who had the logo branded onto their skin told them it was bigger than they thought it would be, and wore a surgical mask to avoid the smell.
At Mack's bail hearing in a New York court this month, the court heard that as the women were being branded like cattle, Mack allegedly placed their hands on their chests and told them to “feel the pain” and to “think of [their] master,” prosecutors say.
Mack, 35 also said in the interview they joined Nxivm, founded by cult leader Keith Raniere, because they were unsatisfied with their acting career. They said they asked Raniere to “make them a great actor again”.
They also divulged details on the recruitment process. The female group member that invited another woman to join was that woman's ‘master', a “representation of your conscience, your higher self, your most ideal,” Mack said, according to the Times.
The ‘master' would force their ‘slave' to count calories, have cold showers, get up at 4AM only to stand still and do nothing, or refrain from having orgasms to prove their devotion.
Camera Icon The Nxivm logo was branded onto the skin of female members using a surgical knife. Some told the Times the branding was much bigger than they expected. Pic: Supplied Picture: Supplied
“I found my spine, and I just kept solidifying my spine every time I would do something hard,” Mack told the Times of the effect of the rituals on them
Last month Mack pleaded not guilty after being arrested for their alleged role in the cult.
A gaunt, dishevelled Mack appeared in Brooklyn federal court on charges of sex trafficking and forced labour — a month after Nxivm leader Keith Raniere was collared on the same charges.
Mack is out on a $5 million bail and under house arrest. Rainere was refused bail. A judge set their trial for October 1.
Raniere had pleaded not guilty on all three charges.
Both face 15 years to life in prison if convicted of the charges.
Mack was Raniere's direct “slave” and had a sexual relationship with them — but also acted as a ‘master' to other slaves
Camera Icon Allison Mack has allegedly been brainwashed by cult leader Keith Raniere. Picture: YouTube, Keith Raniere Conversations/Youtube
The actor first lured the women into the secret society within Nxivm known as “The Vow” — and cajoled them into providing “collateral” like embarrassing photos and statements to use as blackmail, prosecutors allege.
They then allegedly groomed the slaves for sex with Raniere — ordering them to adhere to extremely restrictive diets, to refrain from removing their pubic hair and to stay celibate, according to court documents.
“Ms. Mack was one of the top members of a highly organised scheme which was designed to provide sex to [Raniere],” Assistant US lawyer Moira Penza said in court.
Raniere pitched NXIVM as a self-improvement program for the stars with Battlestar Galactica's Nicki Clyne, Dynasty star Catherine Oxenberg's daughter, India, and Mack's former Smallville co-star, Kristin Kreuk, all members at one time.
Mack reportedly tried to lure singer Kelly Clarkson and actor Emma Watson into the fold.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - An arrest has been made in connection to an incident involving an improvised explosive device placed in a trash can in Terre Haute.
Scroll for more content...
The incident happened on Jan. 30 in the 1300 block of S. 4th Street. Police were called to the scene of an explosion.
When police arrived they found someone had placed an improvised explosive device into a trash can and then detonated it. No injuries were reported.
Police arrested Bradley L. Ellinger on Friday for possession of a destructive device, criminal recklessness committed with a deadly weapon, obstruction of justice and criminal mischief.
They were taken to the Vigo County Jail.
A local group of Maryland Residents announce the formation of the Chesapeake K-9 Fund. The fund's mission is to provide financial support to the local Law Enforcement Agencies, specifically for the needs of K-9 units. This includes funding new K-9 dogs for the Agencies, purchasing protective gear and the required custom updates to the vehicles.
The group's founders include Wendy Oliver & Julie Dinko with Ameri-Star Homes, Officer John Manning with the Annapolis Police Department and Chad Hartman & Ken Sonner with Old Line Bank. Since the founding of the Chesapeake K-9 Fund, the group has formed a Board of Directors including Kurt Beall, Owner of Heroes Pub; Richie Petitbon, President of Petitbon Alarm Co.; Daphne Samaras Foreman with Zachary's Jewelers; Dr. David Anderson, President of Annapolis Medical Weight Loss; Tony Lamartina Co-Founder of Vince's Produce; and David Lima, owner of Old Line CrossFit, Business Development Manager, Constellation.
Wendy Oliver observed that “the public support has been only positive with many local residents wanting to help the cause.” The group is exploring several initiatives including educational, fundraising and departmental needs. “It is apparent that many agencies need immediate financial support to help the K-9 Units” remarked Chad Hartman. Julie Dinko shared with the group “When we present the services performed by each unit, our citizens quickly realize the need to support our cause”.
For more information regarding the fund – please contact us via Email: [email protected]
We are also on Facebook and Linked in, and you can visit our website at www.ChesapeakeK9Fund.org
Related
Category: Businesses, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
The Arizona Cardinals have been working the phones, trying to find a willing trade partner to move up in the first round of the NFL Draft.
NFL Network insider Ian Rapoport reported Tuesday that Arizona is "making a lot of noise about moving up" from their No. 15 slot in Thursday night's draft.
"They certainly seem like they're making the most phone calls about possibly moving up for a quarterback," said Rapoport. "It's safe to assume that five or six could be potential slots to trade for a quarterback."
The Denver Broncos currently hold the No. 5 pick and the Indianapolis Colts are at No. 6, already dropping three slots after trading the No. 3 overall selection to the New York Jets.
A report out of Denver by Mike Klis of 9News said the Cardinals are among three teams that have reached out to the Broncos about making a trade for the No. 5 pick.
Arizona signed oft-injured veteran quarterback Sam Bradford and Mike Glennon in the offseason following the retirement of Carson Palmer, but this year's draft is among the deepest in highly-rated signal callers.
Bradford, who signed a one-year contract worth $20 million in the offseason, has started all 16 games in a season only twice in seven NFL seasons, and Glennon didn't pan out with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Chicago Bears.
"I don't think it's any secret," said Cardinals general manager Steve Keim of the team's desire to find a long-range answer at quarterback.
NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC quarterback Sam Darnold first in their most recent Big Board. UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen is second while Wyoming's Josh Allen is ranked 10th. A pair of Heisman Trophy winners, Baker Mayfield of Oklahoma and Lamar Jackson of Louisville, are ranked 14th and Jackson 15th, respectively, by Rang.
The Cardinals reportedly have shown interest in the top four quarterbacks on Rang's Big Board, while former Arizona head coach Bruce Arians, who retired in January, said the team should draft Jackson.
The 65-year-old Arians isn't accepting the notion that Jackson isn't ready to be an NFL-style passer.
"He's been in a pro-style offense," Arians said. "He's more of a scrambler with designed runs. I don't think I'd design runs for him. I would just let him, a la Russell Wilson, take what's there, and whoosh, take off running."
A must-have toy this Christmas is flying off the shelves faster than they can make it, after thousands of children asked Santa - for UNICORN POO.
The sparkly slime-like substance is one of the most popular toys this festive season, as the popularity of slime-related videos on YouTube has soared.
Britain's main manufacturer of unicorn poo, H Grossman Ltd, say they are struggling to keep up with demand for the glittery slime.
Company director Martin Grossman said: "Unicorn poo is rare stuff, a bit like hens teeth.
"It's been amazing that we have sold nearly half a million pots of the stuff.
"Of course, we know where all the wild, free-range unicorns live, and in January I will be bringing even more pots of Unicorn Poo complete with little unicorns inside."
So far the company have sold almost a tonne of the 99p pots of sparkly poop.
Road Safety Authority Ireland's Check It Fits team will be in Carrick-on-Shannon today.
The team will be at hand to ensure that your child's car seat is correctly fitted.
The service is free and will be available from 10am to 5.30pm at Glancy's SuperValu.
Ready to Learn (RTL), a program at Helping Hands Hawaii (HHH), hosts its annual school supply drive for students in need from June 1 to July 31, 2017. Through this program, low-income and homeless students will receive free basic educational tools that aid in their scholastic development and contribute to a more prosperous future.
“Having school supplies on the first day of school, and throughout the year, not only prepares a student for learning in the classroom but also boosts a child's self-esteem and feeling of self-worth,” said HHH President and CEO Jan M. Harada. “For some students, going to school is the one constant they have in their lives due to unstable situations at home. By linking the goodwill of our community with social service partners throughout the state, Ready to Learn contributes to a more positive educational experience, benefiting students in the future.”
As the retail partner for this annual drive, American Savings Bank (ASB) branches across the state will serve as collection sites from June 14 to July 14. Donations on each island will remain on the island to benefit local students.
"While they may seem like common, everyday essentials to many, school supplies can make a major difference to a student," said Beth Whitehead, executive vice president and chief administrative officer at ASB. "We encourage the community to join us in donating school supplies and monetary donations to Ready to Learn, which will help to ensure that Hawaii's keiki are set for success."
RTL uses school supply donations as well as bulk-purchased supplies to prepare basic school supply kits for students of all grade levels. These kits contain some of the most common supplies found on the Department of Education's back-to-school lists. Each kit is valued at approximately $10 each.
The school supplies in the highest demand are: 1 subject spiral notebooks, 24-count crayons, 3-prong portfolios, 4-oz glue bottles, blunt children's scissors, ballpoint pens, calculators, composition books, erasers, folder paper, rulers and backpacks. The RTL program has raised more than $12,000 in monetary contributions and collected enough school supplies to form 3,115 school supply kits (valued at approximately $31,000), which benefited more than 6,000 students as of April 2017. In addition to dropping off donations at the nearest American Savings Bank, individuals and corporate community partners can support the RTL program by organizing fundraising drives, volunteering to pack the school supply kits or making a donation from June 1 to July 31, 2017.
Individuals who would like to host a school supply drive or volunteer to help the RTL program should download and complete a RTL Community Partner Application. Email the completed form to rtl@helpinghandshawaii.org, and a RTL team member will contact individuals with additional information and assistance. Volunteer groups are welcome beginning in May. A list of RTL Community Partners and donation drop-off locations will be listed on our website as information becomes available.
Additionally, the public can donate to the RTL program online at www.HelpingHandsHawaii.org and click on the PayPal link to make a gift. Contributions from June 1 to July 31, 2017 are automatically earmarked for the RTL program, or donate by mail by sending checks, made payable to “Helping Hands Hawaii”, to Ready to Learn Program, c/o Helping Hands Hawaii, 2100 N. Nimitz Hwy., Honolulu, HI 96819. Write “Ready to Learn” in the memo section. In person donations are also accepted on weekdays between 8 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. at Helping Hands Hawaii's main office at 2100 N. Nimitz Hwy., Honolulu, HI 96819.
To apply for the RTL program, students in grades K to 12 must be recommended by a case manager from a participating referral organization. Partner agencies include Catholic Charities Hawaii, The Salvation Army, Child & Family Service, Parents & Children Together, Liliuokalani Trust, Hawaii Department of Health, Hawaii Department of Human Services and other well-established social service providers. Students and their parents are encouraged to reach out to these organizations if they require assistance. The deadline to apply for the program is Friday, June 23, 2017. For more details, contact James Li at jamesli@helpinghandshawaii.org or 808-440-3812.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
As they tried to put my smashed up car on the hoist of a tow-truck, there was this terrible crunching sound, metal bits and shards of plastic falling onto the street below.
My daughter and everyone else involved in the accident were fine, if shaken, and I had this terrible thought for which I still feel a significant measure of guilt.
"Hoooray!!!!!!"
As you may have read last week, my oldest kid put a serious dent in my ride earlier this month, colliding with another driver at an intersection not far from our home. Everybody involved in the collision, for which they were not at fault, walked away and that is, by far, the most important part of that story.
But here's the other thing: I kind of hated that car.
I bought it almost three years ago against my own better judgment, in spite of reviews from trusted magazines, contrary to advice from people I knew who owned the same model and — this is the one that really came back to haunt me — the express and clearly stated opinion of my wife.
But I was sick owning a succession of exceedingly practical, remarkably reliable and desperately boring cars from Asian-based manufacturers. I've always dreamed of owning a fancy car, a sporty car, an expensive car, but have never been rich enough to own one (or dumb enough to borrow what I needed to get there.) So last time, I bought something that felt kind of fancy and kind of sporty but was actually pretty cheap.
It was an exceedingly bad idea.
I'd hoped to avoid the reliability issues this particular car was notorious for but instead, I endured virtually every one. The alternator went just weeks after purchase. There were persistent issues with the electrical system. The wheel bearings went. Then, like a scene in a terrible TV comedy, a door handle broke off in my hands. I'm not sure I drove two weeks without a light on the dashboard, accompanied by some terrible bleating noise, tormenting me.
It was also exceedingly impractical. It was teeny-tiny, with just two doors and a cramped rear seat. My youngest daughter, already taller than their sister, was often relegated to the back because of expert sibling manipulation and had to fold themselves into a painful, awkward pretzel just to get in and out. Them protestations almost drowned out the bleating warning noises.
Hear the radio version of this story.
TDOT is discouraging Tennesseans from trying to chase a view of next week's eclipse on the interstate, whether to dodge clouds or lengthen the viewing time. Emergency responders aren't sure what to expect, but they're worried about the potential for gridlock or even chaos.
Transportation officials are pushing out videos on social media, warning that the rules of the road still apply during the once-in-a-lifetime celestial show.
"Remember, it is illegal to park on the shoulder of interstates and state highways for any reason other than an emergency," TDOT spokesperson Heather Jensen says.
TDOT estimates that Tennessee is the closest place in the country for 55 million people to take in the eclipse. And it's impossible to know how many could flood into the path of totality.
Firefighters are lining up ATVs in case they do have to get around jammed up interstates. But TDOT is telling drivers to find somewhere — anywhere — off the highway to park and enjoy the show. And after the eclipse, transportation officials have another reminder — take off those super dark shades for driving.
PCW Ultra held its second show of 2018, titled Tuff Luck, on March 16th. This show was set to feature the rematch between Rob Van Dam and Penta el Zero M and the United States debut of Jordan Devlin.
This year, the promotion has started airing their shows live via iPPV on Fite TV. Adding that to them making all of their shows free for Amazon Prime members you really have to commend PCW Ultra for working on getting extra exposure for their product.
I watched the show live via Fite TV myself, so this review is based off the broadcast versus the live experience. I'm a firm believer that live wrestling is always better than watching it on a screen, especially at the independent level.
Before the show began airing, the promotion announced to the live audience that they are adding a women's title and Ricky Steamboat will be at their May show. The show opened with a really well produced intro video followed by some banter between the commentary team of Todd Keneley and Christian Cole.
Before I get into the matches I want to say something about the show's production values. I wrote about one of their videos last year and was very critical of the production. I can say they have improved by leaps and bounds. The lighting when wrestlers are outside the ring could use some work and for some reason it seemed like the crowd mics got turned way down after intermission and you could barely hear the crowd. Other than that, the production was very well done.
Hammerstone over Brody King [10'39]
After starting with some hard chops by Brody King, the match started out pretty even. They went outside and Hammerstone hit a Death Valley Driver on the apron. Not to be outdone, King powerbombed Hammerstone into the apron and it looked like Hammerstone took it on the head and neck. Hammerstone eventually won with a Nightmare Pendulum. This was a good opener and did a good job of showcasing both wrestlers.
Rating: ***
After the match the rest of Warbeast came out and attacked Brody King for losing.
Eli Everfly over Chris Bey [7'05]
This was fast paced with some nice innovative offense from both wrestlers. It's a shame this only went seven minutes because if they had more time they could have done something special. On commentary Christian Cole mentioned that Bey gets their hair done at The Predator's hair salon. Eli Everfly won with an Avalanche Underhook Canadian Destroyer, which looked crazy.
Rating: *** 1/4
Flip Gordon over Garza Jr. [10'12]
The beginning of the match was built around who would get to remove their pants first. Seriously. This started out fairly slow but once it picked up it was really good. With it being a short match, they probably should have picked up the pace earlier. Still, this was good. Flip Gordon won with the Star Spangled Stunner.
Rating: ***
Kikutaro over Swoggle [8'28]
Kikutaro is the greatest comedy wrestler of all time and they couldn't save this. There was a funny sequence where Kikutaro mimicked The Great Muta, bad leg and all. They later tried to put Swoggle in a Figure Four but Swoggle's legs weren't long enough. Kikutaro hit the Go-to Shit (a Go-to Sleep that hits their opponent in the butt instead) for the win. This was average.
Rating: **
During intermission they showed a match from a prior show which was a nice touch. Much better than a blank screen or listening to the commentary team talk for 15 minutes.
Shane Strickland over Douglas James and Jordan Devlin to win the PCW Ultra Light Heavyweight title [12'40]
This was supposed to be Douglas James versus Jordan Devlin but Shane Strickland came out and said they were cheated out of the title and they wanted in the match. The commentary did a good job all night talking about this and explaining what had happened previously. Both James and Devlin agreed to let Strickland in the match. This was really good and they did a good job of avoiding the standard triple threat setup where one guy is out while the other two wrestles for the most part. This was really nicely paced and everyone looked great in it. Douglas James has really been the heart and soul of PCW as they have been on every show and is consistently having some of the best matches in the promotion. Like a few other matches on the show, I wish they had gotten more time, but this was great. Strickland hit a Storm Cradle Driver on James but James got their foot on the rope. When Devlin was trying to get back in the ring they knocked James' foot off the rope, allowing Strickland to get the pin.
Rating: *** 3/4
Warbeast (Josef & Fatu) over Damian 666 & Bestia 666 to retain the PCW Ultra Tag Team titles [8'48]
This is one of those matches that was probably wild and exciting for the live audience, or at least the live audience near where the outside brawling is taking place, but doesn't translate to video. With the action in two different places you can only really get half the match. That means they kept cutting away from a pretty interesting matchup with Fatu and Bestia to show some boring brawling between Josef and Damian. Aside from the asupervisorstioned interaction between Fatu and Bestia, this wasn't very good. Brody King came out late, handcuffed Damian, and that allowed Josef to beat on them till the ref stopped the match. Someone at the show sent me a text saying fans were throwing stuff in the ring, which lead me to ask if it was heat or people were mad about the bad match. They said “take your pick.” No one on Warbeast is a bad wrestler, but they've gone all in on this “all violence is legal” gimmick and it doesn't translate well to video. This wasn't good.
Rating: * 1/4
Penta el Zero M over Rob Van Dam to retain the PCW Ultra Heavyweight title [11'45]
Penta el Zero M hit RVD with the title to start the match. A lot of this match took place outside of the ring, which I can't imagine made it a good match for the half of the crowd who couldn't see what was going on. When they finally got in the ring, there was a ref bump and RVD rolled up Penta. The lights went out for some reason, which I'm sure was a technical issue as nothing happened, and then Penta hit a Penta Driver for the pin. This really wasn't very good. Penta el Zero M is great and Rob Van Dam has had much better showings in PCW than this, but this just was poorly put together with an over booked ending. If you really want to see a match between these two wrestlers, check out their first meeting at PCW's Clear the Way.
Rating: * 3/4
The first half of this show, minus the comedy match, was really good. The last two matches were not. That has really been the issue with PCW Ultra lately, a really strong undercard followed by a much weaker top of the card. Still, it is worth at least checking out the early stuff on this show, especially if you are an Amazon Prime member and you can watch for free once it has been added there.
PCW Ultra will be back on May 4.
GENEVA (Sputnik) - Former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont has said that they are ready for talks with the central government in Madrid, and believes that their return would be evidence of the normalization of politics and democracy in the country.
Puigdemont arrived in Geneva on the weekend to attend a human rights film festival. The Swiss authorities said that Bern would not prevent the politician from visiting the country despite their active Spanish arrest warrant.
"I would respond with great pleasure to any proposals for dialogue or attempts to create a space for discussion. The current conflict can be resolved only this way, rather than a prison term of 25 or 30 years, expulsion or humiliation… My return would be good news for democracy. It would become a symptom of the normalization of politics," Puigdemont told Le Temps newspaper in an interview.
READ MORE: Professor of Law Explains Why 2nd Catalonia Independence Referendum 'Nonsense'
The politician noted that they did not consider themselves to be the former head of Catalonia, and even appealed to the authorities of Spain to allow the Catalan parliament to elect the head of the government. Madrid has, however, hindered this in every possible way.
Spanish authorities have opened a criminal case against about 30 Catalan politicians and officials and arrested four of them. Puigdemont, as well as several advisers of the dissolved Catalan government, fled Spain before the trial.
READ MORE: Catalan Independence: No Meaningful Political Solution from Madrid — Analyst
Their trials are connected with the independence vote Catalonia held on October 1, the results of which Madrid does not recognize. On October 27, the Catalan parliament adopted a declaration of independence, but the Spanish Senate swiftly approved the imposition of Madrid's direct governance over Catalonia. The regional parliament and the government were dissolved, and a snap election was held on December 21.
READ MORE: Former Catalan President Puigdemont Says Political Allies Sacrificed Him
[India], May 31 (ANI): Following the terrorist attack on an Army's patrolling party in the wee hours of Thursday, bodies of two terrorists were recovered after a search operation was launched in Jammu and Kashmir's Kupwara district.
The incident took place around Qaziabad forests situated in Kralgund area of the district.
The firing was retaliated and triggered off following a brief gunfight between the security forces and terrorists.
On Wednesday, a suspected terrorist lobbed a grenade at the residence of National Conference leader Mohammad Ashraf Bhat in Pulwama's Tral town.
On the same day, terrorists hurled a grenade towards a joint checkpoint of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Jammu and Kashmir police in Pulwama district. (ANI)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ESCONDIDO, Calif. -- A retired security guard was behind bars Monday for allegedly murdering a retiree in northern San Diego County more than three decades ago, according to KSWB.
“A promise was made 32 years ago by the daughter of the decedent, that we would find and bring the killer to justice and that's happened,” said Escondido Police Chief Craig Carter. Nathan Eugene Mathis, 62, was arrested last week at their Ontario home in connection with the fatal stabbing of 75-year-old Richard Finney of Escondido, according to police.
On the morning of Nov. 13, 1986, Finney was found stabbed to death in their living-room chair at the East Mission Avenue apartment where they lived by himself, Lt. Ed Varso said. Money, jewelry and other miscellaneous items belonging to the victim had been stolen.
Detectives who initially investigated the homicide collected evidence at the crime scene, including two knives used in the deadly assault, fingerprints and blood. They were unable to identify a suspect, however, and the case eventually went cold, the lieutenant said.
In 2007, Escondido Police Department cold-case homicide investigators Chuck Gaylor and Norman Wight reopened the investigation.
"Technological advances not available in 1986 allowed them to have further testing completed on the previously collected blood evidence," Varso said. "The testing revealed the DNA profile of a potential suspect."
The newly obtained information was compared with known genetic profiles in a national database but resulted in no matches.
It's incredibly frustrating because having a bloody palm print with two DNA profiles, suspect and victim's blood on this blood print it's basically having the silver bullet for a case,” said Retired Escondido Police Sgt. Chuck Gaylor.
In 2016, EPD forensic fingerprint expert Cassaundra Barnes used new technology that allowed for a better quality photograph of a fingerprint collected from Finney's apartment. The improved image, in combination with advances in fingerprint comparison databases and comparisons of Mathis' DNA with the genetic material collected from Finney's apartment in 1986, led to Mathis' identification as a suspect in the case.
Mathis was booked into county jail in Vista, where they are being held on a $3 million bail.
“The victim is deceased, they were stabbed to death 31 times and now you have a mixture of their blood along with the suspect's. So it's frustrating in the sense that until you can get a name to compare absent making a hit through CODIS, you just have to wait, and be persistent,” said Gaylor.
The motive for the slaying remains unclear, the lieutenant said. Though Mathis lived in northern San Diego County at the time, there is no evidence that they knew the victim or had met them prior to the homicide, according to Varso.
33.119207 -117.086421
Cleaning and other staff at Limassol hospital said they will be staging a 12-hour strike on Wednesday to protest problems created by lack of staff at the state facility.
Unions had planned a strike for last Tuesday but eventually called it off after talks started with the health ministry.
Negotiations however, did not yield any results, prompting unions to take industrial action.
The strike includes clerks, cleaning staff, ward assistants, and messengers.
Skeleton staff will be working in surgeries, the ICU, and A&E.
LIVERPOOL MANAGER Jurgen Klopp believes a top-four finish in the Premier League should be considered a successful season for the club.
Klopp's side sit third in the table with 13 games remaining, although fifth-placed Tottenham – their opponents Sunday – are just two points adrift.
With Manchester City well clear at the top, Liverpool's only chance of winning a trophy this campaign shapes as the Champions League, in which they face Porto in the last 16.
Klopp said if their team managed a top-four finish, that should be enough for their season to be considered a success.
“When you start a season you can dream of something and you have to make a realistic target as well,” the German said.
“I think being champion is probably the dream – not only at Liverpool but especially at Liverpool – but because of the season City is playing that is quite difficult.
“If you cannot be first then I would prefer to be second but if you are second, third or fourth at the end of the season all three positions are good and similarly difficult to reach.
“Everybody thinks Arsenal are away but they are not. If there is one matchday when one of us loses and Arsenal win then they are five points [behind] and off they go. Tottenham is in the group with all of us for the Champions League positions at the moment so for sure it [a top-four finish] would be a success.”
LIverpool take on Tottenham on Sunday in what is a crucial clash of top-four hopefuls.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
FILE PHOTO: The AngloAmerican logo is seen in Rusternburg, South Africa, October 5, 2015. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko/File Photo
SANTIAGO Anglo American (AAL.L) plans to restart production shortly at its El Soldado copper mine in Chile as regulators have approved a new permit plan for the deposit, the company said late Thursday.
Anglo stopped operations at El Soldado on Feb. 17 after regulators rejected an initial redesign of the mine, saying there was a potential for collapse where the project crossed former underground operations.
The miner has said it believed its original plans were safe but submitted a revised version of the redesign, which Anglo said on Thursday the government had approved.
"As a result of this decision, Anglo American will immediately adopt the necessary measures to operate the mine as soon as possible," the company said in a statement.
Anglo American, the majority-owner of El Soldado, had said that if it did not receive the necessary permits it might walk away from the deposit altogether.
The mine has lost money in recent years, and management has been following an aggressive savings plan against the backdrop of depressed copper prices.
El Soldado produced 47,000 tonnes of copper in 2016, making it relatively small by Chilean standards. The mine is part of the Anglo American Sur complex, in which Chile's state-run Codelco [COBRE.UL] and Japan's Mitsubishi (8058.T) and Mitsui (8031.T) also hold stakes.
(Reporting by Antonio de la Jara and Gram Slattery; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Thousands of Ingalls Shipbuilding workers will get a lot of extra money in the paychecks this week. It's the second installment of a contract bonus from a new contract deal the company and unions reached last November.
The deal includes two bonus checks totaling $2,500 each. Many businesses are hoping those employees spend their extra cash with them.
"We're hoping they're large enough to spend it on cars," said Flagship Auto Owner Anthony Spiriti. "We always keep a few antiques just because I've been around antiques my whole life. So I enjoy antiques. So we keep a few of those, but our main focus is small family cars. But then we try to keep a selection of trucks and SUVs also."
Flagship Auto saw a boost when Ingalls workers were handed their first bonus checks back in December. Spiriti has been in the car business for 12 years and sees their fair share of Ingalls employees.
"They pass by here every day. So pretty regular we get Ingalls traffic, Ingalls customers," they said.
Business owners say they're hoping that extra money lands in their cash registers.
"The inexpensive cars are really hard to come by now, so we're hoping some of them will be getting two $2,500 checks for down payments," Spiriti said
The normal weekly payroll for Ingalls is $14.5 million. These bonuses more than double that, bringing the total to $32 million.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," they say, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," they say, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," they say.
While they largely praise the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," they say, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
It's Wednesday, so you know what that means: Muireann's Megamix was here and it knocked your socks off this lunch time. Every week we ask for your Desk Dancing videos and this week you did not dissappoint.
Without further ado, we give you our Desk Dancing heroes:
Dentist Phillip is on top of the world listening to #MuireannsMegamix 😂👏 pic.twitter.com/OHfPHtEPX6 — Today FM (@TodayFM) July 4, 2018
This is Zoe bopping away to #MuireannsMegamix 😍👩‍🦲❤️ pic.twitter.com/3KpNAPYk6F — Today FM (@TodayFM) July 4, 2018
MICHIGAN — The 64th annual Fortune 500 list is out, and while the usual suspects dominated the top of the list, 30 companies from Michigan were listed too.
The 500 companies account for $12.8 trillion in revenue — two-thirds of America's gross domestic product — employ more than 28 million people across the globe. In other words, they're vital to the global economy.
You'll recognize many of the top companies — Walmart topped the list for the sixth straight year and Amazon cracked the top 10 — but you might not know all the companies from our state. The highest ranked company in Michigan was General Motors, followed by Ford Motor and Dow DuPont.
Here are all the Fortune 500 companies in Michigan:
General Motors
Rank: 10
Revenues ($M): $157,311
Rank: 10 Revenues ($M): $157,311 Ford Motor
Rank: 11
Revenues ($M): $156,776
Rank: 11 Revenues ($M): $156,776 DowDuPont
Rank: 47
Revenues ($M): $62,683
Rank: 47 Revenues ($M): $62,683 Penske Automotive Group
Rank: 139
Revenues ($M): $21,389
Rank: 139 Revenues ($M): $21,389 Whirlpool
Rank: 140
Revenues ($M): $21,253
Click here for the full list.
If you're buying a Porche for your child I don't think we can talk...unless it's a toy one. Then we're cool. However, the First Porsche – Wooden Cars has been recalled because the wheels might pop off creating a choking hazard for young ones.
The recall, announced by the Consumer Protection Safety Commission, advises anyone who ones one to contact a local authorized Porsche dealer to return the recalled toy car and receive a full refund.
This recall involves a blue wooden toy Porsche car with tan wheels. The Porsche crest is printed on the front of the recalled toy cars. “PORSCHE” is printed on both sides of the recalled toy cars. They measure about 4 inches long by 2 inches wide by 1 1/2 inches tall. The underside of the toy has “BAJO” and a lot number printed on it. The following lot numbers are included in this recall.
For more information on this recall, check out the official codes here.
See Also:
Suzanne Nelson owns Suzanne's Natural Foods.
They vouch for a homeopathic medicine called Oscillococcinum also called "Oselo" to help with flu symptoms.
"It's little tiny pellets in one tiny container that you just pour the whole thing under your tongue, for my kids I'll use like half a container. Three times a day and usually in two days you can knock the flu.one does will immediately start helping somebody feel better" says Nelson.
She's not the only one it's been effective for.
"It worked great for me. It gets rid of the chills, the fever, kinda the headache thing that goes on" says Shelby Allen, who tries natural remedies before going to a physician.
But Dr. Ron Seglie from the Via Christi and Mercy Clinic warns homeopathic remedies like Oselo are not effective for treating the flu.
They say that Oselo is made from the liver or heart of a certain breed of duck and diluted hundreds to thousands of times.
"So if you've diluted something by 100 times. The odds of finding a molecule of it in you bottle are pretty slim" says Dr. Seglie.
They instead recommend treating your flu like symptoms by staying hydrated and treating your fever with Tylenol.
If symptoms are serious, go to your physician and they'll likely give you some Tamiflu, not Oselo.
"The French had been using it for quite some time with no success, in fact the FDA asked this company Boiron to stop advertising it as a cure for the flu"
Nutritional health coach Erin Bremmerkamp says Oselo can reduce flu symptoms.
But there are also effective methods to prevent you from getting sick in the first place.
"I recommend vitamin C as an immune booster, vitamin D is also a great immune booster, elderberry can even be taken as an immune booster."
Whether the experts agree on Oselo's effectiveness or not, experts on both sides say if your symptoms persist or are severe, to go see your physician.
[India], July 4. (ANI): In a move to protect the environment and manage the garbage, Surat has installed 43 underground garbage bins, each of which can hold up to 1.5 tonnes of waste.
The city has become a trendsetter in waste management while other Indian cities are struggling with issues of exhausted landfills, unkept dumpyards and foul smell.
The garbage bins are equipped with sensors fitted inside them to alert the control room as soon as 70% of the container is full.
Having a capacity of up to 1.5 tonnes of waste each, the bins have been set up as part of the Smart City Mission.
These garbage bins have been installed on footpaths. Each of them has two openings or inlets. While one opening is for individuals to throw waste, the other is for the municipal carts to collect waste. These huge metal bins are lifted with cranes and emptied mechanically without any direct human involvement. Surat has also emerged as the fourth cleanest city in India as per the Swachh Survekshan in 2017.(ANI)
FIA World Rallycross Championship multiple race winner Andreas Bakkerud announced on Sunday night that they will be making their debut in the Andros Trophy, competing at the third round in Andorra next weekend.
Bakkerud will drive one of DA Racing‘s Renault Captur entries, which has also been driven in previous rounds of this years series by Formula E and FIA World Endurance Championship driver Nicolas Prost as well as French Rallycross Championship and FIA European Rallycross Championship driver Andrea Dubourg.
The car that Bakkerud will be sharing the car with fellow World RX driver and double Andros Trophy champion Jean-Baptiste Dubourg, who has secured the title in the last two seasons of the competition.
The Norwegian driver revealed their plans over Social Media before explaining more to Motorsport.com.
“It's a championship that I've been looking at doing for many years but never really had the time or possibility to do it,” said Bakkerud. “Snow and ice are typical Scandinavian conditions, but I have never been the totally sideways type of driver, so for sure there will be a lot for me to learn.”
After Hoonigan Racing and Ford Performance announced their plans to withdraw from World RX after the 2017 season, Bakkerud was left without a drive. However, the Norwegian driver is closing in on a deal for the 2018 season.
“We have had a super-busy month working with getting the details in place for a contract for the new WRX season,” said the former Ford Works driver. “But we have had to make time for that of course. You need to have some fun while working hard also, and this is just a pure fun project. My first test in the car will be at the race on Friday.”
With their debut only a few days away, Bakkerud is not looking to set expectations as they take on the best in the Andros Trophy for the first time.
“I have absolutely no expectation for results, but if I can be a better driver from it and learn something as well as having a great time it'll be just perfect for me. A big thanks to JB Dubourg and DA Racing for the chance to finally take part in this legendary race series that so many well-known drivers have done before me.”
March 29 Tabuk Cement
* Says signs agreement to restructure outstanding loan from Bank Albilad
* Existing credit facility of 478.6 million riyals to mature on March 29, 2024 as per new agreement
* Secures additional credit facility of 21 million riyals, to mature on March 29, 2020 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Skanska Ab
* Skanska has signed a contract with Burrard Development to build a 40-story residential tower in Seattle, USA.
* Orderworth 152 million USD, around 1.4 billion SEK.
* Which will be included in the US order bookings for the first quarter of 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Johan Sennero)
The Irish were lucky this afternoon.
The Hibernia Marching Society's 40th annual St. Patrick's Day parade rolled through downtown Biloxi
A mosque in northwest Germany may no longer broadcast its Friday midday call to prayer by loudspeaker for now after a local court upheld a challenge by a couple who live nearly 1km away.
The Gelsenkirchen administrative court found that the town of Oer-Erkenschwick had not assessed the local Muslim community's request properly in 2013, but a court spokesperson said on Friday that this did not prevent the mosque making a new application.
The local Christian couple had argued that the call to prayers violated their own religious rights.
Anti-Muslim sentiment and support for anti-immigration policies are growing in many parts of Germany after the influx of well over a million migrants from Iraq, Syria and other mostly Muslim countries, beginning in 2015.
Huseyin Turgut, a senior official with the affected mosque, said the court's decision was disappointing.
“The call to prayer lasts for two minutes, just around 1pm, but only on Fridays,” they said. “We've never had any complaints and we have German neighbours who are much closer – just 10 metres away.”
The town's administration could not immediately be reached for comment.
According to sources to the New York Times, the operation started late in 2015 and accounted for over 100 airstrikes that have helped the Egyptian army regain control over the peninsula. Neither Israeli nor Egyptian officials have confirmed the information.
The Israeli air force conducted a covert operation against Daesh (banned in Russia) militants on the Sinai Peninsula, which was allegedly sanctioned by the Egypt president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, according to the New York Times, citing seven former and acting UK and US officials.
The report specifies, the operation began late in 2015, after terrorists captured northern Sinai and blew up a Russian airplane with tourists. Unmarked Israeli UAV, attack helicopters and jet fighters conducted over 100 airstrikes during a 2 year operation, picking routes mimicking the flightpaths of Egyptian air forces.
READ MORE: Daesh Efforts to Expand From Sinai Risk Attacks Against Hamas in Gaza — Reports
American sources to the newspaper noted that the airstrikes played a key role in the success of the Egypt forces' ground operation against militants, despite the fact that the Israeli side remained dissatisfied with how it was carried out.
Neither representatives of the Israeli and Egyptian armies, nor the Egyptian Foreign Ministry have confirmed the newspaper's information from the sources.
Egypt is one of the two Arab countries, along with Jordan, that cooperate with Israel.
By Melissa Luz T. Lopez
Senior Reporter
INFLATION will come in above 4% this year even under the revised consumer price index rolled out by government, analysts at ANZ Research said, with price pressures piling on from new taxes and robust economic growth.
The bank expects full-year inflation to average 4.1% under the 2012 base year, still above the 2-4% target range set by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP).
“Despite a milder pace of increase in the new series (relative to the old base), recent trends still point to a significant acceleration in inflation,” ANZ analysts said in a report published yesterday.
“Even in the new series, we note a significant acceleration in inflation in recent months.”
February inflation rose to 3.9% from 3.4% in January under the rebased index using 2012 prices, according to the Philippine Statistics Authority. It was the highest level in over three years.
Using the 2006 base, inflation was 4.5% last month, well above the target range and higher than the 4.3% estimate of the BSP at its Feb. 8 policy meeting.
Month on month, prices of basic goods and services rose by 0.8%, which the BSP said reflects the “full pass-through” cost of the additional levies imposed through the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion (TRAIN) law which took effect Jan. 1.
The central bank expects inflation to keep rising over the next few months as the full impact of TRAIN creeps in, although BSP Governor Nestor A. Espenilla, Jr. said the authorities do not expect price increases to exceed 5% for 2018.
By 2019, inflation is expected to return within the 2-4% range.
ANZ noted that the pace of increase in inflation using the 2012 base is slower than the 2006 model as food items under the new consumer basket are seen to have “relatively stable” prices. On the other hand, a bigger weight is given on transport expenses, which could see quicker pickups given a trend increase in oil prices.
“The key message from both the series therefore is that price pressures are rising. Both the recent tax reforms and above trend growth have contributed to this trend,” analysts Shashank Mendiratta and Sanjay Mathur wrote.
“In our view, inflation of this order warrants policy tightening. However, recent comments from the BSP have doused rate hike expectations,” the global bank said.
“Needless to say, the combination of high inflation and a weaker balance of payments will be reflected in the performance of the peso.”
The peso has been trading around the P52 level in recent weeks, and even touched fresh 11-year lows back in February when it hit P52.34 against the dollar.
ANZ has abandoned its forecast of two rate hikes from the BSP's Monetary Board this year, following dovish remarks made by the central bank governor.
Mr. Espenilla has said that the monetary authorities do not have to “necessarily react” to the February inflation level, noting that they are more concerned with the inflation outlook as there could be a “long lag” between monetary policy action and its actual impact on the real economy.
The BSP governor also pointed out that the authorities remain comfortable with a market-determined exchange rate, but noted that the central bank intervenes during daily trading to temper any sharp swings of the currency and ward off speculators taking advantage of the market.
Analysts expect the BSP to keep borrowing rates steady on Thursday, although nearly half pointed out the need to raise rates in order to keep up with inflation and keep market rates competitive.
A YOUNG Australian teenager who was left for dead due to an ‘inoperable' brain tumour has defied doctor's predictions, surviving a surgery only one surgeon was brave enough to perform.
Ciara Nelson, 18, is recovering at their Melbourne home after having a lifesaving operation thanks to Sydney neurosurgeon Charles Teo, who reportedly said it was the “most difficult surgery” they had ever performed.
Ciara's mother, Colleen Nelson, claimed Dr Teo removed 100 per cent of the deadly tumour in a “gamble” that saw their daughter undergo five-hour keyhole surgery.
MORE: Nurses dish on embarrassing injuries of emergency patients
MORE: Baby dies from suspected case of meningococcal in South Australia
It's some much-needed good news for the family, after Ciara realised they were living with a deadly cancer, which was only discovered because they hit their head during a netball game in 2016.
Ciara was diagnosed with a high-grade glioma which doctors reportedly said couldn't be removed due to risks of brain damage, stroke or death.
“I think we are very fortunate to have them in this country, that's for sure, because no one else would tough her,” Mrs Nelson told Nine News.
“No one would touch them with a 10-foot pole and we are just lucky that they took a gamble and was able to do it.”
Despite the relief that surgery went well, Ciara still has a four week wait ahead of them to make sure the tumour was completely removed.
“She is getting stronger every day.  They are still very tired and it is going to take a while. There is a little bit of disturbance to their vision, but we are hoping that it's only temporary,” Mrs Nelson said.
Mrs Nelson, a mother-of-three, first thought Ciara suffered a concussion when they started vomiting after a fall during a netball game in May, 2016.
But in a horrific discovery, Ciara had a lesion on their brain and their GP referred them to Monash Medical Centre in Victoria.
A follow-up MRI found Ciara's tumour was high grade.
“They admitted them so quickly. By the afternoon, the neurosurgeon told us they had a glioma in their brain,” Mrs Nelson said
What followed was a year of medical appointments, scans and disappointments from doctors who thought a surgery on Ciara was too risky to perform.
Knowing the ordeal ahead of them, Colleen set up a Go Fund Me page to raise money for the cause, which has since December 2016 garnered more than $130,000 in donations.
Any money raised that is not used for Ciara's treatment will be donated to support other families who have children with brain tumours.
A Grandview man is dead after a standoff ended with police shooting the 60-year-old as they charged them wielding a pair of swords.
Scroll for more content...
Their family now blames their actions on a medical condition.
The incident happened Sunday afternoon on 148th Street, just east of Interstate 49.
Police were called to the scene on Sunday afternoon after a family member called saying they were worried about the man and wanted to make sure they were safe. The man who answered the door had two Samurai swords and rushed officers, according to the Missouri Highway Patrol.
Officers initially fired bean bags at the man but those didn't stop him. A police officer then discharged a service weapon.
"He was carrying two swords...two Samurai swords," said Missouri Highway Patrol Sergeant Bill Lowe. "Both of the beanbags struck the individual. They were not effective."
Officers administered first aid to the suspect, who was taken to the hospital. Larry San Nicolas, 60, later died at the hospital according to police.
Family members tell KCTV5 News San Nicolas was having a manic episode as a result of an insulin imbalance.
The wife of now-dead Nicolas says they were having a particularly bad episode Sunday, throwing old records and having delusions. They say they just needed an insulin shot and they wanted police to check on him.
Neighbors described them as a kindhearted and outgoing man who loved chatting with others on the block.
"It's heartbreaking," said neighbor Heather Faudel. "He was a favorite. I'm speechless. There are no words. The whole thing is tragic."
They said they recognized the man as their neighbor after they were wounded. They described them as a familiar face in the neighborhood.
The Missouri Highway Patrol initially said an officer was injured in the altercation, but did not mention that in their recent updates on scene.
Authorities are actively investigating the incident.
The rebate has won the debate…for now.
This was disclosed by president of the National Council on Public Transportation Godfrey Ferdinand who provided an update on the minibus owners' solution to buffering the effects of the rising cost of fuel, among other things.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
March 19 (UPI) -- Alessandra Ambrosio enjoyed a girls night following their rumored split from their fiancé.
The 36-year-old Brazilian model stepped out with friends Saturday after reportedly calling it quits with Jamie Mazur.
Ambrosio shared a photo the next day on Instagram with fellow models Ludi Delfino, Talita Correa and Thaila Ayala at friend Michelli Buback's birthday celebration. The group visited Petite Taqueria in West Hollywood.
"About last night ... celebrating @inspiresmi #girlpower #girlgang," Ambrosio captioned the picture.
Us Weekly reported Friday that Ambrosio and Mazur have ended their 10-year engagement. The model hasn't posted a photo with Mazur since December.
"They [have] been trying to keep their split on the down low, but Alessandra has been out and about ready to mingle and hasn't been taking Jamie to anything," a source said.
Ambrosio shares 9-year-old daughter Anja Louise and 5-year-old son Noah Phoenix with Mazur. They shared a cute picture with their kids this month during a trip to Palm Desert, Calif.
"#Calilife," the star captioned the snapshot.
☀️🌺☀️ #Calilife A post shared by Alessandra Ambrosio (@alessandraambrosio) on Mar 11, 2018 at 2:08pm PDT
Ambrosio is best known for their modeling work with Victoria's Secret. They have also modeled for such brands as Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana and Christian Dior.
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox!
Name * First Last
Email *
Aston Martin Red Bull Racing team principal Christian Horner has issued Daniel Ricciardo with an ultimatum regarding the Australian's contract renewal.
Ricciardo's current contract with Red Bull ends at the end of this season and the recent Chinese Grand Prix winner has made it clear that they want to drive for a team capable of winning world championships.
Rumours have linked Ricciardo with both Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport and Scuderia Ferrari as a possible replacement for Valtteri Bottas and Kimi Raikkonen, although Ricciardo has expressed a desire to stay put…if Red Bull can provide a worthy car.
Horner though, has issued Ricciardo with a deadline of August to make a decision on their future.
“There should be a decision by the summer break at the latest,” Horner is quoted as saying by Auto Motor Und Sport. “We do not want to wait forever.
“We have other good options. Our priority is to continue working with Daniel. If that does not work, we'll pull the other options.”
If Ricciardo were to leave Red Bull, with whom he's raced for since 2014, then Carlos Sainz Jr. would be the logical choice to step into the vacant seat according to Horner.
“The most obvious is Carlos Sainz,” Horner added. “He is under contract with us. And then there are a few young drivers.”
The only information Ricciardo has revealed regarding their desire of a new contract is that they want a two-year deal so they can assess the pecking order ahead of the next big regulation change in 2021.
“I don't want to sign anything too long because I don't know where the sport's going,” they told The Times. “I think two years I can definitely be comfortable with and then see it from there.”
Culminating a nearly 10 year effort, researchers have determined the atomic resolution structure of a key molecule that translates signals from a cell's local environment into a language that the cell can understand and use. The determination of the architecture of the Inositol Tris-Phosphate Receptor (IP3R) had long been considered a major goal in biomedical research because of its strategic role inside cells as a molecular train station for transferring signals that control many cell functions. The structure is expected to contribute to the development of better therapeutic approaches for many diseases. The work was conducted by a team at RIKEN Brain Science Institute under the direction of Professor Katsuhiko Mikoshiba, whose laboratory cloned the first IP3R gene in 1989.
In all living cells, chemical signals are harnessed for intracellular communication. The inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate (IP3) is one such signal that binds to the IP3 receptor (IP3R) to release calcium ions (Ca2+) from intracellular Ca2+ stores such as the endoplasmic reticulum. The IP3R-embedded Ca2+ stores are distributed in various microdomains within cells and have pivotal roles in processes as diverse as neural communication, differentiation, plasticity, and metabolism. Of the three genes identified, the brain dominant type 1 IP3R (IP3R1) is genetically causative for spinocerebellar ataxia 15/16/29 and Gillespie syndrome, and regulates cellular waste disposal processes implicated in the etiology of neurodegenerative diseases including Alzheimer's disease. Although the important roles of IP3R in normal and disease conditions are well known, understanding how IP3 signals trigger the opening of the Ca2+ channel was elusive.
The new IP3R1 crystal structure reveals a rich cosmos of atomic scale details on its function. IP3R1 is a micromachine of 20 nm in diameter that contains two functional sub-structures, an IP3 binding site and a Ca2+ channel pore. The distance from the IP3-binding site to the channel pore is 7 nm, the longest among similar ion channels, and the fundamental question of how IP3-binding physically opens the channel from a long range has been unanswered in the decades since the gene was cloned. X-ray crystallography of the large cytosolic domain of a mouse IP3R1 in the absence and presence of IP3, at the RIKEN SPring-8 ion beam factory, pinpointed a long-range mechanism involving an IP3-dependent global movement of a part of the receptor called the curvature α-helical domain that serves as a bridge between the cytosolic and channel domains. Mutagenesis of this bridge revealed the essential role of a leaflet structure in the α-helical domain that relays IP3 signals to the channel, and may help to explain how long-range coupling from IP3 binding to the Ca2+ channel occurs.
The findings reveal similarities and differences with a recently published report on the IP3R using a completely different method called cryo-electron microscopy. In the related study, a group led by Irina Serysheva from the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston proposed that channel activation by IP3 may occur by direct binding of the C-terminus and IP3-binding domain and coupling from the IP3-binding domain to neighboring subunits. The current data disagree with these conclusions, instead suggesting that IP3-binding site to the leaflet region underlies the dynamic structural changes by IP3. A comparison of the two structures reveals agreement on an immobile part of the curvature helical domain and a variable arrangement of other helical domains. The authors hypothesize that the immobile section would act as a rigid-body conducting a torque from IP3-binding sites to the channel domain, whereas the flexible regions would contribute to the dynamic properties of IP3R function.
Resolving the long-standing mystery of long-range communication that allows IP3 to open the channel will aid future rational drug design targeting the receptor that could allow a more diverse range of therapeutic avenues. The findings may also clarify IP3R roles in cellular senescence and tumor suppression linked to selective vulnerability of cancer cells. Surprisingly, the study also clarifies a role of IP3Rs in the function of pathogenic unicellular organisms like Trypanosoma cruzi, the parasite of Chagas disease, and brucei, that causes African trypanosomiasis or sleeping sickness. The team identified an amino acid sequence in the leaflet that is conserved in parasites, suggesting structural insights that may assist in drug discovery for these devastating conditions.
###
Reference
Hamada K, Miyatake H, Terauchi A, Mikoshiba K (2017) IP3-mediated gating mechanism of the IP3 receptor revealed by mutagenesis and X-ray crystallography. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA doi: 10.1073/pnas1701420114
Members of the Sligo Leitrim Mountain Rescue Team have been among volunteers thanked for their assistance in the recovery of the body of a man who went missing in the Derryveagh Mountains in Co Donegal.
It is understood the remains were found after 6pm yesterday, Sunday evening, during a search co-ordinated by the Donegal Mountain Rescue Team. They were assisted by mountain rescue teams from Sligo and Leitrim and local coast guard units.
In a short statement on the Donegal Mountain Rescue Team facebook page last night it was noted: "Missing climber has been located and recovered from the mountain. Sadly not the outcome everybody had been hoping for. Ar dheis Dé go raibh a anam."
The statement went on to thank everyone involved in the search: "A huge thanks must go out to Sligo Leitrim Mountain Rescue Team; Rescue 118 official Bunbeg Coast Guard; North West Mountain Rescue Team; An Garda Síochána; Malin Head Coast Guard as well as all the other Mountain Rescue Teams and agencies that were on standby to assist if needed Monday from the rest of Ireland. A huge effort by all involved."
The missing man who has not yet been named, was last seen on Thursday, August 10 when they were spotted walking in the Sliabh Sneachta area of the Glenveagh National Park.
It is understood the man, who is originally from England but had a home in Donegal, may have died as a result of a fall.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
President Donald Trump said Sunday that they were considering pardoning former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was convicted of criminal contempt of court in July.
“I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,” Trump told Fox News on Sunday in an interview from their Bedminster, New Jersey golf club. “He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration. He's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him.”
“Is there anyone in local law enforcement who has done more to crack down on illegal immigration than Sheriff Joe?” Trump added. “He has protected people from crimes and saved lives. They don't deserve to be treated this way.”
Arpaio, who lost a re-election bid after 24 years in office last November, was convicted on July 31 of criminal contempt of court for refusing to follow a judge' orders to stop their practice of racially profiling individuals for traffic stops and detention who law enforcement officials believed could be undocumented immigrants.
Arpaio said last week that they were “not going to ask him,” about a pardon, referring to Trump, but that “many, many people around the country are saying, ‘Trump should pardon.'”
Responding to Trump's statement, Arpaio told Fox News: “I am happy they understand the case,” and “I would accept the pardon because I am 100 percent not guilty.”
Apraio was an early and fervent supporter of the President during the 2016 campaign. Trump referred to them as “Sheriff Joe.” The former sheriff has also gained infamy for what were widely viewed as inhumane detention practices.
Their Democratic successor, Sheriff Paul Penzone, pledged to close the “Tent City” jail, in which Arpaio housed inmates outdoors in the scorching Arizona heat.
This post has been updated.
The Rotary Club in North Shields has swung past the £50,000 fundraising mark after supporting St Oswald's Hospice for the past ten years.
The club has held a golfing competition every summer for two decades, raising more than £100,000 for charities.
And the most recent tournament, held on June 23, raised £5,000, meaning the club has now raised £53,848 for St Oswald's in the past ten years.
Past president Peter Matthew said: “The tournament is always a fantastic event and this year was no different. We attracted an increased number of teams and enjoyed a brilliant day with the rain holding off.
“St Oswald's provides a wonderful service to the region and is such a worthwhile charity, which relies heavily on fundraising and donations.
“We'd like to say an enormous thank you to Tynemouth Golf Club for being so hospitable and allowing us to host our event at the venue, and to all of our sponsors who helped us to raise as much money. Special thanks to the members of North Shields Inner Wheel who organised the raffle, which raised over £1,000.”
Natalie Santamera, community fundraiser at St Oswald's, said: “We owe a huge debt of gratitude to all the club members and supporters and hope to continue fundraising with them for many more years to come.”
The International Judo Federation (IJF) has released a promotional video to advertise this year's World Championships in Baku.
The one-minute film features images of Azerbaijan's capital city as well as star judoka.
Elements of Azeri culture are incorporated alongside local fans.
It comes with Baku scheduled to stage the flagship IJF competition between September 20 and 27.
Baku has been a regular fixture on the IJF circuit, hosting an annual top-tier Grand Slam event.
However, the 2015 European Games host has never staged the World Championships.
Olympic qualification points will be available at this year's event, when judoka will be well on the road to Tokyo 2020.
Ilham Aliyev, the President of Azerbaijan, was officially handed the first ticket for the World Championships in March.
The politician received the ticket from Sadig Sadigov, the vice president of the country's National Judo Federation.
Young judokas then performed a demonstration of the sport.
The IJF filmed a new episode of its Judo for the World series in Azerbaijan in May.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Kovalev Pentagon Orders Operational Flight Software Upgrades for F-16 Weapons System
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – The Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) has received a $13.4 million US Army contract to provide engineering and software support services to the Kingdom of Jordan, the Department of Defense said in a press release.
"SAIC [of] McLean, Virginia was awarded a $13.4 million modification to Foreign Military Sales (Jordan) contract for engineering and software support services," the announcement stated on Monday.
The Science Applications International Corporation is an American company headquartered in Tysons Corner, Virginia that provides government services and information technology support, according to published reports.
A Thai provincial governor says all 12 boys and their coach have been found alive in the cave
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as Thai Navy SEAL medic help injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand. (Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP)
Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Related: Thai boys and coach found alive in cave where they went missing
Related: Thai prime minister to families of missing boys: Have faith
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said they had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that their son would be found.
“It's like they have been given a new life,” they said, adding that she'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing, but they don't believe they have attempted any practice dives.
They said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted, but it is unlikely to be Wednesday.
“If it's risky or not safe, we will not proceed yet,” Narongsak said. “It has to be 100 per cent safe.”
Authorities said they were still exploring other options, such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave.
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now, and wait for the water to go down. That could take months, however, given that Thailand's rainy season typically lasts through October.
The British Cave Rescue Council, which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that “although water levels have dropped, the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering.”
Gary Mitchell, the group's assistant vice chairperson, said getting out of the cave requires about a kilometre (half a mile) of diving total, though not all in one stretch, and takes about three hours.
“There's air pockets along the way,” they said. “It's confined spaces. It's almost zero visibility. There are currents to battle against in places as well. So it's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in,” they said.
Tassanee Vejpongsa, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
NICHOLAS COUNTY, W.Va. (WCHS/WVAH by ANNA TAYLOR) — A Nicholas County man charged after West Virginia State Police found the body of a missing woman stuffed inside a refrigerator has been convicted of second-degree murder.
David Allen Geier, 65, was sentenced Tuesday to 15 years in prison and is eligible for parole in 10.
A body identified as Teresa Gwinn was found inside a refrigerator in April 2017 at a home in Richwood, troopers said. Troopers made the discovery while following up on a missing person complaint.
Troopers believe the victim was strangled during a fight on March 23, 2017.
Geier originally was charged with first-degree murder.
Comments
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA, June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ROSENBERG, Tx. - An 18-year-old is wanted by police for blindsiding this victim with one powerful punch.
Police say the 30-year-old victim was leaving Ruchi's Mexican Grill in Rosenberg when they were attacked.
They hit the pavement hard and was rushed to the hospital with serious injuries.
The suspect is 18-year-old Alejandro Maldonado.
Officers say they agreed to turn themselves in last week but never showed up.
Police say the years old so-called knockout game is to blame for the hit. Investigators say calling it a game is a bad idea ... they call it aggravated assault.
Police don't think the victim and the suspect know each other.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Tennessee general manager Jon Robinson got their NFL start as a scout with the New England Patriots, the same team their new head coach Mike Vrabel won three Super Bowl rings as a linebacker.
Yes, it seems like the Titans are trying to implement the Patriot Way in Music City.
Vrabel said that's what it looks like — until the Titans win big themselves.
“You have to be able to win championships before people start giving you ways to do things,” Vrabel said. “So that'll be our ultimate goal. … Until we can win a championship doing that, there's not going to be this Titan Way. It will be talked about in the building. But people from outside the building, they won't believe in us, they won't have faith in us until you win.”
The Titans introduced Vrabel as their new coach Monday. They agreed to terms with Vrabel just five days after firing Mike Mularkey coming off the franchise's first playoff win in 14 years.
This is the first head coaching job for Vrabel, 42.
Titans controlling owner Amy Adams Strunk noted Robinson and Vrabel have known each other for years. They also like Vrabel's experience and vision for building on back-to-back 9-7 seasons.
“I believe they will do everything they can to bring this town a championship,” Strunk said.
Vrabel is coming off their first season as defensive coordinator for the Texans. Vrabel started their NFL career in Pittsburgh under coach Bill Cowher before signing with New England under coach Bill Belichick, and they finished in Kansas City. In 2011, they joined the staff at their alma mater, Ohio State, coaching linebackers and then defensive linemen.
They said nobody's ever really ready to be a head coach for the first time in the NFL, though Vrabel feels as ready as they can be thanks to their doctorate degree in coaching they picked up working with some of the best in the game.
“There will be things that I take from New England, from Pittsburgh, from Ohio State, from Houston,” Vrabel said. “I mean there will be things that I take from everywhere. You draw on these experiences just like everybody else would in life … The nice thing is now there are things that I didn't like that Billy did, I get to change them. So there's things I like that they did, I get to use them.”
Vrabel went to Houston in 2014 and coached linebackers with the Texans for three seasons before becoming coordinator. The Texans won the AFC South in 2015 and 2016 thanks in part to strong defenses. The unit slipped this season amid injuries to players including J.J. Watt and Whitney Mercilus.
Building on the Titans' playoff win in Kansas City means putting Marcus Mariota in position to blossom. Whoever Vrabel hires as their offensive coordinator will be Mariota's third going into their fourth NFL season, and Ohio State co-offensive coordinator Ryan Day reportedly is the early favorite for the job in Tennessee.
“I think Amy's going to trust me to hire the right guy for Marcus,” Vrabel said. “Jon's going to trust me to hire the right guy for Marcus or I wouldn't have been hired.”
And Vrabel made it very clear they know the potential for Mariota, the 2014 Heisman Trophy winner and No. 2 pick overall in 2015. They recalled Mariota pulling a hamstring Oct. 1 against the Texans.
“A special talent, a special kid, and I can't wait to work with them and help them through taking that next step in their career,” Vrabel said.
This was Robinson's first head coaching search since being hired in January 2016, two days before the Titans took the interim tag off Mularkey. The Titans went 21-22 with Mularkey taking a team that had the NFL's worst record at 5-27 combined over 2014 and 2015 to a team that lost in the AFC divisional round to New England.
Mularkey was fired less than 48 hours after that loss. The Titans interviewed only three people with Vrabel first to meet with them Thursday. The Titans also interviewed Carolina defensive coordinator Steve Wilks and Los Angeles Rams offensive coordinator Matt LaFleur.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_mike-vrabelamy-adams-strunkjon-robinson-363c110f7ea35dc3.jpg
By Teresa M. Walker Associated Press Pro Football Writer
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL. Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL. Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
Uma Thurman is ready to share their story about Harvey Weinstein — the disgraced movie mogul who stands accused of sexual misconduct by more than 60 women.
The actor, who starred in several blockbusters produced by Weinstein, gave a bombshell interview to The New York Times where they detail a series of disturbing incidents, including an alleged assault in their London hotel room.
Saturday's article, by New York Times op-ed columnist Maureen Dowd, described the actor as “furious” that more legal action has not been taken against 65-year-old Weinstein. The Miramax and Weinstein Company co-founder was ousted from their professional roles last fall when allegations against them first surfaced publicly.
When reached for comment Saturday, a representative for Thurman said the Times article “speaks for itself” and declined to comment further.
Through a spokesperson, Weinstein has previously denied allegations of sexual assault.
When reached for comment regarding Thurman's allegations, a spokesperson said Weinstein was “saddened and puzzled” by their allegation of assault.
Weinstein's representative also sent photos that the spokesperson said “demonstrate the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years.”
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading their signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which they immediately apologized and deeply regrets,” the spokesperson said. “However, their claims about being physically assaulted are untrue.”
Dozens of women have come forward publicly to accuse Weinstein of misconduct following explosive reports in the New York Times and the New Yorker last year about their treatment of women, including young actores with whom they worked. They have been accused of rape, assault and other forms of sexual misconduct. Their representative said they sought treatment after the allegations were made public and that any allegations of non-consensual sex were “unequivocally denied.”
The decades of alleged abuse by Weinstein set in motion an ongoing anti-harassment movement that's been punctuated by campaigns including “#metoo.”
It's had ripple effects across multiple industries, taking down powerful men in the media and business worlds.
Thurman hinted months ago that they too had something to say about Weinstein. Last Thanksgiving, they wished everyone a happy holiday on Instagram, but added a scathing caveat: “Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators – I'm glad it's going slowly – you don't deserve a bullet.”
Thurman also told Dowd that, as they relived their experiences with Weinstein, they also drudged up another painful memory.
They said that, more than a decade ago, Weinstein's longtime studio collaborator, director Quentin Tarantino, coerced them into driving a rickety car down a dirt road on the set of the movie “Kill Bill,” which they ended up crashing into a palm tree. The actor said the incident left them in a neck brace and put their professional relationship with Tarantino on shaky ground.
The Times published footage of the incident, which Thurman says they obtained after 15 years.
They described the event as “dehumanization to the point of death.”
“Harvey assaulted me but that didn't kill me,” Thurman told Dowd. “What really got me about the crash was that it was a cheap shot. I had been through so many rings of fire by that point. I had really always felt a connection to the greater good in my work with Quentin and most of what I allowed to happen to me and what I participated in was kind of like a horrible mud wrestle with a very angry brother.”
A representative for Tarantino did not respond to a request for comment Saturday.
Thurman and Tarantino also worked together in their star-making role as Mia in 1994's “Pulp Fiction,” which Weinstein produced.
The Ross Art Museum is displaying Ohio Wesleyan University's biannual faculty fine art exhibition through March 30.
“It's the work of professors who teach photography, printmaking, ceramics, painting, sculpture, and etc,” said Tammy Wallace, Ross Art Museum assistant director. “This is their work.”
The gallery is a display of the inspirational works of Kristina Bogdanov, David Bugay, Cynthia Cetlin, Frank Hobbs, James Krehbiel, Jeffery Nilan and Jonathon Quick.
Wallace said the exhibition gives art students a chance to view the art of their professors. They said most of the artists displayed live in Delaware with the exception of one or two, but they do live in the central Ohio area.
“The biannual exhibition of faculty is so art students get to see what the faculty do in terms of their own practice,” they said.
Wallace said the faculty chooses the pieces to display in the exhibit.
“They drop the work off and then leave,” they said. “They have to leave, then I figure out how to make it all hang together.”
Wallace said their job is to create a flow to the exhibitions they hang. They said when they are picking out a show, they pick out artists that they know will work together.
“You just don't know what you're going to get with the faculty, but I'm really happy with the way that it turned out this year,” they said. “I think it flows really well. There are a lot of cool relationships between different artists.”
Wallace said the museum is a learning space and resource where art theory becomes practice for the students, faculty and community. They said the professors send students to study the work of not only the faculty, but the galleries of other artists on display.
“When you're learning how to write about art, the art history instructors will assign pieces to write about,” they said. “It's a teaching collection.”
The museum's permanent collection includes the photographic works of Ansel Adams, Alfred Stieglitz, Harry Callahan, Edward Weston and Ralph Gibson; paintings of Terrence LaNoue and Randall Tiedman; sculptures by Jackie Ferrara and David Hays; fine jewelry creations by Robert Ebendorf; and the ceramics works of Pablo Picasso and Andrea Gill.
Wallace said the permanent collection totals between 2,500 to 3,000 pieces. They said the collection is mostly photographs and prints with only a few pieces of sculpture.
When the 1911 building was renovated to become the museum there wasn't much space left for storage.
“It's much easier to store photographs and prints than it is a bunch of sculptures,” Wallace said. “But we do have few.”
Zion Sims, like many Ohio Wesleyan University art students, walked around in the Ross Art Museum Wednesday in search of the piece of art to feature in their first art history paper. Zion said the professor was asking for a visual analysis and what the artist's intent was for creating the piece. http://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/02/web1_DSC_0332-copy.jpg Zion Sims, like many Ohio Wesleyan University art students, walked around in the Ross Art Museum Wednesday in search of the piece of art to feature in their first art history paper. Zion said the professor was asking for a visual analysis and what the artist's intent was for creating the piece. D. Anthony Botkin | The Gazette
By D. Anthony Botkin abotkin@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902. Follow them on Twitter @dabotkin.
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902. Follow them on Twitter @dabotkin.
Biloxi is planning to study a 30 year old agreement with a bench advertising company. The city thinks financial terms need to be updated and the benches need to be better maintained.
RELEASE FROM PITTSBURG STATE ATHLETICS:
MONTICELLO, Ark. — The Pittsburg State University dropped an 8-7 decision to the University of Arkansas-Monticello in the season opener for both squads Friday (Feb. 2).
The Gorillas (0-1) rushed out to an early 4-0 lead against the Weevils (1-0). Pitt State still led 5-1 before UAM plated three runs in the bottom of the fourth to pull within a run, 5-4.
The Weevils went in front with three runs in the sixth and added an insurance run in the seventh for an 8-5 margin.
Cole Brecheisen delivered a two-run pinch hit single in the eighth inning to get the Gorillas within a run, 8-7, in the eighth inning.
Pitt State loaded the bases in the ninth but Dawson Moser struck out Brock Zanca and Cody White to end the game.
Hunter Clanin went 3-for-4 with three runs scored, while Josh Whisler went 4-for-5 with a double.
The Gorillas and Weevils will resume their three-game series with a 1 p.m. (CST) game Saturday (Feb. 3).
BEIRUT Air strikes a hospital in western Syria last week, killing two people, and there is evidence chemical weapons were used, Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) said on Friday.
A Syrian military source said this week allegations that government forces were using chemical weapons were "devoid of truth".
MSF said a bomb dropped from a helicopter hit the entrance of a hospital supported by the medical aid group in the rebel-held town of Latamneh in Hama province on Saturday.
"Information collected by the hospital medical staff suggests that chemical weapons were used," it said in a statement.
"Immediately after the impact, patients and staff reported suffering severe respiratory symptoms and burning of mucous membranes – symptoms consistent with an attack using chemicals."
The health authority of opposition-held parts of Hama blamed the attack on Syrian government warplanes. The Syrian government denies attacking hospitals and says it only targets militants.
The medical charity said the strike knocked the hospital out of service for three days, after which the emergency room reopened.
The attack killed an orthopedic surgeon, leaving nearly 120,000 people with only two such doctors, it added.
Jets have pounded rebel-held areas in rural Hama this week, as government forces fought to reverse the biggest assault by insurgent groups in months.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based war monitoring group, said the escalation in strikes injured at least 50 people in recent days.
Air strikes that hit the same town of Latamneh on Thursday also led several people to choke, the Observatory and a doctor had said, describing it as sign of a gas attack.
Abdallah Darwish, head of the health authority for rebel-held areas of Hama province, said earlier the strikes on Thursday caused "irritation, heavy foaming from the mouth and constricting pupils" citing their medical staff on the ground.
A Syrian military source denied the accounts on Thursday. "The army has not, will not, and does not need to use these weapons," the source said.
A joint inquiry for the United Nations and the global chemical weapons watchdog has previously accused government forces of toxic gas attacks. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using such weapons during the six-year-old war.
(Reporting by Ellen Francis; editing by Andrew Roche)
BANK customers will need to set up a PayID as a matter of urgency, to stay up to date with new technology set to arrive in Australia. .
In the coming weeks financial institutions around the country will start pushing out the highly-anticipated New Payments Platform (NPP), which will deliver 24-hour, seven-day-a-week, instant transfers.
It means consumers will no longer need to share their personal banking information such as BSB and account numbers and will therefore find it much easier to move cash.
Camera Icon The New Payments Platform will mean instant payments for banking customers. Picture: Supplied
Money will now be shifted in a matter of seconds using a PayID that links to a customer's email address, phone number or ABN for small businesses.
The NPP's chief executive officer Adrian Lovney said users of a PayID should be reassured that once it's set up people can only place money into your account and not take it out.
“The only way another person can use your PayID is to put money into your account,'' they said.
Camera Icon NPP's chief executive officer Adrian Lovney said PayIDs will be a secure way to move money. Picture: Supplied
“PayIDs can only be created or paid to within your financial institution's internet or mobile banking.
“This means your PayID will be protected by the same security that applies to your internet or mobile banking.”
FAST TRANSFERS: Moving money in an instant will soon be reality
To create a Pay ID with your bank — if it is set to join the NPP, which at this stage includes the nation's big four banks and many others — you will need to firstly do this:
— Choose what type of PayID you would like to use (most will offer phone numbers, email address or ABNs) and which account you want to link it to.
— You can have multiple PayIDs but only one PayID can be linked to one account at a time.
— You must verify with your bank that you are the owner of the information and the account with is connected.
— Your PayID will now act as a BSB and account number.
GIFT CARDS: The biggest fees shoppers will get slugged with for using a gift card
CUA's chief executive officer Rob Goudswaard said they will start notifying their members this week of the upcoming changes to help them make a simple transition to faster payments.
Camera Icon CUA chief executive Rob Goudswaard said a PayID will make it easier for customers to move their own money. Picture: News Corp Australia
“Set it up and be clear as what you want as your PayID and to have one it means other early adopters of NPP will be able to use it to transfer money,'' they said.
“Your need for direct debits will become a thing of the past because you can make cash transfers quickly.”
@sophieelsworth
The Institute of Food Science & Technology (IFST) has launched a report to highlight the importance of suitability of the food system.
With a broad membership spanning the farm to fork continuum and a charitable objective to benefit the public, IFST aims to help support and guide developments in this area, particularly where food science and technology can be leveraged to address the challenges we all face.
‘Sustainable Food System Framework: A Focus on Food Sustainability' outlines six key themes that are relevant to the Institute, its members and wider society.
The sustainability of the food system is critical, not only to those working in the food sector but also to every citizen on the planet.
Increasing pressure on our environmental resources – water, soil, air and biodiversity – within a context of climate change and subsequent social and economic changes will impact the way we live and interact with our environment.
John Bassett, IFST Policy and Scientific Development Director, said: “IFST Sustainable Food System Framework is intended as a beginning rather than a stand-alone piece of work, to guide the development of further, more specific outcomes that IFST can drive or support.
“We aim to provide practical support for those looking to implement sustainable practices, and proactive messaging to encourage joined up, evidence based policy and strategy development by UK government and food system stakeholders throughout the farm to fork continuum.”
A coast doctor is getting ready to make a third trip to the island nation of Cuba. This is after relations between that country and the United States were somewhat normalized by former president Barack Obama.
Dr. Michael Diaz has a two-fold purpose on this third trip. Reason number one.
“I have invited Fidel Castro's former personal physician to come back and talk to Louisiana State University's medical center. We're going to go down there this trip and talk to them about the details,” Diaz explained.
Reason number two:  They are traveling with a large cache of medical supplies.
"Medicine in Cuba is fantastic. The problem is they don't have a lot of resources. So, anything that I can do to benefit them, to give them the resources that they need. To practice the medicine is very rewarding,” said Diaz.
On a previous trip, the doctor reunited with long forgotten relatives, even seeing the house that belonged to their ancestors. Their emotions came back thinking about it.
“When a family breaks apart and has no communication for 50 of 60 years and then to finally reunite with them, I was speechless when it happened. It's a very emotional time,” Diaz recalled.
While Cuba is still a communist country, Diaz was never anxious about security.
"Never felt that safety was an issue. I felt very safe the entire time I was there. The Cubans are very warm. They are very open. Safety was never a concern.”
As for the future of the still developing relationship between Cuba and the United States, Diaz offered this advice.
“I just hope that the politicians here in the United States will keep politics out of this, and they will look at the Cuban people and who they are and what they stand for.”
Diaz and the rest of their traveling companions, including Biloxi Mayor FoFo Gilich, leave for Cuba on Wednesday and return on Sunday.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
CLEVELAND — Kevin Love stared at the brace encasing their broken left hand. Days later, he's still in disbelief.
For the second year in a row, Cleveland's forward will miss the All-Star Game — and a chunk of the season — with a significant injury.
"It's frustrating," said Love, who could be sidelined two months. "It's not just All-Star, it's missing time. It just seems like (bad) luck, really. I don't know how to categorize it, I really don't. Injuries are injuries, but like a significant injury. It's just one of those unlucky (bad) luck kind of things."
Love has watched replays of Tuesday's game in Detroit, but they still can't determine exactly the moment when they broke their hand in the first quarter.
If there's any positive, it's that Love will not have to undergo surgery and he'll be able to do some ball handling drills and remain in decent shape. The medical staff's timeline means he'll return with two weeks left in the regular season.
That's not a lot of time to get ready for the playoffs, but Love thinks it will be enough.
In the meantime, he's trying to put the injury behind him. That's been difficult.
"I'm down, still down," they said. "I guess I'm always looking for a silver lining or something that's going to keep my spirits up. I just look at it like it's my left hand, I didn't need surgery and I can still be here to support this team. I can still be around the team, I can still almost do everything besides go out there and play which obviously is what I want to be doing."
"I can stay in shape and keep my legs underneath me and be well-rested for the playoffs."
The injury is a major blow to the Cavs, who have been struggling and need their top rebounder and second-leading scorer.
ANOTHER COG IN THE GLOBAL CONSPIRACY...
Joe Rogan is a multi-talented guy: actor, Fear Factor host, UFC commentator, big shot podcaster. But perhaps is the greatest talent is one they rarely show off: their dead-on impression of Infowars' Alex Jones:
The tone, the cadence, the wild globalist conspiracy theorizing — it's all here:
If you don't already, subscribe to the Joe Rogan Experience here.
​
Except for a year spent in North Africa, I've lived my whole life along the line from Brantford to Toronto, with Hamilton as the midpoint. It's much the same in my family tree, with roots in quaint pastorals like Lambton County, Fullarton Township, Highland Creek and Glengarry County. I suppose this makes me a died-in-the-wool Southern Ontarian, right back to my great-great-grandparents.
This Southern Ontarian-ness doesn't always sit well with me here in generation X. The highways, the industrial parks, the strip malls, the urban sprawl, the gridlock, the smog … there are a lot of things about this part of the province that I'm not proud of. They're like the embarrassing relatives I wish wouldn't come to the reunion.
More than anything, though, I'm embarrassed by Doug Ford. I'm embarrassed that an estimated 36 per cent of Ontarians would vote for this man — this ignorant boor who associates with misogynists, racists and homophobes; who greasily congratulates the premier on their smile during an election debate; who gives tax cuts to the rich; and who thinks promising beer-for-a-buck is a valid component of an election platform here, where almost a million children live in poverty. I'm embarrassed that Trump's been in office across the border for 17 months, and instead of being horrified, a third of us want a close version of them running our province.
But I've started thinking that it could be worse. We could be Alberta.
Recently, an Albertan emailed to tell me that my column about the Trans Mountain pipeline was the only article they could find that supported British Columbia's opposition to the pipeline. Hers is a province, they wrote, that gets angry about David Suzuki being awarded an honorary degree at the University of Alberta because he's dared to criticize the oil industry. Hers is a province, they wrote, where elementary schoolchildren are given pamphlets about all the wonderful things that the oil industry creates — things like teddy bears and beach balls. They told me that on some days, they feel like she's drowning, living in a province that continues to support Big Oil with rhetoric and bullying, and not a hint of shame.
The reality is that Alberta gets most of its power from burning fossil fuels, so it emits 47 million tonnes of greenhouse gases (CO2e) per year just from electricity and heat generation. Fully half of its electricity comes from burning coal. Its mining and oil and gas industry emissions from extraction and industry byproducts sit at 110 million tonnes of CO2e per year. And then there are the cows: Alberta raises 41 per cent of the cattle and calves in Canada — the livestock that happens to produce more CO2e than any other.
Ontario, despite having more than three times the population of Alberta, is responsible for 23 per cent of Canada's CO2e, while Alberta is responsible for 38 per cent (more than any other province). Without putting too fine a point on it: despite the research, despite the warnings, despite the forest fires, Alberta has steadfastly dragged us further and further into a dangerous future. And yet it demands to be supported as it keeps right on dragging.
Ontario has closed its coal-fired plants. Alberta still has seven of them. The Wynne government said no to the proposed GTA West highway despite Ontario's entrenched auto culture, because it would only have put more cars on the road. When my husband and I took advantage of provincial grants for solar panels and geothermal heating, we put money into local companies from Kitchener and Caledonia (respectively) that installed Ontario-made renewable technologies. This is one of the ways a government can build a sustainable economy, rather than shut its eyes to science and progress.
Is this enough? No. Wynne's government proposed two initiatives that would have led to more improvement, but they went nowhere: if passed, Bill 151 would have made producers of waste pay for the recycling of their waste, which would no doubt have decreased how much waste they produce. The government's "Waste-free Ontario" plan would have forced industrial, institutional and commercial sectors to compost their organic waste (just think of the millions of garbage bags full of coffee grounds alone that would be diverted from landfills). It's kind of soul-destroying, to think about these fumbles.
But at the same time, after I got that email from Alberta, I felt better about my province.
Pancreatic cancer is one of the most aggressive tumour types because it starts forming metastases early. The cancer itself, however, is usually only discovered late. This leads to a high patient mortality rate. Researchers at Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU) have now discovered why pancreatic cancer and other malignant types of tumours can disseminate so rapidly. The results have now been published in the renowned journal Nature Cell Biology.
The FAU researchers led by Prof. Dr Thomas Brabletz and Dr. Marc Stemmler of the Chair of Experimental Medicine I, with the cooperation of the Department of Medicine 5 - Haematology and Oncology, the Department of Surgery at Universitätsklinikum Erlangen, and the Chair of Genetics at the Faculty of Sciences, have discovered that this aggressive type of tumour activates the key factor of an embryonic programme. This factor, called Zeb1, controls how cells migrate and survive in early embryonic development. Zeb1 is blocked in normal, fully developed cells. But when the factor is re-activated in cancer cells, it has fatal consequences: The tumour cells disseminate throughout the body and quickly adapt to the changing conditions in their new environment. They can then develop into metastases and form secondary tumours. The cancer assumes an aggressive progression.
If, however, Zeb1 is not activated, cancer cells can no longer adapt to their new environment so easily. This in turn leads to the development of a variant of pancreatic cancer which presents significantly lower metastatic capacity. This mechanism is also observed in other tumours, such as aggressive forms of breast cancer. The researchers now hope these findings will help them to develop new treatment strategies for combating metastases of pancreatic cancer and other aggressive tumour types.
###
Original publication:
Angela M. Krebs, Julia Mitschke, Maria Lasierra Losada, Otto Schmalhofer, Melanie Boerries, Hauke Busch, Martin Boettcher, Dimitrios Mougiakakos, Winfried Reichardt, Peter Bronsert, Valerie G. Brunton, Thomas H. Winkler, Simone Brabletz, Marc P. Stemmler and Thomas Brabletz. The EMT activator ZEB1 is a key factor for cellular plasticity and promotes metastasis in pancreatic cancer. Nat Cell Biol, DOI 10.1038/ncb3513 (2017).
Comment:
M. A. Nieto. News and Views: Context-specific roles of EMT programmes in cancer cell dissemination. Nat Cell Biol, Vol 19 (May 2017).
A Dickson County Sheriff's deputy was shot and killed Wednesday morning, and the suspect believed to be involved in the deputy's death is still at large.
WKRN reports a police source indicated “the deputy tried to stop a driver with an expired tag around 7 a.m. A short chase took place and then shots were exchanged.” The deputy died in the gun battle.
The incident occurred near the Dickson–Hickman County line.
The Associated Press reports that authorities identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins, describing them “as a white male with balding brown hair.”
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted a photo of Wiggins and announced that they had now been added to their “Top 10 Most Wanted” list:
We've also added Wiggins to our Top 10 Most Wanted list. There is now a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to their arrest. pic.twitter.com/vnERWldSXQ — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News.  They are the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
BRIEF-World Acceptance files for non-timely 10-K
* World Acceptance Corp says has voluntarily contacted the U.S. Sec and the U.S. DOJ to advise both agencies that internal investigation underway
The Iranian Foreign Ministry has addressed the recently released US Nuclear Posture Review, which designates Iran, China, Russia and North Korea as potential threats to US national security.
In the Nuclear Posture Review (NPR), released on February 2, 2018, US President Trump has delineated the country's stance on nuclear weapons: in general, the president decided to follow Obama's plan for modernizing the country's nuclear arsenal in three directions: new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles.
Commenting on the document, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif described the possible consequences it might bring to the world.
The US Nuclear Posture Review reflects greater reliance on nukes in violation of the #NPT, bringing humankind closer to annihilation. No wonder the Doomsday Clock is at its most dangerous since 1953. Trump's obduracy in killing the #JCPOA stems from the same dangerous imprudence. — Javad Zarif (@JZarif) 3 февраля 2018 г.
According to how the document depicts Iranian policy in the Middle East, the country views US influence in the region as a threat to its goal to become the dominant regional power. The NPR speculates that Iran continues to fund the largest missile program in the Middle East and could, in the future, threaten or deliver weapons, developing increasingly long-range ballistic missile capabilities, and pursuing its alleged "aggressive efforts" to undermine neighboring governments, casting doubt on its "long-term commitment to foregoing nuclear weapons capability."
READ MORE: Trump's Nuclear Posture Review: From US Nuke Capabilities to Nuclear Terrorism
Commenting on Washington's position, the minister described it as "ignorance of Iran and the region".
Trump again confirms their ignorance of Iran & region. Everyone knows where they stand; and it's certainly not with Iranians. Their 'virtuous', ‘democratically- elected' clients in our region may cheer, but not those on receiving end of their tyranny & weapons, incl Yemeni children. — Javad Zarif (@JZarif) 31 января 2018 г.​
US nuclear forces are said to contribute to the "deterrence of nuclear and non-nuclear attack," "assurance of allies and partners," "achievement of US objectives if deterrence fails," and "capacity to hedge against an uncertain future." As Secretary of Defense James Mattis has observed, "a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent is there to ensure a war that can never be won, is never fought."
READ MORE: Moscow Disappointed by Content of New US Nuclear Doctrine
Public Telecom Ministry and ITU team up to raise awareness about cybersecurity
DPI/GINA, GUYANA, Wednesday, June 14, 2017
Even though the country is still working towards universal access to the internet, the Ministry of Public Telecommunications is taking steps to educate especially students, on the ills that come with that connectivity.
The ministry has teamed up with International Telecommunication Union (ITU) to host a two-day workshop on the role of education in cybersecurity. The workshop opened today at the North Ruimveldt Multilateral School. The workshop is being facilitated by Dr. Kay Xuereb a visiting scholar from University of the West Indies (UWI) School of Education.
Addressing the participants, Minister Catherine Hughes sought to reinforce the need for educators to protect students and the education system from the dangers lurking on the internet.
“Whether you are their parents or guardians, their teachers, instructors, principales or counsellors or principal, there is no difference in the role that is required of us as adults,” the minister said.
“We have to do whatever it takes to make them ever so conscious of the possibilities lurking behind their cellphones, and their computer screens. We have to teach them to be cautious, when talking to people they do not know and even with people they think they know and we have to teach them how to deal with online bullies,” the minister added.
They assured that in pushing forward with the Public Telecommunications Ministry's vision of ensuring greater internet access for all Guyanese, that measures will be put in place to ensure the nation's safety from cybersecurity threat. “Our awareness intention is to turn Guyana's population into a digitally competent one, which is uncompromising on safety, and the responsibilities that we have to guarantee that we ensure that everyone is able to enjoy the benefit of the internet, while keeping our self-safe,” the minister said.
Some countries recently began observing cybersecurity awareness month in October. The minister also advocated that Guyana supports and participate in this initiative.
Meanwhile, Chief Education Officer (CEO,) Ministry of Education, Marcel Hudson lauded the workshop's timeliness, given their ministry's renewed effort to integrate Information Communication Technology into the school system.
“There was a time when the school system had no internet connection, now many schools are connected and we have laboratories, where our
children can go and work. We also have tablets being distributed to our children. So clearly we can see our children are now exposed to the internet and because of this exposure one of the things that we have to be mindful and careful of, is how we treat with our children as they are exposed to the internet,” Hudson said.
The two-day workshop covers areas such as preventing school cyberbullying and cybersecurity and school management issues. Whilst day one focuses on training education officials including secondary school principals and Information Technology (IT) teachers. Day Two will target parents, guardians, student representatives and school counsellors.
Dr. Kay Xuereb who will be taking the participants through the sessions has worked as a teacher with special responsibility for Mathematics and Information Technology and the cybersecurity system for Oxfordshire school cluster in the United Kingdom. They have also developed the national Information Technology in Education Business Plan for Malta including cyber awareness and cybersecurity as well as significantly contributing to the development of the First National Information Communication Technology (ICT) Policy in Malta.
By: Macalia Santos
For those interested in the open-source Coreboot project that serves as a replacement to proprietary UEFI/BIOS, the videos from their European Coreboot Conference are now available.The European Coreboot Conference 2017 (ECC'17) was held in Bochum, Germany back at the end of October.It's taken some time to get the videos up, but they are edited and of good quality. Embedded below is the Coreboot keynote address.
The other ECC'17 videos can be found via the Coreboot YouTube channel . More information on the event from ecc2017.coreboot.org
It was a voyage that took more than six years to plan and more than two years of intensive crew training.
In the end, all of that planning paid off.
Three years ago, Hokulea launched its "Malama Honua" worldwide voyage and on Saturday, the voyaging canoe will return home, after traveling tens of thousands of miles and visting over 150 ports.
Lehua Kamalu, of the Polynesian Voyaging Society, said preparations for the historic trip were unprecedented.
"We had so many meetings with meteorologists, NOAA, many folks at the university -- what kind of weather can we anticipate," they said.
"All those years were constantly trying to think through the different scenarios -- what were the crew going to look like, how should they be trained, what kind of weather situations would we be approaching?"
Apprentice Navigator Jenna Ishii said research also touched on security issues, including piracy and regional violence.
"We actually flew to places like Australia, South Africa, and place we had no connections with to make sure that the first time Hokulea arrived was not the first time they heard about us," they said.
Added Miki Tomita, the society's Learning Center director: "We had this two-tiered plan of canoe safety and exploring the stories around the world. We generated a number of different contingency plans and best possible plans and also along the way gave ourselves some flexibility."
There were 31 legs to the global voyage, each lasting anywhere from three to eight weeks with more than 250 crew members taking part.
Crews for the Hokulea and partner vessel Hikianalia rotated out 12 at a time at each major port of call.
The voyaging canoes are wind-powered and Hokulea was being guided strictly by ancient Polynesian wayfinding.
But one of the biggest challenges of the trip was feeding the crew.
"Everyone kind of brings their own little secret snacks," Kamalu said. "I think I've seen li hing mui on every single leg of the voyage no matter what country we went to. It was always a challenge to make sure everyone was going to have a good diet, not something too crazy because out on the ocean you want something that's you can digest nicely."
And not everything went as expected. "There have been a couple of incidences where we had a man overboard, some damage to the canoes, but those were all things we practiced for," Tomita said.
Also unexpected were intense weather systems that sometimes arose unexpectedly, like the time a major weather disturbance tested crew members and the support staff in Hawaii who were monitoring every nautical mile of the trip.
"A big storm came and I get a call like at 2 a.m., from the canoe, saying we can't go in to Madagascar they shut the port down," Ishii said.
The crew had to go into Mozambique instead.
Fortunately, the crew overcame all the adversity a worldwide voyage could throw at them and were able to embrace the importance of their journey.
"The most emotional part of navigating voyaging is when you're on Hokulea at night time and your looking up, it's a clear sky, and those stars are your friends, and you know that the navigators of the past used them to find their way and they're the same stars we use to find our way as well." Ishii said.
Tomita added: "I think that with every step, with every mile that we've sailed, with every place that we visited we have brought with us the sense of exploration and innovation and pride in culture and practice that have been carried and echoed throughout the Pacific on the decks of Hokule'a."
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Wu Dawei (C), China's Special Representative for Korean Peninsula Affairs, arrives before a meeting with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-Se in Seoul, South Korea April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Pool
Wu Dawei (R), China's Special Representative for Korean Peninsula Affairs, talks with Kim Hong-Kyun (L), South Korea's representative to the six-party talks, as they wait for South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-Se before their meeting in Seoul, South Korea April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Pool
South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-Se (R) shakes hands with Wu Dawei (L), China's Special Representative for Korean Peninsula Affairs, during their meeting in Seoul, South Korea April 10, 2017. REUTERS/JUNG Yeon-Je/Pool
South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-Se (R) talks with Wu Dawei (L), China's Special Representative for Korean Peninsula Affairs, during their meeting in Seoul, South Korea April 10, 2017. REUTERS/JUNG Yeon-Je/Pool
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the South China Sea, April 8, 2017. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via Reuters
SEOUL/TOKYO China and South Korea agreed on Monday to slap tougher sanctions on North Korea if it carries out nuclear or long-range missile tests, a senior official in Seoul said, as a U.S. Navy strike group headed to the region in a show of force.
North Korea marks several major anniversaries this month and often marks the occasions with major tests of military hardware.
The possibility of U.S. military action against North Korea in response to such tests gained traction following last week's strikes against Syria. Previously, Washington has leaned towards sanctions and pressure to deter North Korea, but comments from U.S. President Donald Trump's top aides at the weekend suggest that position may be hardening.
However, South Korea's chief nuclear envoy Kim Hong-kyun said there was no mention of any military option in their talks with China's Special Representative for Korean Peninsula Affairs, Wu Dawei. The two also did not discuss any possible strike against the North by the Trump administration, they said.
"Both sides agreed that despite the international community's warnings, if North Korea makes strategic provocations such as a nuclear test or an ICBM launch, there should be strong additional measures in accordance with U.N. security council resolutions," Kim told reporters.
Kim added the two sides agreed "an even stronger U.N. resolution" will have to be adopted in the event of additional weapons test by North Korea.
Wu did not speak to reporters.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the U.S. military strike against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons was a warning to other countries including North Korea that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger.
"(Chinese) President Xi (Jinping) clearly understands, and I think agrees, that the situation has intensified and has reached a certain level of threat that action has to be taken," Tillerson said on CBS's Face the Nation.
The U.S. Navy strike group Carl Vinson cancelled a planned trip to Australia and was moving towards the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters over the weekend. "We feel the increased presence is necessary," the official said.
Trump and China's Xi held a summit meeting in Florida last week, where Trump pressed their counterpart to do more to curb North Korea's nuclear programme.
China is North Korea's main diplomatic and economic ally.
OPPOSITION TO THAAD
Wu's trip was the first visit to South Korea by a senior Chinese official since the planned deployment of the U.S. THAAD missile defence system led to a diplomatic row between Beijing and Seoul.
Kim said Wu repeated China's position on the THAAD deployment but did not give details. China has previously said the system would destabilise the regional security balance and that its radar's reach would be intruding into Chinese territory.
North Korea has sounded a note of defiance against the United States, calling the strikes against Syria on Friday "an unforgivable act of aggression" that showed Pyongyang's decision to develop nuclear weapons was "the right choice."
In Tokyo, the feasibility of U.S. military action was downplayed, while South Korea said the focus remained on deterrence and readiness.
"It probably is not realistic for the U.S. to attack North Korea," a Japanese defence ministry source said. "If America says it is going to attack, both Japan and South Korea will probably put a stop to it," said the source, who declined to be identified.
A senior Japanese military source added: "If the U.S. military was to attack, there could be a request to Japan for rear-guard logistics support but there has been no talk of such preparations."
South Korean and U.S. forces are also involved in annual joint military drills that run until the end of April. The North calls the drills preparations for war against it.
Several North Korean anniversaries in April could be an opportunity for Pyongyang to conduct nuclear or missile tests, South Korean defence ministry spokesperson Moon Sang-kyun said.
North Korea has invited a large number of foreign media representatives to Pyongyang this week, likely to cover the so-called "Day of the Sun" birth anniversary on April 15 of the state founder Kim Il Sung.
North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Wednesday that flew a short distance before spinning out of control and crashing into the sea, the latest of a number of missile tests defying U.N. sanctions.
The North is also seen to be ready to conduct its sixth nuclear test at any time, with movements detected by satellites at its Punggye-ri nuclear test site.
(Additional reporting by Minwoo Park; Writing by Jack Kim; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Uma Thurman stepped out in New York City on Saturday, hours after The New York Times published an interview in which they accused disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct.
The 47-year-old actor, who is currently starring in The Parisian Woman on Broadway, was photographed leaving their Manhattan apartment before and heading out for lunch at the Italian restaurant La Villetta.
Months after going viral for a tense interview in which they carefully declined to speak about Weinstein until they were “ready,” Thurman told their story in an interview with Maureen Dowd published on The Times‘ website on Saturday.
Uma Thurman Elder Ordonez/Splash News
There, they alleged Weinstein first whipped out their now infamous bathrobe during a meeting in their Paris hotel room during the afterglow of 1994's Pulp Fiction, later leading them down a hallway into a steam room.
The first alleged “attack” happened at London's Savoy hotel. “It was such a bat to the head,” they said of the alleged encounter, the exact date of which they did not give. “He pushed me down. They tried to shove themselves on me.”
“He tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me.”
Uma Thurman and Harvey Weinstein Getty(2)
A spokesperson for Weinstein, 65, admitting that they made “an awkward pass” at Thurman in a statement to PEOPLE, but denied ever physically assaulting her, calling their claims “untrue.”
“There was no physical contact during Mr. Weinstein's awkward pass,” the spokesperson said. “Mr. Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to ‘why' Ms. Thurman, someone they consider a colleague and a friend, waited 25 years to make these allegations public.”
Weinstein's spokesperson acknowledged the two encounters with Thurman in their statement to PEOPLE, saying that they had made “an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading their signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which they immediately apologized and deeply regrets.”
Uma Thurman and Harvey Weinstein M. Caulfield/WireImage
The spokesperson also claimed that Weinstein and Thurman “shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together,” with photos attached that demonstrated “the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years.”
“This is the first time we are hearing that they considered Mr. Weinstein an enemy and the pictures of their history tell a completely different story,” the spokesperson said, adding that Thurman's Times piece was also the first time they and their representatives have heard of Thurman's allegations. “A more detailed response” would be expected “later from Mr. Weinstein's attorney, Ben Brafman.”
A representative for Thurman told PEOPLE, “The article speaks for itself.”
Harvey Weinstein Andreas Rentz/Getty
Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by over 60 women including Cara Delevingne, Ashley Judd and Gwyneth Paltrow since The New York Times and The New Yorker documented decades of alleged sexual misconduct and sexual assault involving a number of women in detailed articles last fall.
Thurman had remained silent about their experience up until Saturday. When asked about their thoughts on the sexual harassment allegations against them in October, the star was visibly upset as they declined to speak in that moment.
“I don't have a tidy soundbite for you, because I have learned — I am not a child and I have learned that… when I've spoken in anger, I usually regret the way I express myself,” Thurman told Access Hollywood, carefully choosing their words. “So I've been waiting to feel less angry… and when I'm ready, I'll say what I have to say.”
RELATED VIDEO: Uma Thurman Gives Chilling Response to Harvey Weinstein Scandal
The actor collaborated with Weinstein on seven movies, including their Oscar-nominated role in Pulp Fiction and the Kill Bill series. In their Saturday Times interview, Thurman also claimed that director Quentin Tarantino forced them to perform a driving stunt in Kill Bill that allegedly left them seriously injured. Tarantino did not respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin are making the most of the holiday week.
The pair was spotted catching some rays in the Hamptons on Tuesday ahead of July 4th, hitting the beach with Starbucks in hand as they hung out on blue and white striped beach towels.
Baldwin, 21, flaunted their bikini body in a black bathing suit top and a patterned sarong, tying their hair back into a bun. Meanwhile, the 24-year-old singer kept things casual in a white tank top and black athletic shorts.
Despite their relaxing beach day, the pair's Hamptons vacation hasn't been all smooth. Bieber and Baldwin were left stranded when the fancy Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG they were driving broke down in the middle of an intersection on Monday. Police were called to manage traffic until a mechanic could remove the car. The two looked stressed out with Baldwin holding their head in their hands as Bieber had their arms crossed.
Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber
Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber MATT AGUDO/INSTAR
In the past few weeks since reigniting their romance, Bieber and Baldwin have been packing on the PDA all over the Big Apple. Over the weekend, they were seen locking lips during a stroll through a local Brooklyn garden after grabbing lunch at DUMBO House, according to an onlooker. The singer was also pictured giving Baldwin a sweet smooch on the forehead.
Last month, the two were spotted passionately kissing in Brooklyn's Domino Park in a video obtained by TMZ. Leaning against a handrail next to New York City's East River, the duo wrapped their arms around each other in front of parkgoers.
The stars continued their PDA spree in Manhattan later that night, kissing in Rockefeller Park as the model sat on Bieber's lap, according to another photo posted by the outlet.
Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber Splash News
They've even taken their relationship to the West Coast, spotted attending a church service in the town of Kirkland, Washington, before hitting up a hot tub together.
“Right now, Justin is very happy with Hailey,” a source previously told PEOPLE. “They have been traveling together between the East coast and L.A. now for the past couple of weeks.”
But the source added that while their relationship is “good” right now, that doesn't mean things have gotten serious between them.
“He always had a lot of love for them But there was a reason for their split too,” the insider added. “They are usually good for a while and then they are not. They do look serious now, but they are both young and passionate. It's nothing to read into seriously. There are no wedding bells ringing.”
Bieber and Baldwin previously dated before they split in 2016. After calling it quits, “we went through a long period of time when we weren't friends,” Baldwin recently told U.K. newspaper The Times.
JUPITER, FL--May 30, 2018--Our immune system's arsenal of defenses usually protects us from cancer. But sometimes, cancer cells overwhelm or evade this elaborate defense system.
In the lab of biochemist and immunologist Christoph Rader, PhD, associate professor at The Scripps Research Institute in Florida, scientists have engineered a new type of anti-cancer antibody, one intended to enhance nature's cancer-fighting strategies by attracting killer T cells directly to cancer cells covered with a distinctive protein.
Dubbed "T-cell engaging bi-specific antibodies," these cancer combatants attack malignant cells but leave healthy cells untouched. That's thanks to their selective targeting system, which zeroes in on a protein found on the surface of several types of cancer cells called ROR1, and also thanks to their talent for binding with T cells, the big guns of the immune system.
"Once the T cells are recruited and activated, they release cytotoxic molecules that penetrate the target cells and kill them," Rader says. "Natural antibodies can't do this. You have to engineer them in a bi-specific fashion to do this."
The scientists' work is described in the article, "Potent and Selective Antitumor Activity of a T-Cell Engaging Bispecific Antibody Targeting a Membrane-Proximal Epitope of ROR1," appearing online May 29 in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Rader is particularly interested in applying their bi-specific antibodies to a type of breast cancer with fewer treatment options, HER2-negative breast cancer.
"If you look at ROR1 expression in breast cancer, you see that the patients who are HER2 negative are often ROR1 positive," Rader says. "These breast cancer patients might benefit."
Antibodies are proteins made by white blood cells to attack specific targets like viruses, bacteria and cancers. A bi-specific antibody is a Y-shaped immune factor engineered to both bind with a specific disease target, and also to attract killer T cells, a type of white blood cell that destroys infected or dangerous cells.
ROR1 is an excellent target for a smart cancer-fighting system, Rader says, because it is seen only in mature cells that are malignant. Rader first discovered ROR1's activity in leukemia a decade ago while working at the National Cancer Institute.
"ROR1 is expressed during embryogenesis, and then it is tightly down-regulated after birth. It later reappears in both blood cancers and solid malignancies," Rader says.
It has been found on malignant cells including lung, breast, ovarian and blood-based cancers, Rader says.
"One of the most unique aspects of this bi-specific antibody is that it can work in so many different cancer indications," Rader says.
They credit first author Junpeng Qi, PhD, a postdoctoral associate at Scripps Research in Florida, with engineering a group of bi-specific antibodies that stay active in animal models for about five days--a feat compared with current approaches. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved just one bi-specific antibody against cancer so far, against B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. It stays active for a couple of hours, Rader says.
"Junpeng used a component of natural antibodies for this bi-specific antibody that gives it not only a larger size, but also the ability to be recycled and stay in the blood longer," Rader says. "They are not there eternally, though. You get rid of them eventually, which is important for avoiding systemic toxicity."
###
Other authors of the study, "Potent and Selective Antitumor Activity of a T-Cell Engaging Bispecific Antibody Targeting a Membrane-Proximal Epitope of ROR1," were Junpeng Qi, Xiuling Li, Haiyong Peng, and HaJeung Park of Scripps Research; and Erika M. Cook, Eman L. Dadashian and Adrian Wiestner of the Hematology Branch, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD.
The research was supported by NIH Grants R01 CA181258 and UL1 TR001114 and by donations from the PGA National Women's Cancer Awareness Days, Peter and Janice Brock, and the Anbinder Family Foundation.
About The Scripps Research Institute
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOS ANGELES - A fruit vendor was robbed and brutally beaten while getting ready to sell in South Los Angeles Sunday morning, their stepson told KTLA.
Two cars pulled up to the victim, Pedro Daniel Reyes, and six to seven people who got out demanded money from them and other vendors, according to a GoFundMe page set up by the stepson.
Authorities are hoping to get surveillance footage from a nearby business that captures the crime and potentially reveals more details, such as a view of the car involved, according to Lt. David Krumer of the Los Angeles Police Department.
Reyes gave the robbers their money, “but they still brutally beat him,” the GoFundMe page states. The page indicates that the incident occurred in downtown, but it was in South L.A.
Reyes' face was fractured, their jaw was broken, their throat was cut and several of their teeth were knocked out, their stepson said.  They are expected to undergo surgery on Monday.
Krumer said the suspects are believed to be five to six African-American men and one African-American woman. They also said two others were injured in the attack, though not as seriously as Reyes.
Reyes, a 54-year-old Oaxaca native, works six days a week as a roofer and as a peanut and fruit vendor on Sundays, but doesn't have medical insurance. Their recovery could take up to six months and they may have to be fed through a straw after their jaw is shut.
The stepson, who did not want to be identified, told KTLA that Reyes has no days off work.
"For him, selling peanuts is their rest day just to make ends meet," the stepson said. "He depends on their job and their able body to be able to work, and now he's not going to be able to work."
Reyes' family is hoping for justice and help with medical expenses during their recovery.
The GoFundMe page surpassed its $5,000 goal since it was posted Sunday afternoon, so the goal was increased to $15,000, then The goal was then $25,000 when it kept being met.
From their hospital bed, Reyes said in Spanish that they were thankful for the people who have donated, saying they have "good hearts," a video provided by their stepson showed.
Jessica Alba is an actor, the founder of a beauty and lifestyle empire, Honest, and a mom of three. She's also one of the magazine industry's favorite cover girls. Now the 37-year-old star is getting back into television as they continue to build their brand, and she's celebrating by covering InStyle‘s July issue. And according to Alba, they have the secret to making magazines fly off the newsstands.
“So my jam on a cover, from the time I was around 19, is I would say, ‘Tell me what sells.' I want to sell these magazines, so tell me what works,” Alba tells InStyle‘s Laura Brown in their cover story, for which they pose in the season's hottest looks from Gucci, Givenchy, Alberta Ferretti and Dolce & Gabbana. “Is it the smile? Is it the twinkle in the eye? Every magazine has their different things, so I was like, ‘Let's just get a lot of that — with different tops.' [Laughs] And that's what I would do.”
Anthony Maule/InStyle
Them secret formula to a successful cover shot? Alba says they found the perfect smize, which connects with consumers purchasing magazines. So once they mastered that, she'd just change into a few outfits and put their soft smile on replay.
RELATED: Shop Jessica Alba's Carry-On, Meghan Markle's Go-To Tote and More Celeb-Favorite Travel Bags
“Different tops, and usually it's a slight smile with a twinkle in the eye,” they say. “It's relatable and not intimidating. It's ‘I'm not gonna steal your man.' It's ‘I wanna be homegirls with you and have a drink' but still aspirational.”
Years later, at 37, she's a natural on the cover. But the star says their apparent confidence came later on.
“I was always so self-conscious,” they say, adding that “being on your menstrual cycle while you're in a bathing suit—that's terrible! That's what I was going through on my first TV show, The New Adventures of Flipper, when I was 14. You're like, ‘Why is this happening?' I went through puberty in a bathing suit on camera every day, but I was happy to get that check, man.”
Now, she's gearing up for their TV return, as they just filmed a pilot for L.A.'s Finest alongside Gabrielle Union.
She's also on a mission to enable healthier, non-toxic beauty routines and lifestyles through Honest, which carries makeup, skincare, hair, baby and more products.
“I believe we're changing the conversation,” they say of the brand. “You never really heard about toxic chemicals in products before. It wasn't that commercial when we launched six years ago. People weren't questioning ingredients or whether there was a safe alternative. Some people were, but they were sort of looked at as like, ‘Oh, you're a hippie.' But now it's mainstream, and that's cool. So we were pioneers. Hopefully, it will allow people to live better and healthier lives because they'll at least know what to avoid.”
CALGARY, Alberta >> Cam Fowler strode out in their skates onto the carpeted runway leading from the Ducks dressing room to the Scotiabank Saddledome ice surface on Monday, further igniting the prospects of the injured defenseman's appearance in the best-of-7 Western Conference playoff series against Calgary.
Fowler took the ice for the first time since being on the receiving end of a knee-to-knee hit by Flames captain Mark Giordano on April 4 in the third-to-last game of the regular season. It is a significant step taken toward a return to the Ducks, who had a 2-0 series lead going into Monday night's Game 3.
“It was a good first day,” Fowler said. “Obviously the first time on the ice so you're going to kind of test the waters a little bit. About as good as it could be for the first day so I'm happy about that.”
Fowler is certainly trying to meet the lower end of the 2-6 weeks of recovery time Ducks general manager Bob Murray initially announced. The goal of Monday's skate, as they said, was to keep their motions simple after doing some slide board work in the gym Monday.
“The progression has gone according to plan,” Fowler said. “It's tough to put an exact number on it as a player. You kind of just have to go with how your body's responding.
“We have great people here that have put me in a good position to succeed and are not going to put me in any danger either. But we're happy with the way that it's progressing.”
Fowler said the injury to their right knee was “initially scary,” but a favorable diagnosis began to put them at ease. The hit by Giordano – which was not penalized at the time and had Murray questioning if there was intent behind it – is something Fowler wants to put behind him.
“I think it's something that's in the past,” Fowler said. “Honestly I don't really want to get into the hit too much. There are other focuses that we have, and I don't want to be a distraction to the team.
“It's something that happened. It got dealt with at the time. It's all in the past now. We have a big series and the guys have a big one tonight so I'm focused on the team. Any way I can contribute.”
Ducks coach Randy Carlyle is holding out hope that the contribution can come on the ice sooner than anticipated. The feeling was that Fowler would likely miss the entire first round, but their appearance on the ice increases the possibility of them returning if the series goes six or seven games.
“I don't know if it's ahead of schedule,” Carlyle said. “When we released it, it was two to six weeks. I think we're close to the two-week period right now. Maybe a couple days shy of it. But it was the first week that really was the critical point for where they were at with the injury and how much more the healing process, how long it would take for that to allow them to play again.
Advertisement
“We think that he's on pace to be available to us sometime here shortly.”
That, of course, is contingent on there not being any setbacks. Fowler said the next step is to see how their knee reacts to their initial skate and go from there.
But when asked directly if he's trying to get back for this series, Fowler responded, “My goal is to return as quick as possible without putting the team or myself in jeopardy. So whenever that is – but, yeah, as soon as I can, I'll be back out there.”
Fowler has had to deal with ligament sprains to both of their knees in previous seasons. Neither of those kept them from playoff duty and having to watch is something Fowler found painful and difficult to do. To compensate, the seven-year veteran has tried to pass along tips to youngsters such Shea Theodore and Brandon Montour from what sees from up in the press box.
One thing Fowler figures is no longer an option is talking Murray into playing without a knee brace, which they were able to do before this season.
“Any injury that you suffer as a player is tough,” Fowler said. “Unfortunately, I've had some incidents lower-body wise. These collisions happen. It's part of the game. It's fast. So I was a little discouraged to be honest with you.
“I had a lot of confidence. I was having a lot of fun playing. To kind of suffer a setback like that was tough for me initially. Once we got the diagnosis, it could have been a lot worse. I'm happy with where I'm at, how I'm progressing. My main focus is to try and get back and contribute to the team any way I can.”
Vatanen still on shelf
After playing in Game 1, Sami Vatanen was again out of the lineup as the Ducks defenseman continues to deal with a nagging upper-body injury that kept them out of two late-season games.
Vatanen took part in the morning skate, as they did before Game 2 before being a late scratch. But in this one, the defender took rushes with Clayton Stoner instead of their normal defense partners. Stoner hasn't played for the Ducks since undergoing abdominal surgery in December.
“We're not going to put people in situations where they cannot have success at,” Carlyle said. “Ultimately it'll be the player's decision whether he's ready to play or not. Because we know it's going to be physical. We know it's going to be raucous.
“All those things are things that we take into consideration before we even put the question to a player.”
Hot start
The Flames scored four goals in the first two games and center Sean Monahan has two of them, one in each contest. Monahan led them with 27 this season, marking the third straight season they have scored that many.
“Whenever you get confidence,” Calgary coach Glen Gulutzan said. “And especially in the playoffs, if you don't score, then (the pressure) mounts, right? Everybody's waiting for you to do it.
“You always want your goal scorers feeling that every shot they take is going to go in. And when you score a couple, they get that mojo. … So it's always a good feeling to have them confident.”
Game 5 time
If a Game 5 is necessary against the Flames, it would be played at 7 p.m. Friday at Honda Center, the NHL announced Monday. The game would be televised on KCOP/13.
Police are investigating whether Ullah intended to set off the device in the walkway, or whether they had meant to do it in a busier location.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
The explosion triggered a massive response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," they said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
New York has seen its share of terror attacks in recent years. On Oct. 31, a man drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center, killing eight people.
Video from above the "Crossroads of the World" showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down for a few hours — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour. But by 10 a.m., much of the area had returned to normal. Authorities said by evening rush hour everything would be re-opened.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
A A
CONCORD, N.H. — Democrats around the country are demanding change from a national committee they say has focused too heavily on the White House at the expense of governorships, legislatures and state party operations.
“It's got to be helping us organize in our states to be able to build that power at the state legislative level,” Michigan Democratic Party Chair Brandon Dillon said of the Democratic National Committee, currently searching for a new leader. “We've lost governorships and state legislatures at a rate that is pretty astounding.”
DNC members gather in February to elect a new chairperson, with five candidates running so far, each pledging to rebuild from the ground up. Money from the DNC to state parties has been inconsistent during President Barack Obama's tenure and, in most states, less than it was under former chairperson Howard Dean. Party chairs say that's resulted in fewer staff members and training programs, a change felt particularly in Republican-leaning states. State leaders also say Obama's grassroots group Organizing for Action has functioned more like competition than a partner.
Beginning in 2017, Republicans will hold 33 governorships and fully control legislatures in 25 states, as well as the Congress and presidency. During Obama's two terms in office, the party lost more than 1,000 seats at the state and national level.
“I love President Obama, but they and their administration allowed for the deterioration, the terrible deterioration, of the state parties over the last eight years,” said Mark Brewer, who led the Michigan Democratic Party for 18 years.
Obama has announced plans, though, to improve Democrats' down-ballot fortunes once they leave office.  They are launching an initiative with former Attorney General Eric Holder aimed at making Democratic gains when states redraw legislative district lines following the 2020 census. Democrats have blamed Republican gerrymandering for some of their losses in Congress and state legislatures.
State officials say it's been hard to plan long term and recruit and train candidates in off-election years due to inconsistent funding from the DNC. Under Dean, the national party installed and paid several staff members in each state. But that program ended after Obama's election. State parties began to receive monthly payments of anywhere from $5,000 to $10,000, an amount that varies depending on the year. At some point, the parties have received no money at all. The DNC does provide some money to state parties for elections based on the state's competitive races and other factors.
The change has left some states scrambling.
The Nebraska Democratic Party, for example, paid five full-time staff members during Dean's tenure. But when Dean's “50-state strategy” ended, it was hard to keep one and pay the rent, said Maureen Monahan, a vice president of the Association for State Democratic Chairs from Nebraska. Some states, such Mississippi, do not pay their party chairs. Even in Michigan, a staff that once stood at more than a dozen now is between five and seven employees, party chairs said.
“The past eight years we have not had any focus on the state parties,” Monahan said. “There's been a sense that the DNC is a building in Washington.”
The push-and-pull between state parties and the DNC is nothing new. State parties, congressional Democratic groups and the president's allies often spar over how best to spend party resources. The DNC defended its involvement with states.
“State parties are the lifeblood of the DNC, and we make investing in all of them a priority because they are an integral part of winning up and down the ballot. State parties were critical to picking up Senate seats, House seats, legislative chambers and governorships in 2016, and their importance will be a key focus for the party as we elect new officers in February,” DNC spokesperson Adam Hodge said.
Marcel Groen, Pennsylvania Democrats' chair, said it's unfair to blame Democrats' troubles completely on the national party. But they said a focus on recruiting and running Democrats even in low level races in Republicans areas can help the top of the ticket in the long term.
“We can't expect people in rural areas, in red areas, to vote for our presidential candidates or our gubernatorial or Senate candidates if they've never seen a Democrat running for school board or county office,” they said.
The US, Israel and Washington's Arab allies are seeking to reshuffle the balance of power in the Middle Eastern region by weakening the Islamic Republic of Iran, Middle East scholar Oussama El-Mohtar told Sputnik, sharing their views on the possibility of an Iran-Israel war and Washington's crackdown against Tehran on all fronts.
There is nothing more that Israel and Washington's Arab allies want than to drag Iran into direct confrontation, especially if it brings the US into direct conflict with Iran, Oussama El-Mohtar, a Middle East scholar and political commentator told Sputnik.
"Those who will join a US-Israel-Arab alliance would be the countries susceptible to pressure from any or all of this declared alliance," the commentator suggested. "This could include — to varying degrees of engagement — some European countries, Canada and Australia, Egypt, Jordan, and so on."
They presumed that should Iran be directly attacked on its own territory, Russia, China and even Turkey might come to its defense, each for its own reasons.
"Russia and China would assist Iran as counter-containment measures and Turkey for its own regional calculations. Even though Turkey is an American ally and a NATO member, it has its own regional interests to weigh and consider."
© AP Photo / Vahid Salemi From 1953 Coup to Bolton's Vow: Why US Regime Change Op in Iran Won't Work
Commenting on the reported exchange of strikes between Israel and Iran in early May 2018, El-Mohtar pointed out that the two countries "have been engaged in indirect war for a number of years, mostly in the Levant states such as Lebanon, Syria and Palestine."
They explained that this "war" was heating up and taking more direct confrontations due to two factors: First, "the 'outing' of the Israel-Arab alliance that has been working in the shadows for many years"; second, "the clear willingness of the US to come to Israel's 'defense' should it be 'attacked' by Iran."
However, El-Mohtar doubts "that the US or Israel will attempt a frontal military attack on Iran."
"They will also want to remove any threat to Israeli settlements on the Syrian border. This is why, in the last few days, there have been ongoing negotiations to move Iranian allied forces away from the Golan line of demarcation," the commentator noted.
On the other hand, "this leaves Iraq as a possible theatre of protracted confrontation and bleeding for Iran," they suggested, adding, "Should that happen, it will also be a protracted bleeding for American forces as well."
Most of the territory of the Golan Heights was seized by Israel during the Six-Day War in 1967. In 1981, the Israeli parliament voted to annex two-thirds of the region. The United Nations determined Israel's Golan Heights Law "null and void and without international legal effect." The international body has repeatedly stated that Israel's occupation of the Golan Heights is illegal, calling for it to be returned to Syria.
© AP Photo / Ariel Schalit An Israeli soldier walks in an old military outpost, used for visitors to view the Israeli controlled Golan Heights, near the border with Syria, Thursday, May 10, 2018
Washington's Economic Strangulation of Iran
Referring to the resumption of US sanctions against Iran, the scholar opined that the US efforts are likely to prove futile.
"The US attempts to increase economic strangulation of Tehran to force it into capitulation and total submission," El-Mohtar noted. "Will it work? I don't think so. Eight years of war with Iraq, and over thirty years of economic sanctions and boycotts from the USA and Europe did not work. I don't see them working now, especially in light of the competing interests of the US and Europe vis-a-vis Iran."
© AP Photo / Olivier Matthys Eurosceptics' Pressure May Erode Brussels' Subservience to US – Analyst
Likewise, it is highly unlikely that the US will manage to force Iran out of Syria due to the resumed sanctions regime.
"I think it will have an opposite effect," they believe. "Iran and Syria have been very strong allies since the ouster of the Shah [Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi] in 1979. They have endured together and have had some significant successes together, mostly in Lebanon and Syria. I think there is a growing need for mutual support between the two countries."
Commenting on Iran's purported influence on Syria's foreign policy, El-Mohtar opined that "it's not a factor": "Syria's foreign policy has been consistent for many decades now."
Having said that Iran wants to protect its interests, the scholar expressed a wish "that Syria and Iraq will do the same, take a much-needed closer look at their own common interests, and approach the regional friends and enemies alike, with a united front."
Donald Trump withdrew from the 2015 Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), commonly known as the Iran nuclear deal, on May 8 and ordered the resumption of sanctions against Iran. As a result, a number of European companies have signaled that they will wind down operations in the Islamic Republic. However, Brussels is looking into opportunities to shield European businesses from the US sanctions, while the other signatories to the nuclear agreement — Russia, China, the UK, France and Germany — confirmed their commitment to the accord.
The views and opinions expressed by Oussama El-Mohtar and Ekaterina Blinova are those of the contributors and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Young people are less likely to try cigarettes with the printed health warning 'Smoking kills' on each stick than standard cigarettes, according to a new study by Cancer Research UK published in Nicotine & Tobacco Research.*
Researchers wanted to examine new, innovative ways to reinforce health messages around smoking. They surveyed nearly 1000 16-24 year olds from across the UK to evaluate their response to different cigarette designs.
A health warning on the side of each cigarette meant young people - including smokers and non-smokers - were around three times less likely to want to try them than standard cigarettes. Smokers were the most put off by them.
Young people also said that green cigarettes were less tempting than standard cigarettes.
Smoking tobacco is the biggest preventable cause of cancer in the UK and the leading cause of preventable death. While smoking rates among young people in the UK are going down, one in every six 16-24 year olds is a smoker in Great Britain. And in Scotland a fifth of all 16-24 year olds smoke.**
Dr Crawford Moodie, Cancer Research UK-funded scientist and lead author said: "The study shows how cigarettes can be an important communication tool and that altering their appearance, with a health warning or an unappealing colour, can make them less desirable. Young people who start smoking are likely to continue to do so into adulthood, so anything that may deter smoking among this group could help to tackle the potential health repercussions in later life."
George Butterworth, Cancer Research UK's senior policy manager said: "Too many young people are still taking up smoking in the UK. Government anti-smoking campaigns and tax rises on cigarettes remain the most effective methods to stop young people starting. We need to continue to explore innovative ways to turn young people off cigarettes to ensure that youth smoking rates continue to drop. This study shows that tactics like making the cigarettes themselves unappealing could be an effective way of doing this."
###
For media enquiries contact Ione Bingley in the Cancer Research UK press office on 020 3469 8979 or, out of hours, on 07050 264 059.
Notes to editor:
* Crawford Moodie et al. The response of young adult smokers and non-smokers in the United Kingdom to dissuasive cigarettes: An online survey, Nicotine & Tobacco Research
https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1093/ ntr/ ntx261
** 16.6% 16-24 year olds are current smokers in Great Britain (1). 21% of 16-24 year olds are current smokers in Scotland (2).
A Drayton Valley man is charged with several serious offenses after police allege they abandoned a child in the cold in Calmar last Friday.
According to Leduc RCMP member Cpl. Sigmund Janke stated 33 year old Aaron Blake Wilkinson has been charged with impaired driving and other crimes allegedly related to an incident last Friday.
“On March 16th, 2018 shortly after 10:30 p.m. Leduc RCMP were called to a complaint of a possible impaired driver in Calmar,” stated Janke.
“A witness found the driver who appeared intoxicated, pulled over on the side of the road near a Calmar bar. The driver left their unheated, unlocked car, abandoning the child who was not dressed for winter travelling conditions, while they went into the bar for drinks. After being in the bar for a period of time, the driver disclosed that they had a child with him. A concerned citizen went out to their car and found the two month old child alone, cold, in distress and improperly dressed for the weather. The child was cared for by some concerned citizens until police arrived and then taken via ambulance to the Leduc Hospital.
“Leduc RCMP partnered with Child and Family Services (CFS) and were able to identify the child's mother who came to the hospital. The child did not suffer any adverse effects from this incident.
“The child's father, a 33 yr old man from Drayton Valley, left the bar and drove away before police arrived. However, they were located and arrested for an outstanding warrant and a number of criminal and provincial offences.” Police allege that the suspect, when arrested, though the baby was still in their vehicle.
Aaron Blake Wilkinson has been charged with abandoning a child and causing a child to be in need of intervention, impaired operation of a motor vehicle, impaired over 80 mg per cent and breach of a recognizance. Wilkinson was released on their own recognizance to appear in Leduc Provincial Court on March 22 to answer to their charges.
Cpl. Janke said this story had a safe ending due to the help of concerned bystanders. “The quick thinking of and care provided by concerned citizens helped bring this incident to the attention of the Leduc RCMP and Leduc CFS,” stated Janke. “It is with this kind of caring and conscientious community support that the Leduc RCMP continues to promote healthy homes and healthy communities in the Leduc Detachment area.
stu.salkeld@pipestoneflyer.ca
Have a knack for trivia? Well, so does Brooke… Try to answer as many questions right as you can in 30 seconds. If you answer more correctly than Brooke, you win 100 bucks! Good luck!
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday about Andrew Puzder's nomination hearings this week for labor secretary. They also discussed the Left's ongoing interference and disruptions of the Trump administration's effort to complete its early, aggressive agenda.
As for confirming Puzder, “The Left can protest,” said Blackburn. “The votes are in the Senate to confirm him. The people are tired of the president not having their cabinet in place. They want to see that cabinet confirmed, and they want to see issues addressed that are important to the American people.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Blackburn added, “Whether it is Andrew Puzder or any of those [appointees] who have been confirmed, those on the Left are very upset that Hillary Clinton lost and Donald Trump won. They still have a difficult time accepting that.”
“They are doing their best to disrupt Donald Trump and look for anything they can to stall their one-hundred-day and two-hundred-day agenda.”
Blackburn believes their ultimate goal is to be able to claim Trump did not meet their early campaign promises.
“Does it hit a tipping point where the American public gets tired of this?” offered Blackburn. “I would say, yes, it probably does.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
Estero High School (Photo: Submitted)
A tough week for the Estero High School football team ended with a stirring 26-7 win over Lemon Bay in the Wildcats' homecoming on Friday night.
Tailback Mason Crowell sparked Estero (3-1) with 111 yards on seven carries in the second half. Their 15-yard touchdown run gave the Wildcats their first lead of the night, 12-7, and they added two more touchdowns.
“I think all the coaches noted how hard we hit,” interim coach Brad Vojcak said. “Our focus was on finishing and playing hard. Kudos to the kids for that.”
Vojcak became coach when Jeff Hanlon was reassigned pending an investigation by the Lee County School District.
District spokesperson Lauren Stillwell said they couldn't comment on the investigation into the physical education and driver's education teacher. Hanlon's wife, Marjorie, who is a teacher leader at the school and the boys track and field coach, has also been reassigned, pending an investigation.
Phil Hobbs had two touchdowns, a 40-yard run and an 11-yard TD pass from Tanner Elliott, who threw for 108 yards.
Meanwhile, Estero's defense forced four turnovers, two interceptions and two recovered fumbles, while limiting Lemon Bay to eight first downs.
When asked what it was like to be in the big shoes, Vojcak said, “Our kids played hard that's all I care about.”
Lemon Bay took a 7-0 lead on a Thomas Chaney 4-yard run in the second quarter.
Estero responded with a touchdown as Elliott hit Hobbs with an 11-yard score. However, the extra point missed.
Crowell's 38-yard run got Estero's offense going in the second half. Six plays later, they scored on a 15-yard run. They also set up their team's third TD with a 43-yard run.
“It's not just me. It's our offensive line. Our receivers making a block,” Crowell said. “We needed to finish. We were driving but not finishing.”
Vojcak said Crowell is a hard-working kid who brings in an element of speed.
“We wanted to get them in certain rotations,” they said. “He really gave us a burst.”
A number of Estero High alumni attended the game, as did former Wildcats coach Joe Hampton.
“We were real excited with all the alumni who came back,” Vojcak said. “Coach Hampton flew in for the game and talked to the guys, which really inspired the team. It was a really cool message from a guy who has been at Estero since the beginning.”
ESTERO 26, LEMON BAY 7
LB 0 7 0 0 -- 7
E 0 6 6 14 -- 26
Second quarter
LB -- Thomas Chaney 4 run (John Moore kick), 11:17
E -- Phillip Hobbs 11 pass from Tanner Elliott (kick failed), 4:59
Third quarter
E -- Mason Crowell 15 run (kick failed), 6:02
Fourth quarter
E -- Elliott 5 run (Michael Mendes kick), 7:49
E -- Hobbs 40 run (Mendes kick), 5:02
Ollie's parents are part of the WellChild Family Tree and find comfort and support in talking to other families in similar situations to themselves. Find out how you could join our family support group at https://t.co/GeTeAbm7Yh pic.twitter.com/3GMbbPB4v7 — WellChild (@WellChild) June 27, 2018
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The competition is organised by country store Carrs Billington Agriculture to support WellChild, a national charity for seriously ill children.Farmers are being challenged to create their critters from silage bales wrapped in WellChild's colour purple.Farmers taking part in the competition will send in photos of their creations to be displayed on the WellChild and Carrs Billington Facebook pages.The farmer whose critter display is judged the best, will receive two tickets for the WellChild Awards 2018 which will take place at the Royal Lancaster Hotel, London later this year.The event, which could be attended by WellChild Patron Prince Harry, gives awards to inspirational children coping with serious illness, to caring children and to dedicated child health professionals.Over the past two years farmers have donated over £25,000 to WellChild with their purple bales campaigns.Carrs Billington will be donating at least £10,000 this year to support WellChild's work. As part of their support they will be distributing the purple silage wrap to farmers.WellChild Chief Executive, Colin Dyer said: “The bale critters in WellChild purple will be a surprising and amusing sight in fields all over the UK and the money raised will help greatly with our work to support seriously ill children and their families.”Rae Tomlinson, Carrs Billington Managing Director added: “The efforts of WellChild make a considerable difference to the lives of seriously ill children and we know our staff and customers have enjoyed the purple campaign on previous years.”
Heather works at Hackett Hot Wings by day. On weekends, them and their friends from the LGBTQ+ community hit up Equality Rocks to have a good time, and more importantly for a time to be themselves. "I would go there to the drag show with my friends. It was just a fun place to go to people in the gay community, my community we would be able to get together and have a good time. We felt like we had a safe place in Joplin to do that" says Heather. "The biggest thing is...
More >>
The parents of Sophia Myers are calling a rare disease bill a huge step forward in the fight against rare diseases.
Until it burst onto the scene earlier this year, Zika was an obscure, little-known virus. As a result, scientists know little about how it works. Over the past year, they have learned that it can cause a range of dangerous health problems, including birth defects such as microcephaly and neurological problems such as Guillain-Barré syndrome. But they don't know which Zika protein or proteins are causing harm, or exactly how these proteins cause damage.
Now, a new study by scientists at the University of Maryland School of Medicine (UM SOM) has for the first time identified seven key proteins in the virus that may be the culprits behind this damage. The study is the first comprehensive description of the Zika virus genome. The study was published today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"The mechanism of this virus has been a real mystery," said the lead researcher on the study, Richard Zhao, a professor of pathology at UM SOM. "These results give us crucial insight into how Zika affects cells. We now have some really valuable clues for future research."
Zika virus has infected hundreds of thousands of people around the world, mostly in the Americas. In the United States and its territories, more than 38,000 Zika cases have been reported so far, most of them in Puerto Rico. There are no vaccines or treatments to prevent or treat the symptoms of Zika infection.
To test the virus, Dr. Zhao used fission yeast, a species that in recent years has become a relatively common way to test how pathogens affect cells. Fission yeast was originally used to make beer, particularly in Africa, where it originated. (Its species name is Schizosaccharomyces pombe; pombe means beer in Swahili.) Over decades, fission yeast has been used by many scientists to find out mechanisms and behavior of cells.
Dr. Zhao is a pioneer in using the fission yeast model to study HIV, as well as the Yellow Barley Dwarf virus, a plant pathogen that causes billions of dollars in crop damage every year throughout the world. So they were very familiar with the fission yeast model. "With Zika we are in a race against time," they say. "I asked myself what I can do to help. I have this unique way of dissecting the genome. So I started on this."
For the experiment, Dr. Zhao and their colleagues separated each of the virus's 14 proteins and small peptides from the overall virus. They then exposed yeast cells to each of the 14 proteins, to see how the cells responded. Seven of the 14 proteins harmed or damaged the yeast cells in some way, inhibiting their growth, damaging them or killing them.
Dr. Zhao and their colleagues will continue to work on Zika. The next step is to understand more about how these seven proteins work in humans. It may be that some of them are more damaging than others, or perhaps all of them work in concert to cause harm. Dr. Zhao is now beginning research on how the virus interacts with rat and human cells, in collaboration with one of the study's co-authors, J. Marc Simard, a professor of Neurosurgery at UM SOM.
Another co-author is Robert C. Gallo, the director of the Institute of Human Virology.
###
BRIEF-Yingli Green Energy Q1 adjusted loss per ADS was RMB10.6
* Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd - ‍pv module shipments in q2 of 2017 is expected to be in range of 950mw to 1,050mw​
5 Surprise Romantic Getaways In The USCelebrate Valentine's Day or any other romantic occasion by visiting any of these five American destinations.
America's 5 Best Comfort Food SpotsFive of the nation's traditional and very special places where comfort foods are served. Diners find such menu favorites as steak and potatoes, mac and cheese, burgers and fries, and old fashioned baked pies.
Take A Trip Back In Time To See The BeatlesIn the English city where they were born and rose to fame, tourists can take a trip back in time to meet "The Beatles."
Best Tropical Destinations For Travelers On A BudgetA closer look at five of the best tropical or subtropical destinations in the world for the budget-minded traveler.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
House finches that frequent North American cities and towns are better at solving new problems than their rural counterparts. They are able to solve new problems even when humans are around, says Meghan Cook of Arizona State University in the US, lead author of a study in Springer's journal Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology. The study investigated how increased urbanization and human presence affects the behavior and foraging habits of wildlife, and how birds, in particular, cope.
The house finch (Haemorhous mexicanus) is a songbird native to the desert areas of North America. It is found in urban and rural areas of Mexico and the southwestern parts of the United States. Since the 1940s, the house finch has also successfully adapted to city living in, for instance, New York. Its natural diet consists of seeds, fruits and buds, and in urban areas it also frequents bird feeders.
The research team captured and ringed 82 juvenile house finches from two sites in the Phoenix metropolitan area, and two other sites in nearby regional parks. The birds were then housed in captivity on the campus of the Arizona State University. About two weeks later the first trials were conducted in two identical animal-approved rooms, which were designed to minimize other disturbances. Each trial tested one bird at a time with no humans present. The second part of the experiment took place five weeks later after the birds had experienced different levels of human disturbance. All birds were presented with a small tin container covered with a sliding lid which was half-filled with sunflower seeds and attached to an empty food dish. This was done to see if the birds would successfully attempt to open the tin container to feed.
Overall, finches solved the foraging problem with similar success in the pre- and the post disturbance trials, with 26 percent and 18 percent of them respectively being able to slide the lid open to find the food. Their increased age or previous experiences did not help the birds solve the conundrum better.
A bird's success was affected by the interplay between the level of human disturbance that was experienced, and where a bird was originally captured. In particular, rural birds that experienced high disturbance performed much worse on the problem-solving task.
"In fact, unlike urban birds, not a single rural bird tested solved the novel foraging problem after they were subjected to the high human-disturbance treatment," says Cook.
The research team also established that the ability to focus on a task at hand without being distracted increased a bird's chances of success. Focus was measured by looking at the average time that a bird inspected the dish in one go.
"The findings suggest that city birds have habituated and/or adapted to typically benign human presence, but rural birds (with less frequent interactions with humans) may still perceive humans as threatening, which then interferes with their ability to solve a problem," explains Cook.
###
Reference: Cook, M.O. et al (2017). The effects of urbanization and human disturbance on problem-solving in juvenile house finches (Haemorhous mexicanus), Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology
How can audio progress in today's market? With digital streaming, the proliferation of Hi-Res Audio slowly making inroads, and the advancement of wireless technologies, there's increasing demand for quality.
Audio-Technica's answer is the ATH-DSR9BT: the first over-ear headphones to ditch the digital-to-analogue (DAC) conversion process and deliver a true digital signal from source to drivers. The company calls it Pure Digital Drive technology.
Which sounds all well and good, but what does this actually mean? Without a DAC there's no analogue conversion and, so the theory goes, no added distortion for more accurate reproduction. No conversion means no compromise of the original recording. Add aptX HD compatibility and it's possible to benefit from formats up to 48kHz/24-bit over a wireless connection for the utmost quality.
With this digital focus, the DSR9BT ditches the 3.5mm headphone jack. Apple ditched the headphones jack in its iPhones, so Audio-Technica has done the equal opposite at the receiving end for the benefit of digital quality. If you must go wired then it's via the Micro-USB port only (to a Hi-Res-capable 96kHz/24-bit).
We first saw the DSR9BT when announced in Japan back in 2016, then again at their soft-launch at CES 2017 in the USA, before living with a pair in the UK at the tail-end of that year for over six months, arriving at this juncture, with a full and rounded view of just how good these headphones can be... and, sometimes, just how limited.
Pure Digital Drive system (original digital signal from source to driver)
Trio of LED lights to display charging/battery/codec type
On-earcup touch controls and volume jog-switch
Luxury memory-foam earpads and headband
Hard carry case and 2m USB cable included
Audio-Technica likes to stress that each of its new products is built from the ground up, the same being true for the DSR9BT. Externally, however, these cans take some design inspiration from the earlier MSR7 model - a wired set of over-ears that we've long praised for balanced delivery, comfortable wear and a well-considered price point.
The DSR9BT don't come with such a sensible price point, though. Not by a long shot. At £499 they're asserting the position of top-spec, no compromise cans for future-facing audiophiles. Which is a niche market - but if you're looking for such particulars then Audio-Technica certainly delivers the goods.
It's not so much the exterior that you're paying for here either. Sure, the understated grey has appeal and there's nothing bad about the build - yet they're not exactly at B&O BeoPlay or Master & Dynamic levels of build quality or material selections. Everything A-T has a more plasticky sheen and simplicity about it. Where the real money is at, of course, is internally - which we'll get to in a moment - with world-first proprietary voice coils and all the goods that make for distinct audio.
To take full advantage of their typically wireless nature, the DSR9BT host on-headphone controls too, positioned on both earcups. A jog-switch for volume adjustment sits next to a touch-sensor to start/stop or accept calls on the left earcup. On the other is the Bluetooth on/off switch, accompanied by a subtle in-ear chime to let you know they're active.
All these controls are easy to locate without looking like you have lost something and equally easy to use with success. Their plasticky finish doesn't look or feel premium, however, with a finish that ultimately lacks cohesion with the rest of the headphones' material choices. Metal buttons might be an excess, but at this price point the material choice ought to be better matched.
There's nothing to criticise about the quality of the earcups though. The light grey leather-like finish is well padded for optimum comfort, complete with threaded finish, while their depth avoids them pinching or pressing against the ears too heavily. Even the all-too-apparent spelled-out "left" and "right" markings of the earlier MSR7 have been moved to the insides of the DSR9BT, which looks much tidier.
These are cushy cans indeed, thus ideal for long periods of listening with no qualms whatsoever.
Bluetooth 4.2 (A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP) with NFC compatibility
Supports: aptX HD, aptX, AAC & SBC codecs [to 48kHz/24-bit]
Hi-Res Audio compatible via USB [to 96kHz/24-bit]
Battery life: up to 15-hours listening time
Charging: 5-hours via Micro-USB
No 3.5mm (Micro-USB-B only)
With a predominantly wireless focus, it's good to see that Audio-Technica has crammed in the majority of support that you'll want from such a pair of headphones. With Qualcomm's aptX HD supported, you'll get one of the highest-quality wireless streams you possibly can, at 48kHz/24-bit. Ideal if you have the relevant quality files.
It's also worth pointing out that Sony can go one better with LDAC, the company's wireless format capable of supporting 96kHz/24-bit wireless via Bluetooth. Problem is, despite that being supported by Android Oreo 8.0 (thus meaning your Android phone could, theoretically, be compatible), you won't find that technology outside of Sony headphones. So it's hard to criticise Audio-Technica for not having this competitor's proprietary technology.
Because there are tiers of quality standards, the DSR9BT also feature a trio of LED on the side of one earcup. One represents aptX HD quality, the other aptX (standard), the last AAC and SBC. It's a subtle way of visually showing the quality of incoming audio. Saying that, it's not especially clear how this system works without knowing about it in advance - and who reads a manual?
If you do want to receive the top-of-the-line 96kHz/24-bit quality with the ATH-DSR9BT then you'll need to go wired. But there's a problem: you'll need to use the Micro-USB port, which is tucked beneath a flap next to the volume switch. The design of this port is, frankly, terrible. The flap gets in the way for wires and it's so sunken that few-to-no cables can fit in there successfully - if you lose the provided one you'll be tearing your hair out trying to find a usable replacement (we went through about seven different options and none fitted, other than the provided cable).
Furthermore the Micro-USB connection takes a staggering five hours to charge when these cans are out of juice - which is too slow for forward-thinking headphones that want to be used wirelessly much of the time. We've often run out of juice in stand-by mode (we're not convinced there are 1000 hours of stand-by time, but the 15-hours of listening time rings true) and been left with no connection and therefore no music, having largely been dependent on Bluetooth connectivity from laptop or phone.
In short: this USB port should be a weather-sealed USB Type-C, positioned to accept a wider range of cables, and without the unnecessary rubberised flap design.
45mm True Motion D/A drivers, exclusive to this product
Unique four-core voice coil for enhanced audio accuracy
5Hz to 45,000Hz frequency response
The comfort of the DSR9BT is great and connectivity throughout testing has been good, too. We did find a bug when switching between Android phone Bluetooth and Mac laptop Bluetooth, however, which caused a "crash" that required a hard reset to resume operation (even the engineers in Japan couldn't reproduce this one when we raised it as a possible issue).
But what the DSR9BT is all about is audio. Forget any design niggles. Forget the price. You're going to buy these for wireless Hi-Res Audio quality, which is exactly what you'll get.
The very first time we tried the DSR9BT in a near-silent room the experience was different to anything we'd listened to over the previous year. The amount of dedication to the top-end opens out a clarity that few can compete. We'll admit, at first we found it over-sharp, but then we realised it's really how much muddier competitor headphones sound with their drowning-in-bass balance by compare.
With so much available clarity in the high end you'll really want those high-quality files, too, as the top-end is where you'll really begin to spot the unwanted compression and "fizz" of lesser audio. We've been listening with an Astel & Kern player to ensure top-spec listening, alongside our slightly lesser day-to-day phone- and laptop-based sessions.
Now, if you do want bags of bass then you might find the DSR9BT too flat for your tastes. But then you'd probably say the same of a studio monitor. It's because that's how neutral sound is supposed to be delivered. With proper positioning on the ears and listening in the right kind of environment - these are hardly London Tube commuter cans, after all - there's great clarity. Personally we'd boost the bass via a separate equaliser, but that's a matter of taste - and there's no limitation on the DSR9BT being capable of delivering, as its 5-to-45,000Hz frequency response attests.
Unlike other headphones the DSR9BT include what Audio-Technica calls a "Dnote chipset", which commands four voice coils in the headphones' 45mm drivers. Most headphones only have one such coil, thus the DSR9BT can create a more dynamic response for a truer interpretation of a given recording.
We dabbled in the known classics, such as Hotel California, which shows the power of a quality recording. Winding the clock forward to the modern era with a slice of Adele's latest album showed how well the DSR9BT can handle reverb-dripping vocals. Classical music sounds dreamy, while more compressed rock tracks sound like crushing walls of sound - and not always in a good way, so your preferred era and genre of music will help guide whether these headphones will suit your tastes.
Pune, India, May, 2018 /MRFR Press Release/- Market Research Future Adds Global Wind Power Market Size, Status and Forecast 2027 added to its database. The report provides key statistics on the current state of the industry and other analytical data to understand the market.
Wind Energy – An Insight
Wind power is one of the most beneficial renewable energy resources to be discovered till date. Since its discovery it has become a hit amongst the masses and market players alike. It is because wind is free and abundant and the energy produced through it is precious. Over the years the graph of growth for the wind power market has only gone up and it seems like this fact is not going to change anytime soon.
In simple terms, wind power can be explained as the use of air flow through wind turbines to mechanically power generators to produce electricity. Wind power has many advantages, some of the major ones happen to be it is an environment friendly alternative to burning fossil fuels, it is readily available, it is clean and also it does not emit any harmful gases into the atmosphere.
On the whole, it can be concluded that this form of energy is quite beneficial and hence this market will not go out of business anytime soon.
Download the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1511
Key Players
Some of the key players in the Wind Power Market are WS Truepower, LLC, DNV GL, Blue Sky Energy, Inc., Enercon India Pvt limited, Wind World India limited, GE Wind Energy Limited, Orient Green Power Limited, Indowind Energy Limited, Aban Loyd Chiles Offshore Ltd
Industry Trends
Over the years the global wind power market has witnessed many industry trends that worked in its favor. However, at present there are three main trends that seem to be governing the market. They can be named as rise in fiscal benefits, government support and higher return on investment.
Intended Audience
Wind Power manufacturers
Wind Power Suppliers
Research and Development (R&D) Companies
Regional Analysis of Wind Power Market:
North America is expected to dominate the Wind Power market mainly due to the recent investment trends in this market. An existing infrastructure in the North American region to harvest wind energy also provides this region with the boost in demand in the Wind Power Market.
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1511
Last week, footage was released of a schizophrenic man writhing on the floor of their cell until they die as California sheriff's deputies laugh and smirk.
The Tribune of San Luis Obispo posted the approximately eight-minute-long video of Andrew Holland's death on January 22, 2017, last week. Holland, who was in jail for minor offenses, died after an embolism traveled to their brain. Blood clots, which typically cause embolisms, often occur after an extended period of sitting or lying down.
The footage contradicts the county officials' version of how Holland died. Contrary to what police stated, Holland was not "found unconscious and unresponsive" and was not "under the continual care of a physician" at the time of their death.
Holland was pronounced dead in their cell at 5:36 p.m. on January 22, 2017, only about an hour after they were released from being strapped to a plastic restraint chair for two days for hitting himself.
In an email Thursday, County Administrative Officer Wade Horton said the video was "extremely painful to watch."
​"What happened to Andrew Holland was a tragedy that impacts our entire community," Horton wrote.
"Although we can't bring Andrew back, our county has made, and continues to make, changes in response to this terrible event."
Some of the reforms implemented including banning the use of restraint chairs, hiring an independent contractor to audit county procedures and establishing the Stepping Up initiative to reduce the number of mentally ill patients in prisons.
In July 2017, Holland's family was awarded a $5 million settlement from the county. They plan to use the settlement money to establish a nonprofit organization to advocate for civil rights of mentally ill people in jail.
"We had hope that their life would improve, but on January 22nd of this year, our son Andrew died a brutal and tortured death at the hands of the custodial staff at San Luis Obispo County jail," Holland's mother, Sharon, told reporters last July.
Although Horton did admit that the county is partly responsible for Holland's death, they did not specify whether any officials would face consequences over Holland's death.
May 3 Ryerson Holding Corp
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.40 ; revenues were $814.5 million for the first quarter of 2017, up 15.9 percent from the year-ago period
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.34, revenue view $783.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Ryerson Holding Corp- Ryerson anticipates higher average selling prices in the second quarter of 2017
* Ryerson Holding Corp- intends to issue second quarter 2017 guidance in the second half of june Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
It was a scary situation for a mom and their infant in Barkhamsted when a bear pushed its way into their house.
Scroll for more content...
The bear came from the state forest that is behind the home, went in through a sunroom and then through a set of double doors, into the house, right into the kitchen.
"All the food from the fridge had dumped down onto the floor or onto the freezer and they just took everything out, everything. There was nothing left in it," said Emily Humphrey, whose house a bear broke into earlier this week.
Photos they shared with Channel 3 show opened cabinets and food was strewn about. The photos were taken shortly after the bear made himself, or herself, at home in the kitchen.
All of this happened around 1 p.m. on Wednesday, when Humphrey was in the living room with their 5-month-old daughter. That's when they heard a bang.
"It hit the door hard and swung open so I grabbed them and went with the dogs. I ran out of the house with the dogs and went to the neighbor's," they said.
They called police and video taken by a neighbor shows the moment a bear, which was not tagged, ran away into the woods and was lost.
The home is in an area where bears are seen walking around streets and backyards on almost a daily basis.
Residents say they feel they have become too comfortable and brazen around humans and that there should be some hunting season allowed.
Humphrey and their neighbors want to be clear that they do like bears, that is why they choose to live in the woods amongst nature, but they say this problem has gotten so bad that they do think the government needs to step in and thin out the population.
CASTELLUCCIO, ITALY- (May 30, 2018)- Olive oil is a staple of Italian cuisine. It's been that way for thousands of years. And new chemical analysis conducted on ancient pottery proves the liquid gold has existed in Italy hundreds of years longer than what anthropologists have previously recorded.
A team of researchers leads by Davide Tanasi, PhD, assistant professor of history at the University of South Florida, carried out chemical analyses to identify the content of a large jar, found in the 90s by Giuseppe Voza during the excavations at the site of Castelluccio. Conservators at the Archaeological Museum of Siracusa restored and reassembled 400 ceramic fragments, resulting in an egg-shaped 3 ½ foot storage container adorned with rope bands and three vertical handles on each side. At the same architectural site in Castelluccio in Sicily, researchers found two fragmented basins with an internal septum, indicating it was used to keep multiple substances together, but separate, along with a large terracotta cooking plate.
"The shape of this storage container and the nearby septum was like nothing else Voza found at the site in Castelluccio," said Dr. Tanasi. "It had the signature of Sicilian tableware dated to the end of the 3rd and beginning of the 2nd millennium BCE (Early Bronze Age). We wanted to learn how it was used, so we conducted chemical analysis on organic residues found inside."
In the study published in Analytical Methods, Dr. Tanasi tested the three artifacts using techniques traditionally and successfully used on archaeological pottery: Gas Chromatography, Mass Spectrometry and Nuclear Magnetic Resonance. Their team found organic residue from all three samples contained oleic and linoleic acids, signatures of olive oil. They conclude the artifacts are from the Sicilian Early Bronze Age due to their location and peculiar shapes.
"The results obtained with the three samples from Castelluccio become the first chemical evidence of the oldest olive oil in Italian prehistory, pushing back the hands of the clock for the systematic olive oil production by at least 700 years," said Tanasi.
The only known identification of chemical signatures of olive oil are from storage jars discovered in southern Italy in Cosenza and Lecce believed to be from the 12th and 11th century BCE (Copper Age).
###
The controversial film, Inxeba (The Wound) opened in South African cinemas Friday despite attempts from traditional leaders to stage protests. While two
Eastern Cape cinemas did cancel screenings, the mood on Twitter was positive
Nu Metro in Walmer Park in Port Elizabeth and East London's Hemingways Mall cancelled the opening of the movie following threats from traditional leaders and some social media users.
Screenings in KZN went ahead without protest.
The film directed by John Trengove was screened in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival and the Panorama section of the 67th Berlin International Film Festival. The film opened the Tel Aviv International LGBT Film Festival last year. It claimed eight South African Film and Television Awards (Safta) nominations, including for Best Actor, Best Directing and Best Film.
The film, which depicts the development of a same-sex love-affair in the midst of a Xhosa initiation ritual, has been accused of disrespecting a sacred rite of passage.
Producer Elias Ribeiro said the movie had a positive response from many people in the Xhosa community.
"It was important to showcase the rich untold stories of the country. Many in the Xhosa community feel the movie is well presented‚ but there have also been some conservatives who are upset‚” they said.
Actor Niza Jay said they hoped audiences would not jump to conclusions only based on the film's provocative trailer.
The movie trended at No1 on Twitter last night with a range of views including a review from Zodwa Wabuntu. Many who had seen the movie were positive. Here are their views.
#Inxeba is an excellent and beautiful film. I've seen it twice and will see it again. Go and watch it this weekend! And if you've not seen it you're NOT entitled to a definitive view about it. pic.twitter.com/cQnI4T04TE
— Eusebius McKaiser (@Eusebius) February 2, 2018
NEW YORK -- The Atlanta Hawks head to Madison Square Garden on Sunday afternoon for the rubber match of the teams' season series.
More importantly, the Hawks need to get their defense back on track.
Until its Jan. 26 game against Charlotte, Atlanta had allowed 119 or more points six times in their first 47 games. Including that game, a 121-110 Hornets win, the Hawks have allowed 119 or more in four of their last five, including a 119-110 loss at Boston on Friday.
"I mean, you can score, but at the end of the day you still got to get stops and we didn't do that today," Atlanta's Dennis Schroder said after the loss to the Hornets.
For the Knicks, defense has not been the primary problem. In fact, New York ranks in the top 12 in the NBA in points allowed (105.6) and rebounds (44.4).
But a stagnant offense led by a fading Kristaps Porzingis has averaged only 104.2 points per game this year. And things are getting worse.
New York has combined to score only 163 points in its last two games, losses at Boston and Milwaukee.
Porzingis, who ranked among the league's five best scorers in the early part of the season, has come undone. They scored a combined 33 points in the losses to the Bucks and Celtics and got little help from their running mates.
The Knicks' second-leading scorer, Tim Hardaway Jr., totaled 10 points in the two games on 2-of-24 shooting.
"My shots weren't falling," Hardaway told reporters after the 92-90 loss to the Bucks. "I put this on me. I put this one on my shoulders. I take all the blame for this."
In the team's first matchup, a 116-104 Hawks victory in Atlanta, New York's offense did well enough -- shooting 51 percent from the field, 40 percent from 3-point range and 86 percent from the free-throw line -- but the Hawks had seven players in double figures, led by Dennis Schroder's 26 points. Porzingis had 28 points in the matchup and Hardaway 22, but with Enes Kanter out, New York's starting center Kyle O'Quinn had two points.
Sixteen days later in MSG, Porzingis scored 30 and Doug McDermott added 23 off the bench in a 111-107 Knicks win. In that game, New York led by 10 with six minutes left, only to watch the Hawks climb to within two with 20 seconds left before the Knicks closed it out.
"The bench stepped up tonight," coach Jeff Hornacek told reporters after the win. "That was huge for Doug; for us too. ... They attacked the basket. I thought we did a better job of getting downhill, getting down the lane and then kicking out. With the combination of Jarrett (Jack) and Ron (Baker) , Frank (Ntilikina) did some of that and Doug drove in there, so when we keep it spread out and we drive it, it gives a few more opportunities to shoot threes and get to the basket and maybe even get fouled."
× Kings Dominion changes name of historic ‘Rebel Yell' to ‘Racer 75'
DOSWELL, Va. — The “Rebel Yell” is no more!
Kings Dominion has announced they are changing the name of the landmark wooden roller coaster to “Racer 75.”
The amusement park said the new name gives recognition to ACE, the American Coaster Enthusiasts, (rACEr) which was founded in 1978 after a roller-coaster-riding event on the Rebel Yell.
The number 75 represents 1975, the year the attraction opened in the amusement park.
Rebel Yell is a Confederate inspired nickname that was named for the historic Rebel Yell, a battle cry used by Confederate soldiers during the Civil War.
The rollercoaster is one of Kings Dominion most popular attractions and is known for having two separate tracks that are parallel to one another.
The famous ride was also featured in the 1977 movie Rollercoaster.
Not only changing the name, Kings Dominion says they will also do some construction on the ride.
“We will continue to replace sections of the track on this classic wooden coaster as a commitment to maintaining the iconic ride,” according to the website. “As part of this work, riders will notice a smoother experience as they race through the course.”
Jean-Eric Vergne led home the first ever 1-2 in Formula E to win the Santiago ePrix ahead of Andre Lotterer.
Vergne never lost the lead of the race having started on pole, but came under immense pressure from their team-mate in the closing laps, leading to an epic five-way battle.
The two Techeetah drivers even made contact in the closing laps, with Lotterer running into the back of Vergne and nearly running both of them into the wall.
The two TECHEETAH's hit each other! The battle for the top five is wide open #SantiagoEPrix @TecheetahFE pic.twitter.com/T3yGR39MK1 — ABB Formula E (@FIAFormulaE) February 3, 2018
The team were suffering from radio issues meaning they were unable to call the battle off, and in the meantime Sebastien Buemi, Sam Bird and Felix Rosenqvist all caught up with the pair.
Vergne was able to hold on though for their second victory in the series, which propelled them to the top of the driver's championship.
For Lotterer it was a welcome result after a disastrous start to the season, and by pressuring their more experienced team-mate they showed that they are now fully up to speed in the series.
Buemi and Bird kept their noses in the title battle by finishing third and fifth, and Rosenqvist drove superbly to come through the field.
A terrible qualifying meant that the Mahindra Racing driver started down in fourteenth, but despite a slow start they made up several places in the pit stops to finish fourth.
They were helped in part by Nelson Piquet Jr out-breaking themselves while trying to overtake Buemi for fourth, which caused them to take to the escape road and dropped them down to sixth.
The second Panasonic Jaguar Racing car of Mitch Evans finished in seventh, ahead of Jerome d'Ambrosio, Antonio Felix da Costa and Nico Prost finished off the points scoring positions.
The race got off to a dramatic start with the safety car being deployed after a first lap that saw Maro Engel, Jose Maria Lopez and Nick Heidfeld all crash out.
It was particularly disappointing for Jose Maria Lopez who had a brilliant start to climb up to fifth, only to be squeezed into the wall by Bird.
Both Audi Sport ABT Schaeffler cars joined them on the list of non-finishers as reliability issues once again hit the German team.
It was the latest in a string of problems, and has effectively ruled out any slim hopes Lucas di Grassi had of retaining their title.
BLUE SPRINGS, Mo. - One person is dead after a crash Monday morning in Blue Springs.
At 9:05 a.m., Blue Springs police responded to westbound U.S. 40 Highway and Cemetery Road on a crash.
Police said it appears a Ford Mustang was traveling westbound on U.S. 40 Highway and a Toyota Prius was traveling southbound on Cemetery Road when the two vehicles collided.
Both drivers were taken to local hospitals. One driver later died.
U.S. 40 Highway near Cemetery Road is shut down.
The Blue Springs Police Department's Traffic and Investigations Units are investigating the crash.
Buy Photo United States Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos visits with students at Everglades City School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. DeVos also visited Pinecrest Elementary School in Immokalee on their tour. (Photo: Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
Buy Photo United States Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos visits with students at Everglades City School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. DeVos also visited Pinecrest Elementary School in Immokalee on their tour. (Photo: Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News)
Buy Photo United States Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos walks through Everglades City School on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. DeVos also visited Pinecrest Elementary School in Immokalee on their tour. (Photo: Dorothy Edwards/Naples Daily News)
Two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet visited Everglades City on Friday to tour the small town that's still reeling one month after it was ravaged by Hurricane Irma.
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos spoke with students at Everglades City School while Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke got a firsthand look at damage the storm wrought at the Gulf Coast Visitor Center of Everglades National Park.
The separate and seemingly uncoordinated visits were remarkable for the level of attention they brought to the fishing and tourist town, where the mayor estimates two-thirds of homes are damaged or destroyed.
In their unexpected visit, DeVos spent the morning touring the school, where Irma caused severe flood damage and left at least 44 students and three teachers homeless.
“It's very sobering and stark for me to witness,” they said.
The U.S. Department of Education has been looking into aiding Florida and Texas schools with disaster relief through a federal program called Project School Emergency Response to Violence (SERV).
The program is intended to help school communities recover from traumatic events.
The most recent grant was awarded to the San Bernardino City Unified School District for $70,000 following the April, 2017 murder-suicide that left one child and two adults dead.
The last time Project SERV responded to a natural disaster was in September, 2016 following severe flooding in Louisiana. The state received $1.5 million to fund relief efforts.
DeVos spokesperson Elizabeth Hill said the U.S. Department of Education is waiting to hear from Florida and Texas education departments about their district's needs and thus a dollar amount has not yet been set to aid Florida and Texas school districts.
The U.S. Department of Education plans to allot funds to the Florida Department of Education, which will then decide how to distribute aid to individual districts, Hill said.
Project SERV operates on a $5 million budget and will not be impacted by President Trump's proposed $9 billion cut to the education budget.
Given this year's intense, costly and ongoing hurricane season, however, it's unclear if Project SERV will require additional funding from Congress.
“I think there will be ongoing questions around this not only for Florida and Irma but obviously for Maria - and hopefully Nate won't be a particularly strong storm,” DeVos said.
When asked how they view the role of their department in filling the Collier School District's needs, DeVos said they plan to waive red tape requirements and partner with local school leaders.
“They are getting things done and acting immediately and with urgency,” they said. “The last thing we want to have happened is to have anything bureaucratic impede their efforts.”
Collier Schools Superintendent Kamela Patton said they “absolutely” believes the Education Secretary will follow through on their plans to support the school community.
Patton spent the morning with DeVos in Everglades City as well as the afternoon touring Pinecrest Elementary School in Immokalee. There, at least 19 students were displaced by the hurricane and many more are barely scraping by. Immokalee is a small farming community and the hurricane destroyed many crops and fields, leaving a large number of parents unemployed.
Patton said they were glad the Secretary made time to see the destruction first hand as well as the ongoing difficulties the district is facing.
“Just because the kids are back doesn't mean they're mentally and physically all set to be back,” they said.
In their conversations with the secretary, Patton said they made a point to both emphasize the important role of charter schools and highlight CCPS' value as a traditional public school, specifically how the district rose from 33rd in 2011 to 5th this year in state rankings.
The Michigan billionaire has been widely criticized for their role in expanding charter schools and voucher programs at the expense of public schools, as well as for their lack of experience working in schools.
“I appreciate them just visiting our traditional public schools,” Patton said. “She hasn't visited many.”
During the visit DeVos took time to interact with students and parents.
Everglades City School second-grader Jack Snyder told DeVos they had survived the hurricane but that their house had flooded.
“That is such a bummer,” the Secretary replied.
Angela Nicholson, whose two-year-old nephew attends Everglades City School and spent time playing with DeVos, said it was a “cool and exciting” experience to have the Education Secretary visit their small community.
“It means a lot,” they said. “It shows they care and has interest in our little town and our school.”
On the heels of DeVos' visit, Zinke toured the Gulf Coast Visitor Center at Everglades National Park and had a sandwich with park rangers under a picnic pavilion.
Calling it a "no-brainer," Zinke said they supported the idea of tearing down the yellow wooden-sided visitor center, which housed a park gift shop and boat concession visited by more than 200,000 people every year.
"We will build it better than before," they said.
In a stop earlier Friday at Big Cypress National Preserve in eastern Collier County, Zinke lauded Interior Department employees' response to Irma.
"There's story after story of their personal homes being destroyed and they were out there still doing their duty," Zinke said. "There's a lot of sacrifice that I think needs to be recognized within the Interior."
National parks advocates have worried that repairs from Irma will further set back efforts to bridge a maintenance backlog at national parks in the U.S. Southeast, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands of between $400 million and $600 million. Nationwide, the backlog is estimated at more than $11 billion.
"Clearly we need to catch up," Zinke said.
The National Parks and Conservation Association this week called for Zinke to use their visit to Florida to propose hurricane relief funding for damaged parks.
When asked about emergency funding, Zinke was noncommittal, instead citing their plan to spend up to half of annual federal proceeds from oil and gas drilling on the backlog.
"There are two things the government must fund: the military and parks," said Zinke, a former Montana member of congress and Navy SEAL. "The rest is up for discussion."
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/weather/hurricanes/2017/10/06/education-secretary-devos-interior-secretary-zinke-visit-everglades-city/738098001/
BEER SEERS Corona Unfamiliar 11 diggs Booze
My friends and I have wondered for years if there's any difference at all between the different kinds of Corona. I decided to get to the bottom of it.
The Lane Titan baseball team fell just short of the semifinals in the Northwest Athletic Conference tournament in Longview, Washington.
The Titans started the tournament being dropped by Yakima Valley 6-4, which put them in the losers' bracket against Big Bend Community College.
The Titans advanced to the third-place game against Spokane after they downed the Vikings 5-2.
After jumping to a two-run lead in the first inning with a triple from Titan Bryce Mulcahy that scored Jackson Soto and Tielar Murray, Mulcahy scored two runs after hitting one out of the park to break open the game for Lane.
Mulcahy led Lane in the Big Bend game, batting 4-for-5 with four RBIs. Soto went 3-for-5 and Sakamoto went 2-for-5 with an RBI. Donovan Baldocchi led the Titans from the mound with nine strikeouts, allowing two walks, two runs and seven hits.
“We got in a couple of tight spots on defense and happened to make a couple double plays to get us out of some jams,” Mulcahy said. “One of the highest energy games our team has had all season.”
To get to the semifinals and a shot at third place, the Titans faced off against the Spokane Sasquatches, who had just taken a shellacking at the hands of Lower Columbia College, 10-3.
Mulcahy started the game for the Titans and pitched seven innings, giving up one run on five hits and racking up six strikeouts against five walks. They were relieved by Aaron Hutchinson, who gave up two hits against two strikeouts.
The Titans struggled to score until the eighth inning when first baseman Jackson Soto slammed a solo home run to tie the game at one. However, an error by shortstop Lane Kashiwamura in the top of the ninth inning allowed Sasquatch right fielder Aaron Fritts to score, ultimately sealing the Titans' fate. Spokane won 2-1 to advance to the semifinals against Yakima Valley.
Mulcahy praised their team's tenacity despite their disappointing finish in the tournament.
“Today, it was won or go home,” Mulcahy said. “I don't think any of the boys were ready to say goodbye, so we felt as if we had to leave it out on the field .”
The Titans ended their 2018 season with a record of 25-27, a slide from last year's 28-21 finish.
Related
[adrotate group="3"]
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
AMMAN — The US basic aid to Jordan in 2017 totals $1.3 billion under the budget endorsed by the Congress in early May, a statement said on Wednesday.
The Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation said in the statement that the aid comes "in appreciation of the pivotal role of Their Majesty King Abdullah", the burden the Kingdom bears, as well as its exemplary reform and developmental model.
During recent meetings with US official delegations, Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Imad Fakhoury said that the next US aid programme was expected to respond to national priorities through the renewal of a memorandum of understanding that governs the assistantce in the next five years.
They added that the aid programme should focus on supporting the budget and certain competitive sectors in a manner that guarantees stimulating the national economy according to the Economic Stimulation Plan of 2018-2022.
Fakhoury commended the strategic Jordanian-US relations and their positive impact on efforts aimed at achieving comprehensive development in the Kingdom through US aid programmes over the past years.
Renee and journalist and Louisville native Perry Bacon Jr., senior political writer at FiveThirtyEight, discuss President Trump's first year in office, Trump's interactions with Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin, party dynamics in both the national Republican and Democratic parties, and more. Previously, Bacon was a senior political reporter for NBC News and was a White House reporter and national political reporter at the Washington Post.
April 24 (UPI) -- Animal control officers in California said they were called to remove a rattlesnake that turned out to be a harmless rubber cobra.
Palo Alto Animal Services said in a Facebook post that animal control officers said rattlesnakes are common in the area, so officers are frequently called out to remove venomous serpents considered to be a threat to people or their pets.
"Our officers just relocate the snake to a more appropriate area close to where it was found," the Facebook post said.
The agency said a call for a snake in a Los Altos Hills resident's yard Monday was more unusual.
"It's rare that we get called to dispose of a dead snake, EVEN MORE rarely do they turn into Cobras and rubberize themselves," the Facebook post said. "Both rubber snakes and cobras are not native to this area. So it's very unlikely they will cause a threat. But rest assured, this ssssssscary looking guy will be 'disposed' of properly."
Becca Kufrin and Arie Luyendyk Jr. will be coming face-to-face on this season of The Bachelorette.
On Monday evening, Bachelor Nation watched Kufrin begin their journey to find love on the ABC reality series, which came months after Luyendyk Jr. ended their engagement with the Minnesota native — on live television — for a second chance with Bachelor runner-up Lauren Burnham.
Although Kufrin and Luyendyk Jr. have each found love with someone else — they exclusively revealed to PEOPLE that she's engaged to a contestant from the current Bachelorette season — they confirmed that they reunited for cameras.
“He will show up, yes,” Kufrin, 28, told Entertainment Tonight.
Download our Bachelorette bracket PDF now to play along with Becca Kufrin's season of The Bachelorette, which premieres Monday at 8 p.m. ET on ABC.
“We do have a conversation and you'll just have to see that unfold. At that point it wasn't emotional, it was just two adults sitting down, wishing each other the best and talking through our experiences,” they shared.
According to Kufrin, their on-camera Bachelorette discussion was the last chat they've had since their raw and emotional split.
“I knew that would probably be the last time we had a conversation, and I wish them and Lauren the best,” they said.
Less than five months ago, Kufrin was engaged to Luyendyk Jr., 36, whom they quickly fell for on their season of The Bachelor. But shortly before the season premiere aired, the race car driver admitted they still had feelings for Burnham. By mid-January, Luyendyk Jr. ended things with Kufrin to go back to Burnham. (They got engaged on After the Final Rose in March.)
Following the breakup, “I went through the grieving process,” Kufrin told PEOPLE. “I was confused and angry and all the emotions you go through a heartbreak with.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
But when the notion that they could be the next Bachelorette was presented, Kufrin knew they had to seriously consider the offer.
“Yes, I fell in love and we were engaged,” they said of Luyendyk Jr. “But that ended. And I realized nothing since then changed. I still wanted to find my partner, and I wasn't going to let anything stop me.”
Now blissfully engaged — the ring is “very beautiful,” they said — Kufrin can't wait to show off their man to the rest of the world. “I'm so excited to start this season and for everyone to see everything that happened.”
The Bachelorette airs Mondays (8 p.m. ET) on ABC.
Hinkley Point C nuclear power station site is seen near Bridgwater in Britain, September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo
LONDON EDF Energy has poured the concrete for some of the first permanent structures at its Hinkley Point C nuclear project site in Britain after getting the go-ahead from the nuclear regulator earlier this week, the company said on Friday.
Britain's first new nuclear plant to be built in decades has been plagued by delays. Critics of the 18 billion pound project have focussed on the guaranteed price for electricity, which they say does not reflect falling energy prices since the deal was drawn up.
However, Britain's Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) finally gave consent for work to start at the Hinkley site in southwest England on Monday.
Concerns have also arisen about the reactors which will be supplied by Areva. Last week, an internal document by the ONR said the safety culture at Areva's Creusot Forge in France fell short of expectations and warned about the implications for Hinkley.
EDF Energy said on Friday concrete has been poured for Hinkley's power station galleries, a network of connected tunnels which will carry cabling and pipes.
Construction of the first reactor at the plant is scheduled to start in 2019 when concrete will be poured for the first time to make the reactor platform, it added.
"Pouring the concrete for the first permanent structure of HPC is a significant milestone," Hinkley Point C project director Philippe Bordarier said in a statement.
"It demonstrates our ability to undertake the serious responsibility of nuclear power plant construction," they added.
EDF Energy said 1,600 workers are on the site each day.
Other work includes excavating soil and rock to prepare the ground for the power station buildings; constructing tower cranes for building work, accommodation buildings for workers and a temporary jetty.
EDF is building the plant with China General Nuclear Power Corporation (CGN), which has a 33.5 percent stake. It is expected to generate 3.2 gigawatts of electricity, enough to meet about 7 percent of Britain's demand.
The plant is due to start producing power in around 2025.
(Reporting by Nina Chestney; editing by Alexander Smith)
A new study of four South Asian countries reveals complex associations between early marriage and women's education, health and nutrition that go beyond the impacts of early childbearing. These health implications -- which include higher risk of domestic violence and poor mental health -- may also affect the next generation of children. Furthermore, increased education has had some, but not enough, success in delaying girls' marriage. The study, published in open-access journal Frontiers in Public Health, provides evidence showing why early marriage should be considered a major public health issue.
"We find that under-age marriage is a marker of multiple vulnerabilities, all of which reflect women's continuing low status in society, relative to men," says the study's lead author, Dr. Akanksha Marphatia from the University of Cambridge, UK.
They continue, "Increased education, the primary approach for delaying girls' marriage, has had some effect, but less than we expected. Women's education may be used to gain better marriage matches, without necessarily widening life opportunities."
The study reviews research from Bangladesh, India, Nepal and Pakistan -- where the extent of under-age marriage, below 18 years, for girls is among the highest in the world. While some progress has been made in reducing the prevalence of child marriages (under 15 years) in this South Asian region and in late adolescence (16-17 years) in Pakistan, the proportion of 16-17-year-old girls marrying in India, Nepal and Bangladesh has increased.
Until now, little attention has been paid by public health researchers to marriage itself. Instead, early childbearing, which has been shown to put the health of mothers and their children at risk, has been the focus of concern.
"Some of the negative health consequences of early marriage, for both mothers and their children, are related to the fact these women are so young -- they are more likely to be having their first births and these are always riskier. Others are related to their physiology, for example, pregnancy complications associated with young, biologically-immature mothers," explains Dr. Alice Reid, co-author of this research. "However, our study reveals that other factors, such as lack of autonomy and subordinate household position among those marrying young, also lead to poor health outcomes."
Those marrying early may be more susceptible to domestic violence, poor mental health, and malnutrition. They are also more likely to have limited access to contraception and healthcare. These negative effects may then impact their children, with daughters potentially also marrying young.
"Families can get stuck in cycles of negative consequences," explains Dr. Reid. "Reversal of these cycles is unlikely to happen simply through economic development, and may require concerted effort from a number of different policy areas."
Dr. Marphatia and their colleagues were prompted to highlight under-age marriage as a public health concern after their comprehensive review of demographic, public health and social scientific research and policy documents from international organizations on this subject. They also looked at predictive factors, to see if patterns of under-age marriage emerged.
"Our unique approach of geographically mapping women's marriage age and their educational attainment allowed us to highlight differences, such as between rural and urban areas, and between different countries," says Dr. Gabriel Amable, also a co-author.
These maps show that marriage age in these South Asian countries is shaped by more than socio-cultural dynamics.
"Marriage is more than simply a decision reflecting cultural norms and practices. Age at marriage is also linked to factors such as a family's socio-economic status, nutritional experience in early life, and differences in life opportunities available in rural and urban areas," explains Dr. Reid.
Dr. Amable describes where they hope the research to go next.
"Further mapping will help identify potential 'pockets of vulnerability', where women marry and drop-out of school at a younger age. We can also identify areas where, despite completing more education, girls still marry early. This information can help to target future policies and interventions."
###
The granting of a 30-year concession agreement during the second quarter of this year was a critical milestone for the Imaloto coal-fired independent power project (IPP), in Madagascar, aligning its development with that of the government's broader plans, Bushveld Minerals CEO Fortune Mojapelo commented on Wednesday.
In an update on the project, which is being developed by subsidiary Lemur Holdings, they said the company is committed to delivering on the value of the Imaloto power project by completing milestones that were set out for this year, to be able to supply affordable and high-quality baseload energy in south-west Madagascar.
Advertisement
The concession gives the IPP the right to build, own, operate and generate an initial 60 MW of coal-fired power.
Additionally, the concession gives Lemur the right to build an evacuation line of up to 138 kV for the transport of electricity to connection points.
Advertisement
An inception site visit for social- and environmental-impact assessment purposes has also been completed during the second quarter. Overall, the impact assessment work is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter.
Further, a power purchase agreement with State-owned utility Jiro sy Rano Malagasy has been amended to allow the utility up to 25 MW offtake from the project – the previous agreement was for 10 MW.
A draft bankable feasibility study (BFS) for the project was submitted in June by Lemur's technical development partner Sinohydro and is now being reviewed by an independent consultant.
There is currently ongoing engagement with lenders for the construction phase of the project.
Bushveld has received expressions of interest for finance and political risk insurance from two financial institutions.
Once the review is completed and the BFS is finalised, it will provide a more accurate view of project construction costs and associated timelines, which will tie back to the funding discussions with lenders.
The BFS will also assist Lemur to progress the engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) discussions. Funding discussions and the negotiation of the EPC contract will be among the key focus areas for the project in the second half of this year.
Overall, the project will support the regional economy, by creating 1 650 direct jobs, some of which have already been filled. However, the majority of jobs will start during the construction phase, which will start in the next one to two years.
"Power from the Imaloto power project is a viable alternative to existing expensive diesel generation in the region as it will be based on locally produced low-cost exportable coal, combined with clean coal technology that will in turn create demand for abundant unexploited reserves of limestone from the Toliara region.”
“The baseload energy generated by Imaloto is expected to significantly change the economics of mining projects, in the southwest of Madagascar, that were previously deemed as unfeasible," Mojapelo remarked.
COLUMBIA, Mo. - More than 3 million people in the United States are estimated to have an autism spectrum disorder diagnosis and annual diagnosis rates continue to rise. Researchers from the University of Missouri have found when teenagers and young adults with autism enter adulthood and age out of many of the services designed to help them, they often are anxious about how to handle new adult responsibilities such as paying bills and filing taxes. These findings highlight the importance of incorporating financial management into early education to empower young adults with autism.
Nancy Cheak-Zamora, assistant professor in the School of Health Professions, led a research team that conducted interviews with individuals with autism between 16 and 25 years old. Through the interviews, the researchers identified common themes regarding adulthood and financial skills.
"Most of the participants saw a definite association between adulthood and handling money," Cheak-Zamora said. "Participants agreed that independence required managing finances and all expressed frustration in their own abilities when it came to knowing how to handle and use money. According to the participants, the lack of financial skills has serious consequences on their ability to assume adult responsibilities."
This new research highlights the importance of implementing financial management programs early and tailoring them to the specific needs of people on the autism spectrum. Researchers suggest that financial management and literacy need to become an integral part of social services and education.
"Despite the importance of financial autonomy and the increased independence that comes from understanding money, financial management and decision-making often are seen as outside the purview of professionals working with young people with autism," said Clark Peters, co-author of the study and associate professor in the MU School of Social Work. "Educational programs that include financial literacy in both schools and independent living programs could increase autonomy and quality of life for people with autism."
Cheak-Zamora and Peters suggest that parents and caregivers can help by providing skills and encouragement. They say helping children with autism pay for items at a store and setting up bank accounts can provide the confidence needed to understand financial matters. They also suggest that financial institutions should play a role in helping customers with special needs, such as providing dedicated phone lines to assist consumers.
"Financial capabilities among youth with autism spectrum disorder," recently was published in the Journal of Child and Family Studies. Michelle Teti, associate professor of health sciences, and Anna Maurer-Batjer, a graduate student in the School of Social Work also co-authored the study. Research was supported by the U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs through the Autism Research Program. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the funding agencies.
###
Fox's Brooklyn Nine-Nine returned to Sunday nights with 1.9 million total viewers and a 0.9 demo rating, ticking up from its winter finale to deliver its second-largest audience of the season while marking a 14-1/2 month high in the demo.
B99 however was down sharply from time slot predecessor Ghosted's season-to-date average (2.9 mil/1.2).
Elsewhere on Fox, Bob's Burgers (1.7 mil/0.7), The Simpsons (2.1 mil/0.8), Family Guy (2.3 mil/1.0) and Last Man on Earth (1.6 mil/0.7) all tied or hit season lows in the demo.
Elsewhere….
ABC | AFH (5.3 mil/0.8) dropped, but American Idol (7.7 mil/1.8) matched last Monday's demo number (8.4 mil/1.8). But with Idol down week-to-week, Deception (4.2 mil/0.9) fell a good 25 percent from its launch.
CBS | Pending adjustment due to NCAA delays, Instinct premiered to 8.8 million total viewers and a 1.0 demo rating, improving on both Wisdom of the Crowd's first-year student average (7 mil/0.9) and finale (5.8 mil/0.7). NCIS: LA (8 mil/0.9) and Madam Secretary (5.8 mil/0.6) were steady.
NBC | Little Big Shots‘ season opener (7.5 mil/1.1) was on par with its sophomore finale. Leading out of that, Genius Junior retained 5.1 mil/1.0, while Timeless (2.9 mil/0.7) dipped a bit from its season premiere.
Want scoop on any of the above shows? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme has apologized for kicking a female photographer during a concert, sending them to the hospital for treatment.
The incident occurred at Los Angeles radio station KROQ's Acoustic Christmas on Saturday. In a video that the photographer for Shutterstock, Chelsea Lauren, posted on Instagram, Homme can be seen kicking their camera as they cross the stage while playing.
“Thanks to Josh Homme @queensofthestoneage I now get to spend my night in the ER,” Lauren captioned the footage. “Seriously, WHO DOES THAT?!?”
The photographer told Variety that the act was “obviously very intentional,” saying that the44-year-old musician was even smiling before the unprovoked attack.
“Josh was coming over and I was pretty excited, I've never actually photographed Queens Of The Stone Age before, I was really looking forward to it,” they told the outlet. “I saw them coming over and I was shooting away. The next thing I know their foot connects with my camera and my camera connects with my face, really hard. They looked straight at me, swung their leg back pretty hard and full-blown kicked me in the face.”
Lauren added, “He continued performing, I was startled, I kind of stopped looking at him, I just got down and was holding my face because it hurt so badly.”
Thanks to Josh Homme @queensofthestoneage I now get to spend my night in the ER. Seriously, WHO DOES THAT?!? #joshhomme #queensofthestoneage #qotsa #qotsafamily #concertphotography #musicphotographer A post shared by Chelsea Lauren (@chelsealaurenla) on Dec 9, 2017 at 11:38pm PST
Though they also photographed Thirty Seconds To Mars and Muse that night, they ultimately headed to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center for treatment of their injury. They later posted on Instagram that they had a sore neck and a bruised eyebrow along with feeling nauseous after returning home.
Lauren claims several people, including a social worker from the hospital who viewed the video, encouraged them to file a police report, which they have said they intend to do.
“I feel like if I don't do anything, they get to kick people in the face and not get in trouble because he's a musician,” they said. “That's not right.”
Homme took to the band's social media pages with a video message apologizing for their actions.
“I don't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did. I was a total d—,” they said into the camera. “I'm truly sorry and I hope you're okay.”
The rocker continued, “I've made a lot of mistakes in my life and last night was definitely one of them, and I apologize for that to you. I want to be a good man but I think last night I definitely failed at that.”
In an earlier written statement, Homme said they were “lost in performance” when they kicked Lauren's camera.
Homme reportedly exhibited other unusual behavior during the show. According to Lauren, they cut their own forehead with a knife.
At Sunday night's Acoustic Christmas, headliners The Killers brought photographer Rob Loud onto the stage. When Loud initially demurred, singer Brandon Flowers promised, “I'm not going to kick you in the face.” Flowers said, “I just want to tell you to tell all of your friends that you're welcome here, and at any Killers concert, you're safe and you're respected,” before they embraced.
Flowers dedicated the next song after that to all the photographer, saying, “They make us look good! We need to take care of these people.”
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
YouTube will now display notices below videos uploaded by state-funded or public-funded news broadcasters, YouTube News senior product manager Geoff Samek said in an official blog post on Friday.
The new rules introduced by the US-based video internet giant are likely to affect clips from media outlets such as RT and Sputnik. However, the new flagging policy may also be applied to other state-chartered news broadcasters such as the BBC, NHK, Voice of America and other well-known state-run media agencies.
"Our goal is to equip users with additional information to help them better understand the sources of news content that they choose to watch on YouTube," Samek said, stressing that "News is an important vertical for us and we want to be sure to get it right."
The official post includes an illustration of how it will eventually look like. A screen shot with a disclaimer: "RFA is funded in whole or in part by the American government" shows how the new policy will be applied.
© Youtube YouTube labels state-sponsored news
The flagging displayed under state-sponsored videos would likely also include links to Wikipedia, so that YouTube users could learn more about the agencies and broadcasters behind the posted clips, Samek said.
However, Samek also pointed out that the new feature is nascent and will be updated in near future based on the responses from active YouTube users.
Meanwhile, Chief Executive of YouTube Susan Wojcicki stated in an online post that this year's priorities include better enforcing rules of the popular video service.
"The same creativity and unpredictability that makes YouTube so rewarding can also lead to unfortunate events where we need to take a clear, informed, and principled stance," Wojcicki said, adding that "We realize we have a serious social responsibility to get these emerging policy issues right."
© REUTERS/ Mike Blake Google Found No YouTube Policy Violation by RT, State Media in Russia Probe
Thus, the number of YouTube employees whose tasks would be mainly monitoring for any violations of the uploaded content is to increase to more than 10,000, media reports say.
"We're also currently developing policies that would lead to consequences if a creator does something egregious that causes significant harm to our community as a whole," Wojcicki said.
Twitter, Google and Facebook have faced increased pressure from US lawmakers to be more transparent about advertisements, content and users on their platforms, after Congress and the US intelligence community accused Russia of using social networks to influence the outcome of the 2016 US presidential election.
Moscow has repeatedly said that Russia did not interfere in any foreign states' domestic affairs, noting such moves were against the principles of Russia's foreign policy and saying that the US allegations of meddling were unfounded.
FILE PHOTO -- David Einhorn, president of Greenlight Capital speaks at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York City, U.S. May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's unusual plan to divide General Motors Co's (GM.N) shares into two classes poses a potential corporate governance minefield for GM board members.
The shareholder proposal, quickly rejected by the company this week, is aimed at boosting a lagging stock price, but did not appear to catch fire with other existing or prospective shareholders, who see it as an odd mix of hybrid security schemes.
The plan would create one class of stock for investors keen to capture GM's juicy dividend, and a second for those eager to bet on its growth potential.
Einhorn, who runs New York-based Greenlight Capital, has pledged to fight for it at the company's annual meeting and plans to nominate a slate of directors ready to advance their idea.
One obstacle cited by legal and financial advisers is the probable conflict it presents for GM's directors, who under Delaware law are required to be loyal to all shareholders. That could get tricky under Einhorn's plan as directors would oversee two classes of stock that each have voting powers but competing ambitions for use of company capital.
For instance, directors would have to square voting to raise quarterly payouts, which would exclusively benefit the dividend stockholders, versus allocating more towards capital expenditures or stock repurchases, which would benefit the growth stock camp.
"It puts the board in an odd position," said Charles Elson, a University of Delaware corporate governance professor who also sits on the board of restaurant chain Bob Evans Farms Inc (BOBE.O). "Do you plow money back into the business, or buy back the stock? You end up penalizing at least one of the stockholders. It gets messy."
Dividend holders would get one-tenth of a vote under the Einhorn plan, while the so-called "capital appreciation" owners would have a full share.
While all public company boards encounter tension when evaluating short- and long-term goals, "separating out dividend-paying shares makes those tensions explicit, pitting actually different stockholders against each other," Delaware Law School professor Larry Hamermesh said.
Hamermesh added that such a structure could become more troublesome in terms of conflicts if the board's stock holdings were concentrated more in one class of stock.
DIVIDENDS VS. GROWTH
Investors - even some GM holders frustrated by its persistent underperformance since its shares returned to public markets in 2010 after a wrenching reorganization in bankruptcy - were not immediately lining up in support of Einhorn's idea.
"I agree completely that the stock is undervalued, but I'm not sure that splitting it into two classes is going to drive it any higher," said Scott Moore, co-portfolio manager of the Buffalo Dividend Focus fund, who owns shares of GM.
Moore said they don't want to have to choose between dividend income and stock price appreciation. They want both.
So far, GM shares have not seen a big response to the Einhorn proposal. The stock gained about 2.5 percent on Tuesday after it was made public but ended little changed on Wednesday.
Mark Freeman, chief investment officer of Westwood Holdings Group, who does not own GM, said they would not buy a dividend-focused share class that was not a preferred stock. Preferreds stand between common shares and debt in a company capital structure and offer a greater likelihood that investors will have a claim on assets in the event of a bankruptcy.
Einhorn's plan has flavours of several existing hybrid equity security types, such as tracking stocks, perpetual preferred shares and master limited partnerships, but does not exactly replicate any of them.
To some degree, it harkens back to independent share trusts called "primes" and "scores," equity derivative securities that were popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
As under the Einhorn plan, investors interested in the stability provided by dividends could own a company's prime trusts, while those willing to take on more risk and bet on its growth could buy the scores.
The key difference, however, was that the trusts were established by shareholders, not the companies issuing the underlying stock. Companies themselves had no involvement at all, and their shares were not formally divided into two classes as Einhorn's proposal provides.
The trusts phased out in the early 90s following a disadvantageous change in tax rules.
GM itself has had multiple share structures in the past.
In the mid-1980s, the automaker made two splashy diversification moves, acquiring Electronic Data Systems Corp, a pioneering computer services company founded by future presidential candidate H. Ross Perot, and later Hughes Aircraft, the defence and satellite company founded by billionaire Howard Hughes.
GM then set up tracking stocks for each of the units. GM Class E shares, for EDS, and GM Class H shares, for Hughes, gave holders a dividend based on the profits of each operation, but no ownership stake.
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty and David Randall; Editing by Dan Burns and Nick Zieminski)
A search for a missing man, who fled from police more than a month ago after a high-speed car chase on South Australia's Eyre Peninsula, has continued.
About 50 local police, mounted officers and volunteers scoured an area of remote scrub west of Whyalla on Thursday in the hunt for Scott Redman.
Police believe the 19-year-old was in a car that was involved in a pursuit on the Eyre Highway near Kimba on April 21.
The pursuit was terminated due to safety concerns, with the black station wagon found on a dirt road 40km east of Kimba four days later.
Inspector Mark Hubbard said the terrain was challenging, with heavy bush in some patches, but police were preparing to cover up to 10 square kilometres.
"We have carefully searched a couple of key areas again, such as where the car was found and expanded out from there," they said.
Police believe Mr Redman told friends and family they intended to travel to Western Australia but there's no clear information on their location and fears are growing for their wellbeing.
Moy Tir na nOg (Tyrone) 1-10 Michael Glaveys (Roscommon) 0-7
Tyrone football icon Sean Cavanagh capped a thrilling career with an AIB All-Ireland intermediate club medal.
The 2008 Footballer of the Year retired from Tyrone after last year's championship defeat to Dublin and thought he'd seen the last of Croke Park. But the three-time All-Ireland senior medallist enjoyed one last emotional outing there as the Moy matched the feat of fellow Tyrone outfit Cookstown in 2013.
They were massive underdogs just to reach the intermediate final but shocked An Ghaeltacht of Kerry in the semi-finals and were always in control here. Roscommon outfit Michael Glaveys finished strong, reeling off four points in a row between the 49th and 58th minutes.
But they'd left themselves too much to do having fallen eight points down at the three-quarter mark and the Moy finished strong anyhow with the game's last two points.
Cavanagh scored the very last of those, bringing their takings to 0-5 for the day, all from frees.
Michael Glaveys were down to 14 men at that stage after Caoileann Fitzmaurice's 44th minute straight red card for a striking offence.
Colm Cavanagh played the same sweeper role that he's perfected with Tyrone and nailed it again, gaining the Man of the Match award.
The Moy were helped by an early goal from Tom Loughran that arrived after just 27 seconds when they pounced on a long ball in from Harry Loughran.
Ryan Coleman and Harry Loughran added points to open up a 1-2 to 0-0 lead and the Moy were in full control from there.
They hit the interval with a 1-5 to 0-1 lead thanks in part to back-to-back Sean Cavanagh frees and stretched the gap to eight mid-way through the second-half.
Michael Glaveys enjoyed their strongest spell late on when they kicked those four points, all converted frees by Andrew Glennon, but never looked like rescuing a result.
Moy Tir na nOg: N Brady; P Mackle, T McNicholl, T Conlon; A Currie, M Gribbin, N Conlon; C Cavanagh, E Deeney (0-1, 0-1 45); D Conroy, E Rafferty, T Loughran (1-0); R Coleman (0-2), S Cavanagh (0-5, 0-5f), H Loughran (0-1). Subs: Conall Duffy (0-1) for Conroy (52 mins), A Donaghy for Rafferty (60), D McKeown for Currie (59), K McQuade for Coleman (61), K Kavanagh for Deeney (62), R O'Neill for Conlon (64).
Michael Glaveys: D O'Malley; T Murphy, L Cregg, D Frayne; G Patterson, N Morris, C Hussey; C Fitzmaurice, J Finan; S O'Malley, S Comer (0-1), D Ruane; C Heneghan, A Glennon (0-6, 0-4f), S Burke. Subs: T Murphy for Heneghan (20 mins), J Brennan for Ruane (h/t), S Markham for Cregg (62).
Referee: B Cawley (Kildare).
Transparency Market Research predicts that the demand for organic buns is likely to be on the rise in the coming years. Organic buns are essentially made of organically grown ingredients. The specialty of these ingredients is that no kind of chemical pesticides, herbicides, or other agents are used by growing them. Thus, they are devoid of any exposure to chemicals, which makes them far healthier than the regularly grown ingredients. The wave of health and fitness gripping the world has been driving the demand for organic produce that has less harmful effect.
The research report discusses the myriad drivers and restraints present in the global organic buns market. It segments the global market to offer its readers a detailed view of the overall market. The comparative regional analysis provides an insightful take on the reasons that are likely to drive the organic buns in certain parts of the world, while the others will still catch up during the forecast period of 2018 and 2028. Analysts have also used SWOT analysis to help the readers understand the ever-changing nature of the market dynamics in the global organic buns market.
Request For Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43862
Global Organic Buns: Key Trends and Opportunities
Wheat has been a part of our diet for eons. As an indispensable part of our meal it offers the right amount of nutrition and energy. However, the changing perspective of consumers on what they eat is playing a big role in determining the demand for wheat that is grown organically. As an essential ingredient for baking organic buns, the demand of organic wheat has a direct role to play in the market dynamics. Though the market is in its nascent phase, analysts predict that the demand for organic buns will witness a steady rise a priorities shift toward making healthier living choices.
Yet another driver for the consistently growing demand for organic buns is the growing realization of benefits of organic farming. Growing crops in an organic manner is beneficial for the environment as it eliminates the usage of chemicals on the soil. Thus, it retains the fertility of the soil and safeguards the surroundings from the other potential hazards of chemical fertilizers. Thus, the demand for organic buns is also likely to rise as consumers realize the overall benefit.
Introduction of a wide range of organic bun flavors such as cinnamon, raisin, chocolate, and oats amongst others are also projected to supplement market growth. Furthermore, production of organic buns for a wide range recipes such as hot dogs, hamburgers, sandwiches, and rolls amongst others are also luring in many customers.
Global Organic Buns Market: Regional Outlook
On the basis of geography, the global organic buns market could be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. Out of these, Europe and North America is projected to the global market are the consumption of bread is high in these regions. Furthermore, the growing awareness about organic dietary habits in these regions is expected to keep them at the forefront. Presently, organic food items are expensive than their counterparts. Thus, the demand for organic buns in the cost-sensitive parts of the world will remain sluggish. However, consumption of bread, growing number of bakeries, and availability of breads in emerging economies of Asia Pacific are gradually expected to open up many opportunities for the regional market.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/organic-buns-market.html
Global Organic Buns Market: Competitive Landscape
The research report has profiled the key players operating in the global organic buns market. It sheds light on the financial outlook of these companies, their plans of product innovation, initiatives to enter new markets, and research and development strategies. The research report also ascertains the nature of competition in the global organic buns market and evaluates its trajectory for the forecast period.
A study conducted by the Rockefeller Institute of Government shows mass shooters choose handguns over “assault weapons” by a 3 to 1 margin.
This finding runs counter to the Democrats' incessant claim that “assault weapons” are mass shooters' “weapon of choice.”
Rockefeller IG examined a 50 year window of time, 1966-2016, during which they determined a total of 340 mass shootings occurred in the U.S. They found that attackers used a single weapon roughly 2/3 of the time and used multiple weapons 32.9% of the time.
They discovered that handguns were far and away the number one choice for mass shooters. Handguns were used 75.6% of the time, rifles 28.5% of the time, and shotguns 17.1% of the time. (The total percentage of these numbers exceeds 100 because of instances where more than one weapon was used.)
In light of their finding, the researchers urged policymakers to move beyond “emotion” and “knee-jerk reactions” to mass shootings. They observed, “Although common public perceptions of mass shootings include use of assault rifles, more than three-quarters of mass shootings actually involve handguns. Therefore, it is incumbent to find evidence-based solutions to this growing problem.”
Ironically, Rockefeller IG also found that “the average age of a mass shooter is 33.4 years.” When broken down by specific ages, the overwhelming majority of mass shooters were 20 years and older. This does not bode well for those who claim raising the minimum age for rifle purchases would reduce mass shootings.
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News.  They are the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) – Police say more than a dozen protesters have been arrested after refusing to leave the rotunda of the Michigan Capitol.
Michigan State Police say in a statement about 125 people were on the floor off the Capitol rotunda Tuesday afternoon and were required to leave the building when it closed at 5 p.m. Police say 19 refused and were arrested for trespassing.
The protest was part of the “Michigan Poor People's Campaign: A National Call for Moral Revival.” On Tuesday, protesters sought to raise interest in issues related to war, militarism and national priorities. Police say those arrested were given appearance citations, so they weren't jailed.
The same group protested May 21 at the Grand Tower building in Lansing, where 16 arrests were made. Weekly protests are planned through mid-June.
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
"They were a big test and we wanted to see how we'd do against them," said McEneny. "We knew it was going to be like a playoff atmosphere and we wanted it that way. Everyone came in excited and ready to go. Everyone was fired up for it."
Brandon Saigeon did all the damage for the visitors. Theirs first put the 'Dogs up 1-0 about nine minutes into the game while their next two helped Hamilton tie things up in the second and third period.
Kitchener also got goals from Kole Sherwood, Logan Stanley and Garreffa while goalie Mario Culina turned aside 42 shots to remain perfect with the Rangers at 7-0.
Centre Logan Brown picked up four helpers and now has at least three points in every game since coming to Kitchener in a trade with the Windsor Spitfires.
McKee slotted Garreffa, a natural forward, on the blue line to shake things up.
"Joe was going a bit cold up front," said McKee. "He's a guy that we need to light a spark under to get them going."
The move worked as the third year player potted their eighth of the season to end a 14-game scoring slump dating back to Dec. 28.
"It wasn't the greatest goal," said Garreffa. "I went off a defenceman's skate."
But it proved instrumental in the tight contest against the Canadian Hockey League's seventh ranked club.
"We want to show that we're a top dog," said Garreffa, whose Rangers have now won seven consecutive games. "The boys are finding our game. I think we have more to give. I think as a team we can take it to another level and it will be scary for other teams if we do."
Kitchener centre Greg Meireles continues to sit with a lower body injury while defencemen Jack York, Kyle Gentles and Alex Peterson were healthy scratches Friday.
Hamilton forward Robert Thomas was also out after receiving a five-game suspension for slashing Peterborough's Zach Gallant Thursday while winger MacKenzie Entwistle was sidelined with an upper body injury.
The Rangers are off to Owen Sound to face the Attack Saturday at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre at 7:30 p.m. Kitchener is 4-2-1-0 against the Attack this season.
Kitchener 4, Hamilton 3
First period
1. Hamilton, Saigeon 28 (Caamano, Hanley) 8:50
2. Kitchener, Sherwood 21 (Brown, Smith) 15:07
Penalties: Lemcke, Ham (interference) 11:04, Smith, Kit (slashing) 12:54, Nurse, Ham (holding) 15:30
Second period
3. Kitchener, Stanley 13 (Brown, Vallati) 10:49
4. Hamilton, Saigeon 29 (Studenic) 13:49
5. Kitchener, Garreffa, (Mascherin, Brown) 16:03 (pp)
Penalties: Stanley, Kit (unsportsmanlike conduct), Lemcke, Ham (unsportsmanlike conduct) 5:58, Mutter, Ham (tripping) 14:30, Stillman, Ham (high sticking) 18:29
Third period
6. Hamilton, Saigeon 30 (Studenic, Landry) 13:19
7. Kitchener, McEneny 5 (Brown, Mascherin) 13:47
Penalties: Mascherin, Kit (tripping) 15:04
Goalies: Culina, Kit (8-5-2-0), Fulcher, Ham (25-10-3-2)
Shots on goal
Kit: 11-15-4=30
Ham: 14-17-13=45
Referees: Brent Coulombe, Mike Hamilton
Linesmen: Brady Fagan, Justin Tang
Attendance: 7,116
New Delhi (Sputnik)- To meet the shortage of Fighter Jets in Indian Air Force, Narendra Modi led government has approved $203 million for another production line of its light combat aircraft Tejas. India needs to increase its domestic production capacity to at-least 16 fighters per year which is currently as low as eight fighters per year. India needs 300-400 more fighter jets of different types over the next decade. "We are fully committed to the LCA. In another three months, work on the second line will start," Manohar Parrikar, India's Minister of Defense told reporters on the sidelines of India's biggest air show, where the home-grown fighter was showcased.
Government owned Hindustan Aeronautics limited had already set up second production line for series production of Tejas in December 2016 at Aircraft division in Bengaluru. Sources told Sputnik that HAL engineers are integrating Tejas SP-5 at second production line. HAL will set up third production line at Nekkundi in areas of 30,000 sq meters.
India expects to produce 16 Tejas aircraft per year from 2019-20. New Delhi is also trying to export Tejas to cost-conscious countries in Asia which are already shown interest.
India had symbolically formed the first squadron of Tejas in July last year with two aircraft. India may receive the prototype of the most advanced version of indigenously developed Tejas in 2019 a decade after the project was sanctioned at a cost of $370 million in year 2009. The Indian Air Force had to accept a stepped-down version of Tejas due to the delay in getting the MK2 project off the ground.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
AN attempt to issue a warrant at Texas hardware store has gone horribly wrong, with two police and a security officer being shot.
Dallas police say they know the identity of the suspect who pulled a gun at the Home Depot in Northeast Dallas. Both officers are reported to be in a critical condition. One is believed to be in their twenties.
The condition of the security officer is unknown.
The suspect is described as a Latin male, wearing a white shirt and blue-jean shorts.
Special weapons (SWAT) teams are searching a creek and reserve near the hardware store.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
A new attraction is officially under construction in Waveland. Friday, the mayor and other officials broke ground on a new lighthouse on the beach at the south end of Coleman Avenue.
National Security Adviser John Bolton's new pick to be the National Security Council chief of staff has served for the last five years as the Senior Vice President for Policy and Programs at the Frank Gaffney-founded Center for Security Policy, a Southern Poverty Law Center-designated hate group that espouses anti-Muslim conspiracy theories.
Gaffney and the group have for years promoted anti-Muslim beliefs, including accusing government officials of being aligned with the Muslim Brotherhood.
The Center for Security Policy's website features a congratulatory post published Tuesday, confirming Fred Fleitz's tenure.
“Center for Security Policy alumnus Fred Fleitz has been named Executive Secretary and Chief of Staff of the National Security Council under John Bolton,” it reads. “Fleitz served as the Center's Senior Vice President for Policy and Programs from 2013-2018.”
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, the group was founded Gaffney, a former Reagan official, in 1988 and has morphed from a “hawkish think tank” to a “conspiracy-oriented mouthpiece for the growing anti-Muslim movement in the United States.” CSP has also reportedly been banned from CPAC.
Per a Tuesday Bloomberg report, Fleitz worked as Bolton's chief of staff while they were an undersecretary of state for former President George W. Bush.
Fleitz is also a former CIA analyst and frequent guest on Fox News.
The New England Patriots weren't too active in the 2017 NFL Draft, as they had just four picks under their belt.
The Patriots have seven picks heading into the 2018 NFL Draft, including four in the first two rounds -- Nos. 23 and 31 in the first round and Nos. 43 and 63 in the second.
New England has depth in this draft in large part after sending wide receiver Brandin Cooks and a 2018 fourth-round draft pick (No. 136 overall) to the Los Angeles Rams last month. The Patriots received the 23rd overall selection in the first round of this year's draft and a sixth-round draft pick (No. 198).
With respect to the sheer number of picks, the Boston Globe reported that the Patriots are in position to trade up as high as into the top 10 of the draft, which begins Thursday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. The reasoning for such a move could be to select one of the top-tier quarterbacks as a potential replacement for Tom Brady in the future.
Brady, who will turn 41 in August, received NFL MVP honors for the third time in their career last season, although the lure of spending more time with family is there, sources told ESPN.
NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC quarterback Sam Darnold first and UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen second in their most recent Big Board. Wyoming quarterback Josh Allen is ranked 10th by Rang, former Heisman Trophy winner Baker Mayfield of Oklahoma is 14th and Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson is 15th.
The Cleveland Browns are expected to select a quarterback with either the top overall pick or fourth overall pick. The New York Giants (second), New York Jets (third), Miami Dolphins (11th) and Buffalo Bills (12th) are also likely to take a quarterback.
As for potential trading spots for New England, the Boston Globe located a pair in the top 10.
Denver Broncos general manager John Elway is on record as saying their team's fifth overall pick is open for trade. The Broncos landed quarterback Case Keenum in the offseason.
The Indianapolis Colts hold the sixth overall pick after trading down from No. 3 with the Jets. The Colts, however, might not be willing to deal with the Patriots after being spurned by Josh McDaniels during the offseason for the team's then-vacant head coaching position.
The Patriots hosted Jackson nearly two weeks ago and the brass was "intrigued and impressed," NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported on Monday.
Jackson, who is the 2016 Heisman Trophy winner, passed for more than 3,500 yards and ran for more than 1,500 in each of the final two college seasons before declaring early for the NFL Draft. They were measured at 6-foot-2 and 216 pounds at the Combine.
Brian Hoyer remains the only other quarterback on the Patriots' roster heading into the draft. Hoyer signed a three-year deal the team after the trade deadline last season.
The last two quarterbacks the Patriots drafted -- Jacoby Brissett (2016, third round) and Jimmy Garoppolo (2014, second round) -- were traded away last season to the Colts and San Francisco 49ers, respectively.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Carolina Panthers have picked up the fifth-year option on linebacker Shaq Thompson.
Carolina announced the move on Tuesday.
Thompson, 24, is now under contract through 2019. The three-year veteran was the No. 25 overall pick in the 2015 NFL Draft out of the University of Washington. Thompson had 75 combined tackles, six quarterback pressures, two sacks, one pass defensed and a forced fumble in 14 starts last season for the Panthers.
The outside linebacker had 54 tackles, five passes defensed, two fumble recoveries, an interception and a touchdown in 14 games during the 2016 season, when they made 12 starts.
Thompson has totaled 159 tackles and three sacks in 42 games in their three NFL seasons. The Panthers have a reputation for one of the best linebacker groups in the game, which also includes Luke Kuechly and Thomas Davis.
Davis begins the season on a four-game suspension after violating the league's policy on performance-enhancing drugs.
The Panthers' offseason workout schedule began on April 16. Mandatory minicamp is from June 12 to June 14.
Accidents happen. Some of us are clumsier than others but, really, nobody's perfect. So, it's worth taking precautions to avoid cracking the screen on your beloved mobile phone. Here's a short list of things to note.
First, water is not your friend. If you're going swimming, your phone doesn't want to come along. True, some of the latest phones such as the iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and Sony Xperia XZ are powerfully water-resistant. They can survive a quick dunking, but why risk it?
Every phone where water resistance is attributed has an ingress protection rating to measure how good it is against both dust and water. For the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, this is IP68. The first digit indicates dust resistance and 6 is the highest rating, meaning it offers complete protection from dust in an eight-hour test.
The second figure is for water resistance and 8 is also the highest notch. It means the phone can be underwater for up to 30 minutes at a depth of 1.5 metres (5 feet). Drop it in the deep end and it may not survive.
That's even more true of the iPhone which has a rating of IP67, which is only tested to a depth of 1 metre (3 feet). In short: keep your phone away from the pool, sea or bath tub.
Of course, the most vulnerable part of any phone is the glass. The metal frame can take a ding or two and survive but once the screen is cracked, it can only get worse. Mobiles with glass backs as well as fronts – increasingly popular because they make wireless charging a possibility – are even more vulnerable.
The latest phones use stronger glass than ever, often Gorilla Glass from Corning. The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge has Gorilla Glass 4 on its back and front. Each version of Gorilla Glass is an improvement, with number 4 promising increased damage resistance over its predecessor. It can also be made thinner but still match the performance of Gorilla Glass 3. Even with these improvements, it's worth investing in additional protection.
There are plenty of screen protectors available which keep the display clean as well as better insulated from damage. Some can absorb the impact from even sharp objects.
There's another benefit here: when you are ready to upgrade you'll have a phone you can sell with a pristine glass front.
Similarly, a case that protects the edges of the phone will mean your phone is much safer. That's worth it, even if it's only an edge-covering bumper, but something that wraps around the back as well provides valuable shock absorption. Even a basic leather case can mean the difference between disaster and getting away with it if you drop your phone on the sidewalk.
Best for impact protection are cases that exceed the military specification for drop testing (that's MIL-STD 810G-516.6, if you're interested in the exact standard).
Some cases include a material called D3O. This is what the scientists call a non-Newtonian fluid (that is, it doesn't fit Newton's laws of physics). In practice, this just means it's a malleable, squashy material most of the time but when you hit it hard, the molecules lock together to form a hard surface which dissipates the shock and protects the phone inside. It's a remarkable material and works brilliantly. Best of all, a little D3O goes a long way, so cases with it in are pretty thin.
Also, don't keep your valuable smartphone in your back pocket. Not only does it leave a frankly unsightly bump on your rump, it's going to slip out of your pocket sooner or later, guaranteed.
One more thing: if the worst does happen and you find your phone screen is nothing but a shower of shards, turn to someone who can put things right in an instant. iCracked offers top technicians ready to come to your office, home or favorite coffee shop to repair it quickly and reliably. And they won't even scold you when you say you didn't have a case for it…
So, what did we learn today? Protect your phone, invest in a durable case, but if that all fails, iCracked.com has you covered and will travel to you same-day and repair on the spot in 45 minutes or less.
PARIS, April 10 Luxury goods group LVMH posted a surge in first quarter sales on Monday that beat consensus forecasts, although the French company cautioned that its business environment remained uncertain.
Sales rose to 9.88 billion euros ($10.5 billion), up 15 percent year-on-year. According to a consensus compiled for Reuters by Inquiry Financial, the mean forecast for first quarter sales stood at 9.55 billion euros.
LVMH said it had witnessed solid growth across its main markets in Asia, Europe and the United States but added that "the trend currently observed cannot reasonably be extrapolated for the full year".
In January, LVMH reported record revenues and profits for 2016 but sounded a note of caution for 2017, given geopolitical uncertainties ranging from the impact of Britain's decision to leave the European Union to the new U.S. administration of President Donald Trump.
($1 = 0.9432 euros) (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Sarah White)
Democratic National Committee chairperson Tom Perez issued a bleak message for the Fourth of July, portraying the United States as a deeply troubled nation, and suggesting that President Donald Trump's policies are to blame.
“As we celebrate our nation's independence, we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families. Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need. Too many women, LGBTQ Americans, people of color, and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society,” the statement read.
“Everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack. Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border,” they added. Perez also attacked the Supreme Court: “At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against because of their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before.”
Perez concluded: “Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone.”
The Washington Examiner noted that Perez's statement came one day after they said that socialist candidates like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez were “the future of our party.”
Perez is notorious for using profanity when attacking the Trump administration and the Republican Party. Last July, for example, they declared that Republicans “don't give a shit about the people.”
President Donald Trump took a different view:
Happy Fourth of July….Our Country is doing GREAT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2018
The majority of Americans agree with the president, and disagree with the Democrats, according to a new Gallup poll that found 55% of U.S. adults believe the country's best days are ahead — up from 47% in 2012.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News.  They are a winner of the 2018 Robert Novak Journalism Alumni Fellowship.  They are also the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, which is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Photo: file
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year's Eve attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi (pictured).
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross”.
CARACAS/HOUSTON Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA on Wednesday confirmed reports of a crude spill from a pipeline connecting its main oil-exporting complex with a tanker loading facility, but said shipments have not been affected.
PDVSA said the spill occurred late on Tuesday due to a break in the line running from a crude terminal to a single buoy mooring (SBM) near the eastern Jose port.
"PDVSA on Tuesday activated a contingency plan to address a crude leak ... A temporary staple was installed in the pipeline to stop the leak," the company said in a statement.
It added it was expeditiously cleaning up the area.
Union sources and shippers had reported the leak on Tuesday evening, but its magnitude was still unknown. There were no vessels mooring at the SBM at the time of the incident, they said.
"Operations of production and shipment of crudes from the Hugo Chavez Orinoco Belt were not compromised and continue with absolute normality," PDVSA added in the statement.
The 36-inch-diameter line can carry up to 32,000 barrels per day of crude to the SBM facility, which is used by tankers to load oil for exports and also to discharge imports of products used to dilute Venezuela's extra heavy oil.
A growing number of tankers have accumulated around Jose in recent days after unplanned maintenance work halted shipping operations at one of its three docks. The work finished during the weekend.
Upgraded and diluted crude from Venezuela's main producing region, the Orinoco Belt, is shipped from the SBM facility.
The setback comes as PDVSA deals with a shortage of gasoline that generated queues at service stations in some cities in the country last week, also creating a backlog of tankers bringing imports and others waiting to load for exports.
Since then, the company has focused on restarting units to produce fuels at three of its refineries in Venezuela and the Caribbean: El Palito, Puerto la Cruz and Isla in Curacao.
PDVSA also launched tenders to import vacuum gasoil (VGO) cargoes to feed its deep conversion units, while buying cutter stock to produce fuel oil for exports, traders said on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Marianna Párraga in Houston, Alexandra Ulmer and Deisy Buitrago in Caracas and Mircely Guanipa in Punto Fijo, Venezuela; Editing by W Simon)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
TIM REYNOLDS
AP Basketball Writer
MIAMI (AP) — When Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy was told pregame how many Miami players were missing because of injuries, they immediately figured that their team would be tested.
They were right.
Fortunately for him, the Pistons responded.
Reggie Jackson scored 27 points, Andre Drummond finished with 25 points and 18 rebounds and the Pistons wore down the depleted Heat for a 107-98 victory Sunday night. Miami was without five players, all of whom have started this season — and had more than 70 percent of its payroll unable to play for a variety of reasons.
“When other guys get opportunities to have the ball in their hands, it's a dangerous thing,” Van Gundy said.
And it was, for a while. The Heat made their first eight shots and scored 66 points in the first half. But after that sizzling beginning, Miami shot 39 percent the rest of the way and managed only 32 points after halftime.
The Heat were without what could have been a starting lineup — Goran Dragic (back), Dion Waiters (groin), Justise Winslow (shoulder), Josh McRoberts (foot) and Hassan Whiteside (eye).
“They played better,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said, after their team dropped its fifth straight. “I think to be fair, we probably ran out of gas a little bit. Not as an excuse, but we were playing guys big minutes. … I told the guys there was nothing to be ashamed of in this game.”
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored 23 for Detroit. James Johnson scored 20 points and Wayne Ellington had 18 for Miami, which got 14 from Josh Richardson and led by as many as 14.
“We really woke up at halftime,” Drummond said. “We talked about it. We came out with great intensity.”
Miami scored 15 points in the third quarter and zero points in the first 5 minutes of the fourth. Detroit took command with a 27-8 run over a stretch of a little more than 8 minutes.
“I thought we played a lot harder in the second half,” Van Gundy said.
TIP-INS
Pistons: Marcus Morris returned after missing Friday's game in Atlanta with a sore left knee. … The Pistons committed five fouls in the first 1:45 of the second quarter, but the Heat only got one trip to the line while in the bonus. … Detroit lost Aron Baynes to a sprained left ankle in the fourth quarter.
Heat: Whiteside was the only Miami player to been in every game this season. Miami has now used 14 different starting lineups in the last 29 games. … Miami plans to have its injured players, except McRoberts, travel with them when they leave on Monday for a six-game trip that starts in Phoenix on Tuesday. … Dragic, Winslow and Whiteside could all be back as early as Tuesday.
PAIR OF FIRSTS
A pair of streaks ended in this game. Miami was 6-0 all-time on New Year's Day. And Detroit was 0-17 this season when trailing at the half; the Pistons were down 66-58 at the break Sunday.
UDONIS AND UDRIH
The only current players in the NBA with names that start with “Ud” — Miami's Udonis Haslem and Detroit's Beno Udrih, a former Heat guard — chatted for a few minutes at midcourt before the game. Haslem logged a season-high 21 minutes for the short-handed Heat. Udrih didn't play.
SPO AND STAN
Even as both endure rough seasons, Spoelstra and Van Gundy remain among the NBA's winningnest active coaches. Among coaches with at least 500 games, San Antonio's Gregg Popovich is No. 1 in winning percentage, Washington's Scott Brooks is No. 2 — followed by Spoelstra and Van Gundy.
UP NEXT
Pistons: Host Indiana on Tuesday, opening a quick two-game homestand.
Heat: Visit Phoenix on Tuesday. The Heat don't play at home again until Jan. 17.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GARATH SOUTGATE SAID they were not ready to leave the World Cup after England triumphed 4-3 in a shoot-out against Colombia to move into the quarter-finals.
After a 1-1 draw in Moscow, Jordan Henderson saw their spot-kick saved by David Ospina, but England came from behind thanks to misses from Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca.
Sweden now await in the last eight of the World Cup and Southgate believes a first World Cup shoot-out win for England will give their side an important boost.
“It's something they can look back on and draw on as an experience,” Southgate told ITV.
“We've talked about creating our own stories, our own history. They've done a little bit of that tonight, we go to a quarter-final, but I don't want to go home yet!
“I thought we played so well in the 90 minutes. We've shown incredible resilience to come back from huge disappointment at the final whistle.
“Huge credit to all of the players and every member of staff because so much effort has gone into winning the way we did tonight.”
Southgate has plenty of penalty history of their own, having missed from the spot as England lost in the semi-finals of Euro 96 to Germany.
But Jordan Pickford saved from Bacca and Eric Dier tucked home the winning kick to book the Three Lions a clash with Sweden in Samara on Saturday.
“We'd talked long and hard about owning the process. We kept calm, great credit to everyone for taking everything on board,” Southgate added of the shoot-out.
“We looked at individual technique, how we needed to be as a team, and the goalkeeper has been very important in that as well, of course it's a special moment, but I'm now thinking about Sweden. This was special, but I want us to go on now.
“Sweden is another team we have a poor record against. We've underestimated them for years, they're brilliant at what they do, know exactly how they play. It's going to be a real tough test.”
And of their own miss 22 years ago, the Three Lions boss added: “That will never be off my back. It is a moment that will live with me forever, sadly.”
“But today is a special moment for this team, and that hopefully will give belief to the generations of players that follow, because they can see what is possible.
“In life you can't be hindered by history or expectations. The young players are showing that, enjoying the tournament, and we are looking forward to preparing for the quarter-final.
“We've talked about the team making their own history and I think they've bought into everything we've tried to do with them.
“We've got to capitalise on that now. I'm already thinking about the next game, we'd have liked a week to enjoy it but we haven't got that, because Sweden are a team I respect hugely.
“That's a hugely difficult game for us. At the moment we're as high as a kite, having to recover.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
It seems that the deep freeze and the snowy weather, dubbed “Black Ice Monday,” in the UK might have ruined the former footballer's plans.
Michael Owen got themselves in trouble when they parked their Bentley under a tree to shelter it from the snow, thinking it was a good idea. In the morning they saw the tree on top of their car due to the weight of the snow-laden branches. Dangerous weather conditions caused disruption on roads and railways, thousands of airline passengers were trapped in various airports around the country after dozens of flights were canceled or delayed, and yet Owen still hoped to catch their train on time.
Not ideal at 5:30am when you've got a train to catch! Thought I was clever sheltering my car from the snow! 😂🙈 pic.twitter.com/9Oqz8UxiPR — michael owen (@themichaelowen) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Their tweet set social media alight, as many followers tried to cheer them up or advised them to invest in a garage:
It's Christmas! The snow lay deep and crisp and even and a Bentley under the tree. — Rob Marshall (@RobRdm) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Invest in a garage mate 😂 — ALAN MCALEES (@ALANMCALEES) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Would you hide under the Eiffel Tower to escape lightening too? — Adam Page (@Adam_Pageee) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Poor Michael Owen, even their car is injured — Mark Ellison (@What_Mark_Said) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Wouldn't mind 1 of those under my 🎄 — Paul gillen (@paul_gillen) 11 декабря 2017 г.
I bet for once you wish you were driving a Ford Focus. — Mark Murphy (@footballmurph) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Owen has reportedly made it to their train to London heading to work on coverage of the Champions League.
Following protests, a bank on Wednesday suspended an eviction order of a single parent family in Limassol, which reportedly owes around €80,000.
Representatives of the movement against foreclosures, single parent families, and politicians, gathered outside the house on Wednesday morning.
The bank was planning to put the property, reportedly worth over €300,000, up for sale.
Lawyer Christos Pountziouris questioned why the bank didn't sell land belonging to the deceased husband to collect the money and complained that the bank had charged excessive interest rates in recent months.
“We have repeatedly asked to address the problem of the eviction of single parent homes, without any response to date from the state. Note that most single parent families consist of women and children and most mortgage debts relate to loans by spouses for which the legislation does not provide any solution,” the Pancyprian Association of Single Parent Families and Friends commented.
The movement against foreclosures added that the move is totally unacceptable particularly as the widow and their family has a pension of €500 as their only source of survival.
The fitness trend has exploded in the last two years, with gym selfies, #fitspiration, clean eating debates and stylish workout clothes showing no sign of slowing down anytime soon. However, despite the global fascination with improving our bodies, new research shows that the way we exercise might not be providing the best results.
Natural Movement
Erwan Le Corre, a leading expert in historic fitness and founder of MovNat, pioneers a ‘natural movement' fitness approach. They say “There is nothing wrong with training in a specific discipline or working on an isolated part of your body in the gym, however adding natural movement into your weekly regime will bring with it a host of benefits.
In a nutshell, these benefits are totally in line with what our ancestors had: real-world physical competency and preparedness. Natural movement is based on the full-range of human, evolutionarily natural movement skills that work your entire body as one cohesive unit.
Indoor gyms are flat, linear and predictable; all the natural variables have been removed, making it completely unnatural. Plus, where is the fresh, clean air, the dirt, the natural light and the horizon? Many people are currently training in a box ignoring a whole world outside.”
The Benefits
The mental benefits from working out in the great outdoors come from having to properly engage with your environment; analysing terrain, assessing where to step or hold on to immediately makes you more mindful and can help you switch off without shutting down. Trail runners report that being in the outdoors improves their mental wellbeing, helping them shed negative emotions and work through problems in a non-judgemental environment.
The challenges of mixing up your gym routine and getting outdoors has massive physical benefits too. Looking at fitness from Le Corre's historical point of view, our ancestors could achieve incredible acts of physical strength. Having to survive in the relentless outdoor landscapes meant their overall fitness levels were incredible, including immense running, lifting and core strength abilities, all based around a ‘natural gym' environment of uneven ground, trees, rock faces and rivers. Modern humans are nowhere near to matching up against the fitness levels of cavemen. A survey from Sportsshoes.com has shown that less than 10% of the nation can complete the following activities, all of which humans would have been able to achieve in a prehistoric age:
Jump the same distance as your height from a standing position (only 7% said they could)
Squatting for 30 minutes or more (1% of Brits could do this)
Running 10 miles in under 80 minutes (5% of Brits could do this)
To be able to hold a deep squat for 30 minutes (1% of Brits could do this)
To lift an object half your body weight and carry it for a whole mile on uneven terrain (6% of Brits could do this)
To significantly enhance your workout routine, combine your gym work with more natural movement. As Le Corre explains “A gym-only workout is compartmentalised. When it comes to your machine based work-outs, you are working your muscles in isolation. The human body isn't meant to work in isolation, it should be working as a complete unit. Machines dictate and shrink movement patterns, and could hold your body back from achieving a natural level of fitness. Whether it's going for a run across uneven terrain, rock climbing or lifting objects that are of different shapes, sizes and weights, natural movement will help you physically perform with the effectiveness and efficiency that our ancestors did. These movement patterns and skills are universal to humankind's survival strategies, and will never be a fad or go out of fashion.”
Natural Movement Exercises
Don't knock it until you've tried it. To help break up your gym routine, Le Corre has provided three exercise examples to try outside, helping you to rediscover your natural movement and help you shape up:
WASHINGTON — Another federal judge has overruled the Trump administration's efforts to end a popular immigration program — this time saying the government has to accept new applications.
The ruling on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, however, won't take immediate effect, with the judge delaying the ruling for 90 days to allow the administration to make its case.
Similar to the other rulings, Judge John Bates concluded that the wind-down of DACA was “arbitrary and capricious” because the Department of Homeland Security failed to “adequately explain its conclusion that the program was unlawful.” The judge also accused the government of providing “meager legal reasoning” to support its decision.
A George W. Bush appointee to the US District Court for the District of Columbia, Bates delayed the effect of their ruling “to allow the agency an opportunity to better explain its rescission.”
The DACA program, which protects young undocumented immigrants who came to the US as children, has already been resumed after President Donald Trump sought to end it in September, after two federal judges issued nationwide rulings to accept renewals of the two-year permits issued by the program and after the Supreme Court declined to circumvent the appeals process to overturn those decisions.
But while the Department of Homeland Security has been processing renewal applications under those rulings, as the appeals make their way through the courts, Tuesday's ruling was the first to order the program to resume accepting new applications — potentially opening the program to tens of thousands more immigrants than the roughly 700,000 currently protected.
In September, the administration defended ending the program by saying it was likely to fall in the courts anyway, arguing a six-month wind-down of the program would be more orderly than a sudden end brought by the courts. No court has found DACA to be unconstitutional.
"We'd come outside at night time and just kinda have to 'ugh! what'ss that smell?' ya know? I've lived in quite a few cities and been all over the country and I've never really had an issue like this before" says Aaron Hill. Aaron and their father have lived about two miles from Jasper Products for almost 3 years now and say they like living in the area, but.. "I'm not a complainer or a 'caller inner' but I have been wondering what's going on and why basically...
More >>
COLUMBUS, Ohio - Everybody loves those rare "aha moments" where you suddenly and unexpectedly solve a difficult problem or understand something that had previously perplexed you.
But until now, researchers had not had a good way to study how people actually experienced what is called "epiphany learning."
In new research, scientists at The Ohio State University used eye-tracking and pupil dilation technology to see what happens as people figured out how to win a strategy game on a computer.
"We could see our study participants figuring out the solution through their eye movements as they considered their options," said Ian Krajbich, co-author of the study and assistant professor of psychology and economics at Ohio State.
"We could predict they were about to have an epiphany before they even knew it was coming."
Krajbich conducted the study with James Wei Chen, a doctoral student in economics at Ohio State. Their results were published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Most decision-making research has focused on reinforcement learning, where people gradually adjust their behavior in response to what they learn, Chen said.
"Our work is novel in that we're looking at this other kind of learning that really has been neglected in past research," they said.
For the study, 59 students played a game on a computer against an unseen opponent. On the screen were 11 numbers (0 to 10) arranged in a circle (like a rotary phone, for those old enough to remember). The students chose one number and then their opponent chose a number. The details of how they won are somewhat complex (it had to be complex for them to have something to figure out), but essentially the optimal game strategy boils down to picking the lower number. Therefore, picking zero was always the best choice.
The participants played 30 times in a row, always against a new opponent. The researchers created an incentive to win by awarding small payments for each victory.
An eye-tracker sitting under the computer screen could tell what numbers they were looking at as they considered their options during parts of the experiment.
After each of the trials, participants had the option of committing to playing one number for the rest of the trials. They were encouraged to do so by the promise of an extra payment. Participants were then reminded what number they chose, what number their opponent had chosen, and whether they had won or lost.
The goal for the researchers was to see when players had that epiphany, that "aha moment," in which they realized that zero was always the best choice and then committed to playing that number for the rest of the experiment.
The results showed that about 42 percent of players had an epiphany at some point and committed to playing zero. Another 37 percent committed to a number other that zero, suggesting they didn't learn the right lesson. The remaining 20 percent never committed to a number.
The researchers could tell when a player had an epiphany.
"There's a sudden change in their behavior. They are choosing other numbers and then all of a sudden they switch to choosing only zero," Krajbich said. "That's a hallmark of epiphany learning."
These participants gave clues that they were about to have that aha moment, even if they didn't realize it. The eye-tracker showed they looked at zero and other low numbers more often than others did in the trials just before their epiphany, even if they ended up choosing other numbers.
"We don't see the epiphany in their choice of numbers, but we see it in their eyes," Chen said. "Their attention is drawn to zero and they start testing it more and more."
Those who had the epiphanies also spent less time looking at their opponents' number choices and more time considering the result of each trial - whether they won or lost. The researchers said this suggests they were learning that their choice of a low number was the key to victory.
A key to epiphany learning is that it comes suddenly, which was evident when the researchers looked at eye-tracking results on the commitment screen. This was the screen where participants could choose to commit to zero (or another number) for the rest of the trials.
"Those who showed epiphany learning weren't building up confidence over time. There was no increase in the amount of time they looked at the 'commit' button as they went through the trials, which would have indicated they were considering committing," Krajbich said.
"They weren't paying a lot of attention to the commit button until the moment they decided to commit," Chen added.
Findings on pupil dilation provided additional evidence that epiphany learners were reacting differently than others.
"When your pupil dilates, we see that as evidence that you're paying close attention and learning," Krajbich said. Results showed those who experienced epiphany learning experienced significant pupil dilation while viewing the feedback screen (telling them whether they won or lost) before they made the commit decision. The dilation disappeared after they committed.
"They were showing signs of learning before they made the commitment to zero," Krajbich said. "We didn't see the same results for others."
These results suggest that you have to look within to truly experience epiphany learning.
"One thing we can take away from this research is that it is better to think about a problem than to simply follow others," Krajbich said.
"Those who paid more attention to their opponents tended to learn the wrong lesson."
###
This research was supported by a National Science Foundation Career Grant to Krajbich.
Contact: Ian Krajbich; Krajbich.1@osu.edu
James Wei Chen, Chen.2731@osu.edu
Written by Jeff Grabmeier, 614-292-8457; Grabmeier.1@osu.edu
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who groomed a young boy before sexually assaulting them has been spared jail.
Nicholas Henshall, 44, denied sexual assault of a child but was found guilty after a trial at Liverpool Crown Court.
After the incident, the boy's mother started noticing them showing ‘behavioural difficulties', the court heard.
Henshall, of Hawthorn Way, Macclesfield, was sentenced to 20 months in prison suspended for two years, a six month curfew and ordered to complete a sex offenders treatment programme.
Sentencing Judge Elizabeth Nicholls told Henshall they ‘could have easily' sent them to prison but custody would not help tackle their behaviour.
They said: “It is clear you were grooming them to abuse him.
“You seized the opportunity when it was presented to you.
“Although it is one single offence it is serious.”
The court heard that in 2015 Henshall was jailed for three years after admitting to indecently assaulting a boy, one charge of possessing indecent images and nine counts of making indecent images.
At the latest hearing, Judge Nicholls said: “Had you stood before me with no convictions I would have sent you to prison but these offences predate the substantial sentence you served before. Prison would not help you or protect the public.”
Maria Marcellus, defending Henshall, a former photographer who works in their family's business, said: “Because they still deny culpability for this offence it would serve society and the defendant greater if they were given a sex offender treatment programme rather than prison.
“It may seem lenient but it wouldn't be.
“He will do whatever the court wants to avoid going to prison again.”
Charlie Hunnam has what may be the best “first time in Vegas” story.
The actor was speaking to the Associated Press recently when they were asked what their best memory in Vegas is — and it's a doozy. Hunnam told the outlet that their most “vivid” memory of Sin City is getting married to actor Katharine Towne on their first trip in 1999.
“First time I was ever in Vegas, I got married, which didn't turn out that well,” Hunnam, 37, said. “I'd known the girl for three weeks and we'd fallen madly in love — it was the first time I'd ever been in love.”
The Sons of Anarchy actor explained that they met at a Dawson's Creek audition and started dating, but they had to head back to England soon after and they were looking for a way to stay together.
“We came to Vegas because, in our 18-year-old minds, we thought, ‘What if we never see each other again? Let's get married and then we'll have to see each other again even if it's just to get divorced,' ” Hunnam recalled. “So we came to Vegas, but I couldn't even get a drink so I didn't think we'd actually be able to get married. And then at 2 o'clock in the morning we got married.”
From Coinage: See Where 6 Stars Were Before They Were Famous
The quick marriage didn't end well. The actor — who these days have been happily attached to longtime girlfriend Morgana McNelis for 12 years now — admitted that the marriage ended after “three terrible, painful, expensive years.” Still, there was a silver lining after their 2002 divorce.
“I got the cats at the end of it, so there was a small victory.”
COLLEGE STATION, Texas — Junior guard Admon Gilder scored 15 points and Texas A&M dominated South Carolina from the start, winning 83-60 on Saturday in Reed Arena.
The Aggies (15-8, 4-6 Southeastern Conference) led 49-27 at half, in shooting 63 per cent (17 of 27) from the field in the first 20 minutes. The Gamecocks (13-10, 4-6) shot 21.1 per cent (8 of 38) in the same span, as A&M blasted to the 22-point lead. A&M finished 29 of 55 from the field, good for 53 per cent.
Justin Minaya scored 16 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead the Gamecocks.
A&M sophomore forward Robert Williams collected five blocks, to go with 11 points, and the Aggies' 11 total blocks were one shy of the team record of 12 set in 2013 against Mississippi Valley State. A&M dominated South Carolina in points in the paint (40 to 18) and on the fast break (17-4).
BIG PICTURE
South Carolina: The Gamecocks looked a long way from their Final Four appearance of last season in the blowout loss. South Carolina entered the game at .500 on the road in SEC contests, but wasn't in this one from the start. The Gamecocks are trying to make the NCAA Tournament in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1997-98.
Texas A&M: The Aggies looked like the team that had risen to No. 5 nationally leading into SEC play, before they lost their first five league games because of injuries and suspensions. Performances like the one on Saturday, despite A&M still owning a losing record in SEC action, are why analysts like ESPN's Joe Lunardi project A&M in the NCAA Tournament as a 10th seed as of this week.
UP NEXT
South Carolina: The Gamecocks are on the road for a second straight time when they play at Arkansas on Tuesday.
Texas A&M: Following consecutive home games, the Aggies' schedule strengthens in a hurry with a game at league-leading and No. 11 Auburn on Wednesday.
South Park: The Fractured But Whole is no ordinary turn-based role-playing game. It's one for the fans. Within 30-seconds of our E3 gaming expo presentation back in 2016, our presenter - playing The New Kid (AKA Douchebag from previous game The Stick of Truth) - is tapping in guesses to break Eric Cartman's (AKA The Coon's) keypad to access their secret lair (in Mrs Cartman's basement, obviously). "F*ck Donkey Poop". Nope, that didn't work, so it's time to go and hunt down the real password ("F*ck You Mom" as it transpires).
For 2017 we were given the chance to go hands-on with the game, to experience the new combat system first hand and how dramatically it differs from the previous The Stick of Truth game.
The tie-in with South Park the series is strong: it's all about superheroes, in an obvious but amusing piss-take of the current glut of Marvel and DC Comics movies that are spilling into cinemas. From Mysterion (Kenny) to TupperWear (Token) and beyond, all your favourites are there.
Our game begins after breaking into The Peppermint Hippo - South Park's strip club - playing the sidekick of Captain Diabetes. Yep, kids in strip clubs. This is South Park being South Park: it enjoys walking the line of offensive, and offend it no doubt will.
The first addition to gameplay is the ability to throw firecrackers and farts. In the original game the latter was used more for amusement, in the sequel it's got purpose: firecrackers can set things on fire and farts can ignite them; furthermore firecrackers can knock down hard-to-reach objects, which can be useful for the new crafting system.
We wander the club, collecting items, talking to characters, before playing a VIP dance minigame which involves hitting buttons and rotating control sticks correctly to trigger farts on a gross-out meter. It's all in the name of gathering information, but the very premise of kids lap dancing drunk guys is ridiculous. South Park will inevitably get some flack for such scenes.
Anyway, information gathered and suitably bemused/disturbed, we venture onward and the story necessitates that a variety of objects are collected and combined in the crafting system to make a spiked gin and tonic for the club DJ.
Some ingredients can only be found by navigating rooms and platforms in a puzzle game style - in what South Park calls "fartcour" - meaning in-level verticality for the sake of exploration, which adds an additional dynamic beyond the more simple search, collect and buy/sell of the original game.
The first major combat scene against the club's strippers shows just how different The Fractured But Whole is compared to The Stick of Truth: it's a lot more complex than before; more chess-like. Different characters have different reaches across a play grid, with differing abilities, attacks and defences meaning hiding behind objects and other characters won't always be helpful - sometimes it'll be counter-intuitive - and quick response counters are essntial to keep your health from depleting.
To the top left of the screen is a ultimate meter level-up bar, which when maxed out means you can unleash an ultimate attack with devastating effect. There are the usual potions and specials which can cause rage, bleeding and so forth to make things extra tough - either for you or your opponent.
There are more dynamics than that too: The stripper Spantaneous Bootay is like a mini boss who will slowly (and we mean ever so slowly, given their mass) move one square across the play grid every time a timer elapses. So you're forced to make snap decisions to escape being eaten up by those giant cheeks.
Which makes for a pretty complicated stuff for an apparent simple toilet humour show. The Fractured But Whole embraces being a proper turn-based game, while not shying from its duties as a South Park title. It's crude, it's rude, it's pretty gross out and if you're a South Park fan then you'll probably love it.
However, it's definitely not going to be a game for all tastes. Given how close to the mark The Stick of Truth went - some scenes were censored by the in the UK, which is a rare occurence - we suspect The Fractured But Whole will try and push things even further. It's like a naughty kid that can't help itself.
South Park: The Fractured But Whole will be released for PS4, Xbox One and PC on October 17 2017.
March 19 (UPI) -- An MRI scan in conjunction with targeted prostate biopsies may detect prostate cancer better than standard biopsies, according to an international study.
Researchers found the method finds more of the harmful prostate cancers but fewer of the harmless ones. University College London researchers published their findings Monday in the New England Journal of Medicine.
For the Precision trial, researchers randomly enrolled 500 men with suspected prostate cancer from 23 international centers, including the United States, to receive either MRI targeted or standard screening between January 2016 to Dec. 31, 2017. Their average age was 64 and they had a PSA level of 20 ng per milliliter or less. Doctors generally have considered PSA levels of 4.0 and lower than normal, according to the U.S. National Cancer Institute.
"In men who need to have investigation for prostate cancer for the first time, Precision shows that using an MRI to identify suspected cancer in the prostate and performing a prostate biopsy targeted to the MRI information, leads to more cancers being diagnosed than the standard way that we have been performing prostate biopsy for the last 25 years," Veeru Kasivisvanathan, a researcher at UCL's Division of Surgery & Interventional Science, said in a press release.
They also presented their findings at the 33rd European Association of Urology Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark, which runs until Tuesday.
In the MRI-targeted biopsy group, 28 percent of 252 men had MRI results that were not suggestive of prostate cancer, so they did not undergo biopsy. Clinically significant cancer was detected in 95 men, or 38 percent, in the MRI-targeted biopsy group compared, with 26 percent -- 64 of 248 participants -- in the standard-biopsy group.
Men with suspected prostate cancer typically undergo the standard biopsy called TRansrectal UltraSound guided prostate biopsy, or TRUS. A doctor passes an ultrasound probe into the rectum and takes a sample of cells from the prostate that might contain cancer.
This biopsy can miss harmful cancers and diagnose harmless cancers that don't need to be dealt with.
"This study was the first to allow men to avoid a biopsy," said Dr. Mark Emberton, a researcher in the UCL Division of Surgery & Interventional Science. "If high quality MRI can be achieved across Europe, then over a quarter of the one million men who currently undergo a biopsy could safely avoid it."
A man accused of killing their father has been committed to a mental hospital following the findings of the sanity commission.
Jonconnor Joiner was committed to the Eastern Louisiana Mental Health System, Forensic Division in Jackson, under the care of the Department of Health and Hospitals Monday. They have been charged with the second-degree murder of their father, 57-year-old Billy Jack Joiner Jr.
According to court documents, 26th Judicial District Judge Parker Self ordered them to be committed after two of three doctors who examined Joiner found they “presently lacks the mental capacity to understand the proceedings against them or to assist in their defense…”
The hospital is ordered to provide reports to the court and advise when they are able to comprehend and understand the proceedings against them and assist in their defense.
According to law, a trial date will not be set until they are deemed competent to stand trial and capable of assisting in their defense.
Joiner was arrested May 13, 2016 after they reportedly confessed to beating their father, Billy Joiner, to death with a baseball bat the previous Wednesday, May 11, 2016. At the time of their arrest, Webster Parish Sheriff Gary Sexton said the two had been involved in an ongoing dispute and believed Jonconnor Joiner may have been upset because their father was making them move out of their home.
A Sibley Police Officer discovered Billy Joiner's remains at their home when they received a call about a loose donkey. The officer went to the residence to notify them of the loose animal when they noted the front door was partially open and could see a portion of their body on the floor.
Jonconnor Joiner was already behind bars at the time of their arrest in Bossier City on unrelated charges from Caddo Parish.
The case is being prosecuted by Chief Assistant District Attorney Lane Pittard.
Related
Comments
comments
Rolling one's shirt sleeves is not something many men do with intention, but this seemingly simple habit can have a big impact on your look.So in this guide, we're going to discuss a few methods for rolling up your sleeves when you still want to look elegant and how to avoid looking like you're ready for a fist fight.
History of the Rolled Sleeve
Men are rolling up their sleeves before hitting an opponent is the old cliche from movies and television shows, but there are many legitimate reasons to consider rolling your shirt sleeves up. It may be to avoid getting them dirty, wet or stained, or to cool off on a hot day. Nowadays, a rolled shirtsleeve is often employed by high-level executives and politicians in an attempt to portray that they are an everyday guy. Clearly, rolled shirtsleeves can make a statement.
For many years it was considered poor etiquette to roll your sleeves. Part of this was because it looked sloppy for an elegant gentleman to roll up their sleeves, part was due to the protection the shirt sleeve gave from the coarser fabric of the tailcoat or morning coat, and finally, it was because it really didn't make a difference. The coat worn over the shirt was far bulkier, and it was in poor taste to remove one's jacket before retiring at home.
However, when the prep trends hit the Northeast United States and affluent young men were rebelling against their fathers who wore suits to check the mail, it became less important to keep a jacket on. It was a regular sight on college campuses for men to be seen with their blazer draped over their arm. It was a way to beat the heat in the summer, look cool with strong forearms showing and separate their style from the men who didn't remove their tie until changing for bed. What initially began decades prior with the working class was gradually becoming a trend in the affluent ivy league schools. Soon it wasn't just being done outdoors. The trend continued, and as Hollywood stars like James Dean and Steve McQueen wore their sleeves rolled up, it became a way for the dapper preppy to look masculine, of-the-moment and perhaps even a bit tough. Today, rolling up your sleeves is done for a few reasons.
It keeps your sleeves clean if you have to play in the dirt or prevents them from getting wet when washing your hands or cleaning off your car. It keeps you cool on a hot and humid day. It is a style faux pas to wear a short sleeve dress shirt, but not a dress shirt with rolled sleeves It makes a more formal outfit casual if the venue changes such as going from the boardroom to a bar for drinks with friends.
The Dos and Don'ts of Rolling Up Your Sleeves
Do's
DO embrace a wrinkle here or there. It shouldn't look like the shirt has been cuffed and you bought it that way. DO keep the sleeve rolled up to the forearm or just above the elbow. No higher or lower for a dress shirt, or it is simply the wrong choice of shirt. DO fold your sleeves. It minimizes wrinkles and looks more polished and less sloppy. DO keep the sleeves even. Don't leave one two inches lower than the other. DO undo any buttons or remove the cufflinks before you fold. DO remove your vest if you have one on.
Don'ts
DON'T leave your shirt sleeves folded while wearing a jacket over top. DON'T roll up jacket sleeves unless you're deliberately going for the Miami Vice look. DON'T just shove the sleeves up. Avoid having random buttons sticking out or the cuff hanging off your arm.
When and When Not to Roll Your Sleeves Up
When to Roll Your Sleeves
It is acceptable to roll your sleeves up when:
You need to protect your sleeves from water, dust or dirt such as washing your hands, helping to move office furniture or rendering first aid It is hot or humid and you're outside When eating foods that could easily make a mess such as crab legs, a hot dog or a hamburger at lunch. When transitioning to a casual atmosphere in business attire such as meeting friends or your date at the pub or coming home to your family without having time to change. When spending time with your children or pets before and after work. When in the privacy of your own office with the door closed. While commuting or traveling.
It is wise to avoid rolling up your sleeves when:
You are in a formal office environment. During any interactions with your boss or a client. During any type of meeting, including dinner meetings or luncheons (at which point you should skip messy food anyway) When wearing any other garments on your upper body such as a jacket or a vest. At any formal or somber event such as a wedding, funeral or even a cocktail party. When wearing black tie, white tie or morning wear.
How to Roll Your Sleeves
There are many techniques that offer various looks. Here are three methods we recommend because they're slightly more stylish and elegant than the rest.
The Classic Fold
For years, the U.S. Marines have rolled their sleeves. Unlike other folds, the Marine-style cuff is done on purpose, ideally before you put the shirt on. We rarely recommend this as it's not elegant to wear your collared shirt rolled up all day. If that's the case, there's no point in wearing business attire. Just put on a polo shirt and call it a day.
However, if you have the privacy and the need to roll up your sleeves – and you're wearing an undershirt – quickly remove your shirt and consider the Marine cuff.
This only works with a shirt that isn't wrinkled. Just as you would place the sleeve while ironing it, flatten out the sleeve on a clean table such as your desk or a dry restroom counter. At the seam where the cuff of the shirt begins – and with the buttons unfastened – fold the sleeve up with the stitching of the shirt cuff as the seam so the inside of the cuff is now facing out. Straighten the fold, making sure both the bottom and the top are straight and flat. Repeat the same process and fold it up once more, duplicating the initial fold. Straight it out and put on the shirt.
The Italian Method
This style works very well with fashion-forward dress shirts that use a contrasting fabric for the inside of the shirt's cuff. It adds a bit of sprezzatura to the look and is understated but noticeable at the same time.
While wearing the shirt, unbutton the cuff and fold it so the cuff is roughly an inch past your elbow. This should be a fairly long fold as you are only folding it once. Next, flip the bottom of the sleeve closest to your hand over so it creates another fold and shortens the length of the rolled cuff. However, make sure that you only roll it about an inch less than the first roll. This way, about an inch of the sleeve's cuff will poke past the fold. This adds layer and dimension to the roll and showcases a glimpse of the lining's fabric to add a bold dash of flair to your outfit.
The Quick Roll
This is ideal for a quick trip to the restroom where you need to wash your hands or if you're worried about mustard hitting your sleeve after getting lunch from the hot dog cart by your office.
Undo all the buttons on your sleeve. Turn the cuff up just under your elbow and then fold the edge of the cuff by flipping it down into the cuff so it's tucked in. Roll the sleeve up by flipping folding it over itself.
This style is far more casual but is quick and easy to do in a time crunch. We don't recommend doing it for long periods of time, though.
How to Avoid Wrinkles
The finer the fabric and the quality of shirt, the more you have to worry about wrinkles. Here are a few tips to ensure you don't get wrinkles that will be noticeable after unrolling your sleeves.
Never keep your sleeves rolled up longer than necessary. Immediately unroll them once you no longer need them cuffed. Never leave buttons fastened or cufflinks in when rolling your shirt. Rather than actually rolling the sleeve, fold it and make sure it's neat and not creased or bulging. Never hang up a shirt or launder a shirt that is still rolled. Make sure the shirt isn't wrinkled prior to rolling up your sleeve.appear
Conclusion
Now you know how to roll your sleeves up properly. The three techniques, if done properly, should give you a sharp roll without sliding down or appearing sloppy. Just remember not to do it regularly with high-quality dress shirts as any rolling will stretch the fabric slightly with each fold. How do you fold your shirts?
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (WOAY) – West Virginia American Water and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) are reaching out to promote Fix a Leak Week, which runs from March 19-25. The national campaign, part of the EPA's WaterSense program, helps to raise awareness about small leaks and other water that may be inadvertently wasted within homes. With more than 110 million households in this country, a seemingly minor leak from a faucet, showerhead, toilet, or other appliance can collectively result in a tremendous amount of wasted water. With the average residence losing 10,000 gallons a year, this means that more than a trillion gallons of water are lost annually nationwide through leaks occurring within homes. Through initiatives like Fix a Leak Week, the hope is that by prompting action, that amount can be significantly reduced.
“Most people may not realize that even the smallest leaks can waste thousands of gallons per year, which has an impact on water bills,” said Brian Bruce, West Virginia American Water president. “For the customers, we serve in West Virginia, that means collectively up to 1.5 billion gallons of water are being lost to household leaks annually. Fortunately, most common leaks are easily correctable, and can be incorporated as part of spring cleaning routines.”
To assist customers with at-home leak repairs and prevention, West Virginia American Water has produced a helpful infographic including tips on finding and fixing common, and some not-so-common, indoor and outdoor water leaks. A downloadable leak detection guide is also available at https://amwater.com/wvaw/water-information/detecting-leaks.
While Fix a Leak Week is geared toward reducing household water waste, West Virginia American Water is also working diligently to address water loss in its system. The company is committed to replacing and upgrading water infrastructure in order to provide clean, safe, reliable water to customers, investing over $135 million in infrastructure, system improvements, technology and other capital improvements in the past two years alone.
West Virginia American Water, a subsidiary of American Water (NYSE: AWK), is the largest investor-owned water utility in the state, providing high-quality and reliable water services to approximately 530,000 people. With a history dating back to 1886, American Water is the largest and most geographically diverse U.S. publicly traded water and wastewater utility company. The company employs more than 6,900 dedicated professionals who provide regulated and market-based drinking water, wastewater and other related services to an estimated 15 million people in 46 states and Ontario, Canada. American Water provides safe, clean, affordable and reliable water services to our customers to make sure we keep their lives flowing. For more information, visit amwater.com and follow American Water on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.
Comments
Astronomers have used two Australian radio telescopes and several optical telescopes to study complex mechanisms that are fuelling jets of material blasting away from a black hole 55 million times more massive than the Sun.
In research published today, the international team of scientists used the telescopes to observe a nearby radio galaxy known as Centaurus A.
"As the closest radio galaxy to Earth, Centaurus A is the perfect 'cosmic laboratory' to study the physical processes responsible for moving material and energy away from the galaxy's core," said Dr Ben McKinley from the International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research (ICRAR) and Curtin University in Perth, Western Australia.
Centaurus A is 12 million light-years away from Earth -- just down the road in astronomical terms--and is a popular target for amateur and professional astronomers in the Southern Hemisphere due to its size, elegant dust lanes, and prominent plumes of material.
"Being so close to Earth and so big actually makes studying this galaxy a real challenge because most of the telescopes capable of resolving the detail we need for this type of work have fields of view that are smaller than the area of sky Centaurus A takes up," said Dr McKinley.
"We used the Murchison Widefield Array (MWA) and Parkes -- these radio telescopes both have large fields of view, allowing them to image a large portion of sky and see all of Centaurus A at once. The MWA also has superb sensitivity allowing the large-scale structure of Centaurus A to be imaged in great detail," they said.
The MWA is a low frequency radio telescope located at the Murchison Radio-astronomy Observatory in Western Australia's Mid West, operated by Curtin University on behalf of an international consortium. The Parkes Observatory is 64-metre radio telescope commonly known as "the Dish" located in New South Wales and operated by CSIRO.
Observations from several optical telescopes were also used for this work-- the Magellan Telescope in Chile, Terroux Observatory in Canberra, and High View Observatory in Auckland.
"If we can figure out what's going in Centaurus A, we can apply this knowledge to our theories and simulations for how galaxies evolve throughout the entire Universe," said co-author Professor Steven Tingay from Curtin University and ICRAR.
"As well as the plasma that's fuelling the large plumes of material the galaxy is famous for, we found evidence of a galactic wind that's never been seen--this is basically a high speed stream of particles moving away from the galaxy's core, taking energy and material with it as it impacts the surrounding environment," they said.
By comparing the radio and optical observations of the galaxy the team also found evidence that stars belonging to Centaurus A existed further out than previously thought and were possibly being affected by the winds and jets emanating from the galaxy.
###
Original Publication:
'The jet/wind outflow in Centaurus A: a local laboratory for AGN feedback', published in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society on December 12th, 2017. Available at http://www. icrar. org/ galaxygiant
More Information:
The MWA
The Murchison Widefield Array (MWA) is a low frequency radio telescope and is the first of four Square Kilometre Array (SKA) precursors to be completed.
A consortium of partner institutions from seven countries (Australia, USA, India, New Zealand, Canada, Japan, and China) financed the development, construction, commissioning, and operations of the facility. The MWA consortium is led by Curtin University.
Parkes Observatory
Parkes Observatory, just outside the central-west NSW town of Parkes, hosts the 64-metre Parkes radio telescope, one of the telescopes comprising CSIRO's Australia Telescope National Facility.
ICRAR
The International Centre for Radio Astronomy Research (ICRAR) is a joint venture between Curtin University and The University of Western Australia with support and funding from the State Government of Western Australia.
CASS
CSIRO Astronomy and Space Science (CASS) operates the Australia Telescope National Facility (ATNF), comprising a set of world-class radio-astronomy observatories including the Parkes 64-metre radio telescope and the Australia Telescope Compact Array (ATCA) in New South Wales, and the Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder (ASKAP) in Western Australia.
Multimedia:
Images and video available from http://www. icrar. org/ galaxygiant
Contacts:
Dr Ben McKinley (ICRAR / Curtin University / CAASTRO)
Ph: 61-424-871-986
E: Ben.Mckinley@icrar.org
Professor Steven Tingay (ICRAR / Curtin University)
Ph: 61-401-103-635
E: Steven.Tingay@icrar.org
Pete Wheeler (Media Contact, ICRAR)
Ph: 61-423-982-018
E: Pete.Wheeler@icrar.org
A search warrant at a property two miles north of Barneston Thursday evening resulted in the arrest of Shawn Huntington, age 46, on suspicion of possession of stolen property, possession of a destructive device, possession of a controlled substance, and obstruction of law enforcement.
Various stolen tools, accessories, and a TV were found at the site, and Huntington fled on foot from a small shed near the main residence on the property, where they were reportedly living. They were arrested, and later investigation turned up a homemade explosive device in a vehicle used by Huntington.
The goods recovered were related to several burglary and theft cases in southeast Gage County. The property owner cooperated with authorities during the search.
Crude Sulfate Turpentine Market: Overview
Crude sulfate turpentine (also known as sulfate wood turpentine) is a derivative product of turpentine acquired via the distillation of resin occurring in live trees, particularly pines. It is a flammable fluid which is insoluble in water but dissolves in certain solvents. Turpentine is also known as wood turpentine, oil of turpentine, and spirit of turpentine.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/crude-sulfate-turpentine-market.html
Crude sulfate turpentine is obtained as a byproduct of the Kraft process with the help of substrates and catalysts. Crude sulfate turpentine comprises terpene hydrocarbons and miscellaneous sulfur compounds. Terpenes are an extensive and varied class of organic compounds acquired from a range of plants, especially those belonging to the Pinopsida group.
Turpentine mainly consists of alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with smaller percentages of limonene, camphene, carene, and terpinene. Alpha-pinene and beta-pinene are isomers of pinene. Terpinenes are isomeric hydrocarbons belonging to the terpene class. Limonene, camphene, and careen are all cyclic terpenes constituting small amounts of turpentine.
Crude sulfate turpentine is primarily used in the production of fragrances and flavors. Major end-use industries of crude sulfate turpentine include cosmetics and food & beverages. It is also used as a solvent during the thinning of oil-based paints and production of varnishes. It acts as a raw material in the process of organic synthesis in the chemical industry too, especially in fragrant (aromatic) chemical compounds.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22250
Crude Sulfate Turpentine Market Trends
The utilization of crude sulfate turpentine by manufacturers is restricted due to the high amount of investments required in its distillation. This could act as a major restraining factor for the market. The limited retrieval of black liquor through the Kraft process is also expected to hinder the product's overall growth.
Alpha-pinene is employed as anti-inflammatory agent and is a constituent of a broad-spectrum antibiotic. Beta-pinene exhibits a woody-green, pine-like scent and is mainly used as an ingredient in perfumery. Fragrances ascribed to carene include pine-like, sweet, woodsy, cedar, and pungent; and its primary sources are rosemary, cedar, and pine extract.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Joplin's Ozark Christian College today celebrated an expansion. 10 months of hard work culminated in a ribbon-cutting, marking the opening of the school's larger chapel. The $1.6 million project added some bathrooms and increased the size of the sanctuary by 200 seats. Official tells us enrollment hasn't increased, but the number of people coming to campus for events has.
The president of Ozark Christian College, Matt Proctor says. "This expansion to our college chapel is certainly a great encouragement to our college family. It is always great to see progress being made facilities been upgraded. And for our larger Ozark family we have thousands of Alumni that love to come back to our campus every year for various events."
The expansion was paid for through fundraising.
RAMALLAH (Sputnik) - The Executive Committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) called on the Palestinian authorities to severe ties with Israel at all levels, including security and politics, a committee said in a statement, obtained by Sputnik.
The committee urged the Palestinian authorities to "immediately start preparing plans and projects aimed at severing ties with the Israeli authorities at the level of politics, governance, economy and security," the statement read.
Moreover, the PLO Executive Committee decided to "refer to the UN Security Council, General Assembly and the International Criminal Court [ICC], asking them to refuse to recognize the state of Israel until it renounces the recognition of Jerusalem as its capital."
© AP Photo/ Craig Ruttle PLO Urges to Convene Conference Under UN Auspices to Create Independent Palestinian State
According to the statement, the PLO is planning to refer to the ICC with a request "to start an investigation into Israeli settlements, racial discrimination and an ethnic cleansing in Jerusalem and its surroundings that is being hushed up."
The statement comes ahead of a reported meeting between Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon and Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah next week.
On December 6, US President Donald Trump announced their decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and instructed the US State Department to launch the process of moving the US Embassy, currently located in Tel Aviv, to Jerusalem. The step has prompted criticism from a number of states and triggered a wave of protests in the region.
Kyle Rudolph is the Vikings starting tight end. We know this. Rudolph had their best season as a pro last season, finishing with career highs of 83 catches for 840 yards to go with seven touchdowns.
After that, though, things get a little dicey, and young.
More Kyle Rudolph! Breaking down Vikings 1st depth chart: Offense 1w ago
The next two players expected to crack the squad in 2017 are David Morgan and rookie Bucky Hodges. Morgan and Hodges are 24 and 22, respectively. Rudolph is in their prime at 27.
Does that have the Vikings worried or concerned?
“No, there's no concern,” Vikings offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur said after Sunday's practice. “We're hopeful that the young players will come along, and depending on what the final roster looks like we'll use the players that are available.”
The nice thing about the combination of at least Rudolph and Morgan is that they compliment each other well. Rudolph is an elite pass catcher, while Morgan excels in the blocking game, much like former Viking Rhett Ellison.
“He's doing a good job,” Shurmur said of Morgan. “I think by their skill set he's more of a possession type receiver, but they catch the ball well and he's doing good with their blocking.”
More 2017 Preseason! Dalvin Cook looks to be huge part of Vikings offense 1d ago
Hodges, the team's sixth-round draft pick, appears to be more of a project, but at just 22 years old, he's got plenty of time to develop, and it looks like they could turn into a Rudolph-type pass catcher at some point in their career.
Barring injuries, it appears as if the Vikings will be solid at the tight-end position for the foreseeable future.
FISA Memo Release Imminent; Uncertainty Looms
On this episode of Fault Lines, hosts Garland Nixon and Lee Stranahan discuss the FISA memo that is set to be released today. How major will the revelations be, and will there be senior government officials accused of serious misconduct?
Scheduled Guests: (Show 7-10 AM ET)
Dominic Carter @DominicTV — Reporter for Verizon FIOS News | Topic: Talking #Menendez and #Percoco trials with @DominicTV
Kathy Barnette @Kathy4Truth — Political Commentator and Former Adjunct Professor of Corporate Finance | Topic: Analyzing President Trump's First Year w/ @Kathy4Truth
Rob Kall inventor, writer, founder OpEdNews.com Host of the Bottom up show Topic: Prop Or Not censorship scandal
Mark Frost, Economist, college professor Topic: Economics of Cryptocurrency
Michael Krieger @LibertyBlitz — Founder of LibertyBlitzkrieg.com | Topic: Is #ReleaseTheMemo a Political Stunt and Does it Matter? w/ @LibertyBlitz
The DOJ has announced they are dropping their case against Bob Menendez. Reporter Dominic Carter returns to Fault Lines to discuss this decision and to talk about the corruption trial of a former top aide to NY Governor Andrew Cuomo.
Later in the show, Garland and Lee discuss the current standstill for Congress in dealing with DACA. Will a deal be reached or is the public simply in for more political theater and grandstanding from both sides of the aisle?
For the final segment of the week, guest Michael Krieger talks about an article they published yesterday discussing the FISA memo and whether or not this has all been a political stunt. Michael always has original, unique commentary, and you will want to hear what they have to say regarding #ReleaseTheMemo.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Being fans of the Tomb Raider series since the very beginning, with the first outing one of our favourite games on the original PlayStation, we approached 2013's reboot with some trepidation. Reboots don't always work.
But we needn't have worried because Tomb Raider was superb – and even better on the PS4 and Xbox One when it was remastered and rereleased. A grittier, more rounded Lara Croft – in characterisation rather that body shape – was exactly what the doctor ordered.
There was only one issue though: the single-player campaign was too short. That's something developer Crystal Dynamics has partly addressed this time around, with its Microsoft timed-exclusive Rise of the Tomb Raider – although you shouldn't expect longevity miracles.
Does Rise add up to the best Tomb Raider ever?
We finished every aspect of Rise in a little over a week, playing around two to three hours a day on average. So our 18-hours of playtime is indicative, we feel, of a player's first run through.
And considering there's no multiplayer, it can be argued that that's not an enormous amount of playtime for a full-price game. But it must be said that while some games offer more in terms of how much time they take to complete, there are few available for current generation consoles today that cram so much into the time you do spend with them.
We ensured we completed all of Rise's side missions and optional tomb challenges too, plus dabbled with hunting and artefact collecting. We admit that we didn't quite search for every single hidden item, but anything gameplay-centric we are happy to have found and finished. Basically, we didn't rush through just to see the story, and are satisfied that we experienced everything the game has to offer.
And it turns out Rise of the Tomb Raider is one of the most fun and rewarding games out in the build-up to Christmas. It has fierce competition for gamers' money, not least because Fallout 4 is out the same week, but it stands out as being one of the most joyful to play, from the first scenes to the last. It's 18-hours well spent.
Those who played the 2013 reboot will instantly recognise Rise – much of the gameplay mechanics are similar if not identical. But given how much we adored that game, that's high praise from the off.
The story is effectively played out on several open-world maps in Siberia – with a prologue in Syria. It swaps snowy peaks and icy ruins for the previous game's jungle island setting, but like the former game, dotted throughout are base camps that provide fast travel points and places where you can beef-up a more confident Lara Croft's skills and weapon proficiency.
There are a few changes. One is the option to change outfit once earned, some of which provide added in-game bonuses. There are also a few new gadgets that help Lara reach different sections and complete puzzles as the game progresses.
But certain elements are identical to before. Lara is extremely proficient with a bow and arrow, both in hunting or battle. And they can craft more deadly ammunition. The crafting has been taken to another level, though, with greater options to create. Plus, there are a number of different deadly projectiles that can be formed even during the most chaotic of action.
Stealth remains a major part of the game, with silent takedowns and sneaking around sometimes the more sensible option to take, but firefighting and hand-to-hand combat feels more tactile this time, where you don't have to just snipe from behind cover until you exhaust the requisite amount of enemies. Instead, you have multiple ways you can play it, even rush headlong into a skirmish, shoving ice pickaxes into foes' faces.
In that, choosing what skills to add while levelling-up Lara is paramount to the play-style you want to adopt.
The last Tomb Raider game also had a slight balance issue in that we thought there were too many firefights and not enough of the puzzling elements that made the original games famous in the first place.
Rise gets that right this time, with not only some excellent level designs, even with the open-world settings, but also actual tombs to raid. Yep, the tombs are back in both story form – there are a few you must progress through – and in the hidden challenges scattered around.
Each of the tomb challenges also offers a different kind of puzzle, which we adore. They invoke the spirit of yore, with levers you need to pull, timing puzzles, or swimming action. And the successful completion of each hold a prize that enhances Lara's skill set all the more.
They definitely extend the playtime and you, like us, will invariably seek each out as a matter of course. There are also hidden caves (that occasionally secrete a rare animal to hunt), crypts and other areas off the beaten track, but none are quite as satisfying as the challenge tombs. We know what we want more of in the next instalment that's for sure.
As it stands there wasn't a single moment where we thought something was out of place or undernourished in Rise. The storyline is typical Tomb Raider fare, with a chase to find a holy artefact – the Divine Source – before an evil network of religious zealots can, but it is well acted and has enough twists and turns to keep the action flowing seamlessly.
The climbing and mountaineering sections are simply astonishing, with each leap feeling like you are in genuine danger. And the graphical presentation is on a similar level to the remastered version of Lara's last full outing – although that somewhat shows what an amazing technical achievement that was back then.
There is replay value too, even if you have finished the single-player campaign. There's an expedition mode that presents score trials on previous levels and maps, or the ability to replay specific chapters at fiendish levels. You can also spend in-game currency to buy or use cards earned during the campaign, to change different aspects, such as enemy habits or aesthetic alterations in order to make each play through of an expedition unique. And as this mode has an online leaderboard, you can check your scores against friends, adding a feeling of community to the proceedings.
A house in Dundalk had to be evacuated in the early hours of this morning, after a 999 call to Gardaí claimed a pipe bomb left at the address, would go off in 30 minutes.
Gardaí in Dundalk received the call at around 2.30 this morning.
According to reports from Gardaí, the caller claimed the pipe bomb had been left in the Slieve Foy area of Muirhevnamor, and was set to explode in 30 minutes.
The caller identified a specific property in Slieve Foy, which Gardaí then sealed off. No device was found at the location however.
The property remains sealed off, pending a technical examination this morning.
Gardaí have confirmed that they are treating the incident as a bomb scare.
This is the second security event in Dundalk in a week, following a security alert last Thursday night in the Ashling Park area of the town, where a suspected improvised explosive device (I.E.D.) was found.
Part of the proposal, which the Republicans plan to present to the president, could see a new "boarder adjustment" system introduced, which would call on taxing US companies' domestic sales and imports, while exempting their exports.
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017​
This would mean that if US businesses decided to import goods from the EU, they would be taxed for this, however if they exported items they would avoid any penalties.
© AP Photo/ US Files Complaint With WTO on Chinese Trade Practices in Aluminum Industry
If the US adopted this new system, it would be a major overhaul of the US taxation, according to tax experts and something that the EU is less than impressed with.
Members of the World Trade Organization (WTO), an intergovernmental body which regulates international trade, has warned that if the US makes the tax change, it would lead to a major challenge to the global trading system at a time when its most influential member is tilting towards protectionism under Trump.
Jyrki Katainen, the European Commission vice-president who oversees EU trade policy, said in a recent interview that at all costs, Europe wants to avoid a trade war with the US as it would be "disastrous" for the world economy.
Katainen made it clear however, that the EU would have no other option but to act against the US, whether it related to border tax or the erection of any other trade barriers, in order to protect the interests of the EU.
"If somebody is behaving against our interests or against international rules in trade, then we have our own mechanisms to react," Katainen said in a recent interview.
"We have all the legal arrangements within EU, but we are also part of global arrangements like the WTO and we want to respect the global rule base when it comes to trade," they added.
In an interview with the Financial Times, Chad Brown a WTO trade dispute expert said that a defeat in such a case could see around US$385 billion a year in trade retaliation against the US.
Some countries have begun to question whether this overhaul in the US corporate tax system is part of Trump's protectionism and anti-globalization stance, which focuses on shielding a country's domestic industries from foreign competition by taxing imports.
According to sources, China has already started to examine whether Trump's economic policies will lead to higher US tariffs, which could make cross-border trade harder between the US and Asian countries.
On February 15, Trump is scheduled to meet with the chief executive officers of eight large retailers, including Target Corp, Best Buy Co., Inc. and J.C. Penney Company Inc. to discuss tax reform and infrastructure improvements.
According to BBC business correspondent Michelle Fleury, a key discussion point at the meeting will be on the proposed plans to tax US companies who import goods from other countries, as most US retailers believe this will not be good for their overall profits.
Nordstrom and Marmax didn't make the cut. Trump to Meet with Retail CEOs on Border Adjusted Tax https://t.co/4aZuAlN6b5 via @BoF — Trent MacLean (@trent_maclean) 15 February 2017
​A spokesperson for the WTO told Sputnik that currently there is no legislation as yet that has been introduced by the US, however there has been talk and discussions around changing aspects of the corporate tax system, which could impact trade with other countries.
Posted by admin on February 2, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A gautier resident will be one of twenty five people nationwide featured in a new P.S.A March, for Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month.
"I think I've demonstrated integrity for three decades of public life," they said.
Smith and Leal also clashed on a couple of other occasions in the evening, notably when Smith listed their qualifications and accomplishments: they have an MBA, for example, and they said that nobody has done more to contribute effort and money toward bettering the community.
Then Leal listed some of their own accomplishments over four terms as MPP: their government partnered to help build Peterborough Regional Health Centre, for example, and to bring the new trade school to Fleming College.
They also brought the GO bus to Peterborough and extended Highway 407 to the city, they noted, all on their watch.
But when asked about how they would decrease the cost of electricity, Leal said the Liberal government inherited a hydro system that lacked capacity "after two decades of neglect" and the Liberal government spent $50 billion on upgrading the system, they said, to avoid a future blackout as extensive as the one in 2003.
"It had to be paid for," they said.
But Smith said their party would immediately reduce bills by 12 per cent by turning the dividend the government receives from Hydro One back to ratepayers.
Conway suggested their party would take a different approach: they'd buy back the distribution system of Hydro One and keep it in public hands, they said..
"Electricity's not a luxury – so why's it priced as one?" they asked, using the same words Horwath did when they visited Peterborough recently.
Meanwhile Broughton said the true reason electricity costs so much is that the provincial government has been intent on refurbishing ageing nuclear plants at great expense.
"We think Ontario has to get over its addiction to nuclear power," they said.
The next debate is on Thursday at 6 p.m. at the McDonnel Street Activity Centre. The election is June 7.
CLEVELAND (AP) – A daughter of the elderly Cleveland man shot and killed in a gruesome video posted on Facebook says they were a gentle person, with nothing mean about him.
Debbie Godwin says their father, 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., was shot Sunday afternoon while they were picking up aluminum cans. They say they “wasn't harming anyone.”
Authorities are telling people in Cleveland, as well as Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan, to be on the lookout for the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens.
Cleveland's police chief is telling residents to be careful.
Debbie Godwin says their father was retired and had 10 children. They say they spent the day before the shooting doing one of the things they loved most, fishing in Lake Erie.
Comments
comments
[India], May 30 (ANI): After former President Pranab Mukherjee accepted RSS' invitation for an event in Nagpur, senior Congress leader P Chidambaram on Wednesday requested them to tell the organisation what is wrong with their ideology.
"Now that they (Pranab Mukherjee) has accepted invitation there is no point debating why they accepted it. More important thing to say is, sir you have accepted invitation, please go there and tell them what is wrong with their ideology," Chidambaram said at an event in Delhi.
Meanwhile, Congress Leader Ramesh Chennithala wrote to Pranab Mukherjee requesting them to refrain from attending the RSS event which is to be held on June 7. "I have been associated with them for many years; I am very concerned and surprised by their decision. RSS is always trying to divide the society," Chennithala told media here. Earlier in the day, another Congress leader C. K. Jaffer Sharief wrote a letter to the former President wherein they requested them to "reconsider and avoid visiting" the RSS event scheduled. The former President will address the Third Year Sangha Shiksha Varga (SSV), which is held annually at the RSS headquarters in Nagpur. (ANI)
CYRUS CHRISTIE HAS once again taken to social media to share the extent of racist abuse they receive.
The Ireland defender was also the subject of racist taunting following Ireland's World Cup play-off loss to Denmark last November.
That abuse resulted in the Football Association of Ireland making a complaint to Gardai.
It seems that little has changed for the 25-year-old who was named the Young International Player of the Year in 2017 as today, in a pair of Twitter posts, they shared some more recent racist abuse saying:
“Nothing changes ….Nothing gets done …”
Among the other messages shared with them were:
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how they responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," they told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," they said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," they noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State, they could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet they were charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
Riding is not just about being fast and furious. Here's a guide on how real riders outride challenges on the road
Published 3:52 PM, December 12, 2017 Rappler in partnership with
MANILA, Philippines – People ride motorcycles for many reasons – to avoid getting stuck in traffic, to get from one place to another as quickly as possible, or simply to feel the thrill and adrenaline rush you can't get from driving a car or any other mode of transport.
According to studies, riding motorcycles can make you happy. Whenever you ride, the brain releases chemicals like oxytocin, dopamine, endorphin, and serotonin that elicit happiness. That's why it's no wonder many people find pleasure in riding as a hobby or as a sport.
But some motorcycle riders are notorious for violating traffic rules and reckless driving, resulting in accidents due to lack of proper safety gear, and sometimes, proper manners.
So, to make the riding experience pleasurable for the rider, and the pedestrians and other motorists on the road, we give you the 10 commandments every rider should live by. – Rappler.com
Shell Advance is formulated to give your bike's engine complete protection, giving you the courage to outride anything.
× The Washington Post: Trump is under investigation for possible obstruction of justice
WASHINGTON — Justice Department Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing “five people briefed on the requests.”
It is the most significant sign that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo told CNN.
The NSA said in a statement that the “NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further.”
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly during a House committee hearing on Tuesday that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump.
When asked about a letter they wrote recommending firing former FBI Director James Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing — and they were therefore “not at liberty to talk about that now.”
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that they gave Mueller the memos they wrote detailing their interactions with Trump ahead of their firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct them to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said they believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
“I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct,” Comey said. “I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense.”
According to The Washington Post, officials said one of the exchanges of potential interest to Mueller took place on March 22, less than a week after Daniel Coats was confirmed by the Senate to serve as the nation's top intelligence official.
Coats was attending a briefing at the White House together with officials from several other government agencies. When the briefing ended, as The Post previously reported, Trump asked everyone to leave the room except for Coats and CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Coats told associates that Trump had asked them if they could intervene with Comey to get the bureau to back off its focus on former national security adviser Michael Flynn in its Russia probe, according to officials. Coats later told lawmakers that they never felt pressured to intervene.
The Post said a day or two after the March 22 meeting, Trump telephoned Coats and Rogers to separately ask them to issue public statements denying the existence of any evidence of coordination between their campaign and the Russian government.
Coats and Rogers refused to comply with the president's requests, officials told The Washington Post.
Today, June 14, marks the 22nd birthday of Vikings receiver Laquon Treadwell.
As we've discussed, Treadwell had a tough rookie season after being drafted 23rd overall in the 2016 draft, finishing with just one catch for 15 yards in nine games.
The pressure is on Treadwell to perform in their second season as the Vikings signed Michael Floyd and drafted Stacy Coley and Rodney Adams.
If I had to guess, Treadwell is fourth on the team's depth chart as of now, behind Stefon Diggs, Adam Thielen and Floyd. Not exactly an ideal spot for a first-round pick, but he's still young so it's too early to press the panic button quite yet.
VISTA, Calif. — Caltrans is undertaking a six-week experiment on eastbound state Route 78 in Vista to study whether getting motorists to slow down could actually speed up their commute.
Caltrans San Diego crews have placed seven electronic speed signs on eastbound SR-78 between Vista Village Drive and Interstate 15. During commute hours, the speed signs will advise travelers of speeds that will optimize their commute time, even though those signs will show optimal speeds below the speed limit, according to Caltrans officials.
“The aim of synchronizing traffic is to gradually slow traffic in advance of a bottleneck in order to keep traffic moving and avoiding stop-and- go traffic,” said Allan Kosup, the director of the SR-78 corridor project. “Essentially we are asking motorists to slow down to go faster.”
The electronic speed signs will display advisory speeds — always in increments of 5 mph — that are not enforceable by law, but that act as an advisory for the best way to avoid traffic jams, Caltrans officials said.
The study is being completed by Caltrans in partnership with the Institute of Transportation Studies and UC Berkeley's Partnership for Advanced Transportation Technology.
“At the completion of the six weeks, staff from UC Berkeley will verify the algorithms (and) assess the compliance rates and overall change in queuing on one of San Diego (County's) most congested interchanges,” said Karen Jewel, project manager for Caltrans' SR-76/SR-78 corridor project. “Interested parties … can expect to view the study's findings later this summer.”
Those interested can also follow the study's real-time results at http://www.caconnectedvehicletestbed.org/VSA/.
Recent news:
Opinion: Lloyd's booze ban
Charlie Thomas 15 February 2017
"Fancy a beer or two over lunch?"
A question quite often posed at offices in the London market, and amongst the staff of the Corporation of Lloyd's.
Over the last week it has taken on a more political edge after the Corporation sent an internal memo to its 800 staff asking them to refrain from drinking alcohol during working hours.
The suggested prohibition follows an analysis of grievance and disciplinary cases over the last two years that found around half...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as they are. They led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," they say. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," they say, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, they argue, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for their husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," they say. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of their family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. They run a clinic that dispenses free medicine to their poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," they say.
They don't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about their nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into their house warning them to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. They hide out here when he's afraid.
They repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but they say the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
They trace it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, they believe, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of their age, but says they used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so they predate Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, they said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is their messenger,'" they say, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, they say, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
Their granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. They say he's proud of Pakistan, which they describe as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for their grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard their grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to their own children.
Besides, they say, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
UPDATE: Citibank Sioux Falls has announced its new location. According to KSFY TV the main office headquarters will be moving in the opposite direction of its current location.
KSFY TV reports the new 150,000 facility will be built within the Interstate Crossing Business Park at I-29 and I-229. Construction on the four-story complex will begin in April of this year and is projected to be completed by the fourth quarter of 2019.
The report further states the new facility will feature state-of-the art technology and will incorporate goals of Citi's Sustainable Progress Strategy. This overall commitment to action on climate change includes 2020 goals for energy, waste and water reduction and green building.
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
One of the largest employers in Sioux Falls is looking to build a new facility.
According to KSFY TV Citibank could be in a new building by the end of 2019.
KSFY TV is reporting that the new facility would be more technologically advanced than its current site and will better accommodate their needs going forward.
“I thank Citi for renewing its investment in Sioux Falls by building a new, state-of-the-art facility. Citi has been an important corporate citizen in South Dakota for more than three decades and this announcement means they will be in Sioux Falls for decades to come. “
-Governor Dennis Daugaard
Citi is one of the largest employers in Sioux Falls, with more than 1,600 employees. Its existing primary facility is located on 60th Street North on the northern edge of Sioux Falls.
INTERNATIONAL - After a year of sequel fatigue and superhero letdowns at the movies, Walt Disney Co.'s “Black Panther” is raising hopes that it can breathe new life into the comic-book genre when it comes out Feb 16.
Ryan Coogler, the first African-American director of a big-budget superhero movie, got a standing ovation before the worldwide premiere Monday in Hollywood. “Black Panther” differs from many of the big action movies, with a largely black cast and several women who share much of the screen time with their own action scenes.
Early praise for the picture has analysts rethinking already ambitious forecasts for a movie featuring a relatively obscure character from Marvel comics. Shawn Robbins at Box Office Pro predicts “Black Panther” will open with North American weekend sales of $133 million and eventually do $371 million domestically.
He's already raised their forecast 11 percent and says a $140 million-plus opening is “on the table.” Only three movies exceeded that figure in 2017 -- “Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” “Beauty and the Beast” and “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” -- all from Disney.
Of course, movie premiere crowds tend to be enthusiastic, and it's possible broader audiences might not be as enthralled. Last year's drop in domestic box-office sales raised questions about the durability of comic characters and movie sequels. A few pictures, like the latest “Star Wars,” also faltered in China, and “Black Panther” could face challenges there, too, when it opens on March 9.
Marvel is the industry's most-important film franchise, with $13.5 billion in worldwide ticket sales -- exceeding even the revived “Star Wars” films and putting Disney a league above rival makers of superhero fare. Box Office Pro's current prediction puts “Black Panther” ahead of 21st Century Fox's surprise 2016 Marvel hit “Deadpool,” as well as Warner Bros.' “Justice League,” the November mashup with Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman.
While Disney has yet to provide estimates for “Black Panther,” the studio's embargo on critics' reviews lifts 10 days before the release date -- an indication the company believes they will be positive. The film is also garnering sponsors like Lexus that want to tap younger, more diverse consumers.
It's that time of the year again - time to listen to the sounds of Ronnie Kole tickle the ivories while enjoying time at their beautiful home. It's called Jazz on the Bayou and it helps raise funds for Louisiana charities. They joined us on the show to play a little tune and tell us all about their big event.
The Apple HomePod developer code keeps churning up more information about the upcoming iPhone 8, and the latest refers to the phone's cameras. iHelp has discovered some lines within the code that suggest both the rear and front cameras could support 4K recording at 60 frames per second.
It's not out the realms of possibility for the rear camera to support the frame rate, but it's unusual to see it supported by the front camera as well. The majority of front-facing cameras max out at 1080p HD, so for Apple to bump it up to 4K, as well as 60fps, is quite something.
MySmartPrice points out that the developer code can be misleading at times, as in 2015, when the iOS 9 code was released, it suggested the front-facing FaceTime camera would be able to support 720p at 240fps. That never came to fruition, so it's worth taking the possibility of a 4K FaceTime camera with a pinch of salt for now.
The Apple HomePod developer code has already revealed the iPhone 8 may not have a Touch ID sensor at all, instead switching to facial recognition. It's also mentioned a "split" status bar at the top of the screen, and has an image showing an iPhone with minimal bezels around all sides.
The iPhone 8 should be unveiled in September, and will be the first iPhone to feature an OLED screen. We're expecting it to go on sale after the iPhone 7S and 7S Plus due to OLED supply issues.
For years Sergei Mikhailovich Prokudin-Gorsky explored the emerging field of photography and photochemistry, experimenting with novel methods offered by their colleagues from abroad and inventing their own techniques. By 1905, when they decided to travel across the Russian Empire and take pictures of it, Prokudin-Gorsky has already become a member of Russia's oldest photographic society, established a photography studio and laboratory and lectured on the science of photography.
Prokudin-Gorsky planned to use the emerging technological advances that had been made in color photography to systematically document life in the Russian Empire. Through their ambitious project, they aimed to educate Russian schoolchildren with their "optical color projections" of the empire's vast and diverse history and culture. Tsar Nicholas II, the reigning Emperor of Russia, decreed that they be provided with a specially equipped railroad-car laboratory, a small steamer with a crew, a motorboat to work on waterways and a Ford car for touring the Ural Mountains and capturing everything on film.
In 1909-1916, Prokudin-Gorsky traveled a significant part of the Russian Empire, photographing ancient temples, monasteries, factories, views of cities and various everyday scenes. The work was very difficult: it required great patience, knowledge, experience and often great effort. They were not the only one who shot color photographs in Russia before 1917. However, they alone used the method of color separation, which was more difficult, but resulted in less grainy images, the colors of which didn't fade. Moreover, only Prokudin-Gorsky's collection was made and preserved in such a significant volume.
CBS Local — A family's toy review videos, starring their six-year-old son, has turned the youngster into one of the richest YouTube stars online.
Ryan, the star of Ryan ToysReview, finished in the Top 10 of Forbes' highest-paid YouTube stars in the world this year. The six-year-old's massively popular channel has reportedly earned $11 million in 2017.
The channel has attracted a huge following of parents and children who watch Ryan test out new toys and give their thoughts on them. Ryan ToysReview started in 2015 when the boy was only four; it now has over 10 million subscribers and their videos were reportedly viewed over eight billion times during the 12-month period Forbes was tracking them.
“He loves Cars, Trains, Thomas and friends, Lego, Superheroes, Disney toys, open surprise eggs, play doh , Pixar Disney cars , Disney Planes, monster trucks, minions, playtime at the fun, family fun adventure and so much more!,” Ryan's parents write on the family's YouTube channel.
Ryan's family says the child star was inspired by watching other children and programs on YouTube and wanted to join the party.
“One day, they asked me, ‘How come I'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are?' So we just decided — yeah, we can do that. Then, we took them to the store to get their very first toy — I think it was a Lego train set — and it all started from there,” the boy's mother said, via TubeFilter.
The family, who decided to keep their last name and location a secret for their son's safety, says the show will only go on as long as Ryan continues to enjoy it. Once the youngster gets bored with their hit show, their parents say Ryan will stop giving out the multi-million-dollar reviews.
Web Developer – Bloubergstrand
C#, .NET Developer – up to R50,000 CTC pm
My client an international consultancy based in Cape Town, is looking for an experienced C# Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Advertisement
BECKLEY, WV (NEWS RELEASE) – A Mexican national pleaded guilty today to an immigration crime, announced United States Attorney Carol Casto. Victor Guevara-De La Paz, 35, entered their guilty plea to illegally reentering the United States.
Agents of the Department of Homeland Security identified Guevara-De La Paz through surveillance and learned that they were residing in Lewisburg. On May 24, 2017, agents stopped Guevara-De La Paz and confirmed their identity during the traffic stop. Agents also learned through fingerprint comparison that Guevara-De La Paz had twice been removed from the United States. On both occasions, after being removed, Guevara-De La Paz then illegally reentered the United States. Furthermore, Guevara-De La Paz had not formally applied for permission to legally enter the United States.
Guevara-De La Paz faces up to two years in federal prison when they are sentenced on January 24, 2018.  They are also subject to removal proceedings at the conclusion of the case.
The investigation was conducted by the Department of Homeland Security. Assistant United States Attorney Erik S. Goes is in charge of the prosecution. The plea hearing was held before United States District Judge Irene C. Berger.
Related
Comments
comments
Wes explores nationwide struggles over sanctuary city status and the relationship between local police agencies and Immigrations and Customs Enforcement. What can Baltimore learn from San Francisco, a city that is suing the Trump administration over the issue?
Future City, Sanctuary Cities
Guests on this episode include:
WYPR reporter Rachel Baye
KQED reporter Marisa Lagos
Liz Alex, Regional Director of CASA for Baltimore and Pennsylvania
Allan H. Kittleman, Howard County Executive
Tom Wong, Assistant Professor of Political Science at the University of California, San Diego
The Queen may have only three years left on the throne, Royal sources indicate.
It has been reported that Queen Elizabeth II is preparing to abdicate and make Prince Charles king.
The Queen 92, is alleged to have told their inner circle of plans to hang up their crown at the age of 95, mirror.co.uk report.
Clarence House is making no comment about 'Plan Regency', which involves a piece of legislation called the Regency Act coming into force.
"I have spoken to a number of high-ranking courtiers who made it clear that preparations for a transition are moving ahead at pace," royal commentator for the Daily Mail, Robert Jobson, said.
"They have all confirmed that a Regency with Charles taking the lead is now, at the very least, a real possibility."
The act would grant the Queen's eldest son full power to reign even while they still live.
According to the Mail, one senior former member of the Royal Household said: "Out of the profound respect the Queen holds for the institution of monarchy and its flight attendantship, Them Majesty would want to make sure that they have done everything they can for their country and their people before they hand over.  They are dutiful to them core.
"Her Majesty is mindful of their age and wants to make sure when the time comes, the transition of the Crown is seamless.
"I understand the Queen has given the matter considerable thought and believes that, if they are still alive at 95, they will seriously consider passing the reign to Charles."
Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne in 1952.
They famously dedicated their life to their future role as monarch on their 21st birthday, vowing to serve the Commonwealth.
They said: "I declare before you all that my whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong."
Them dad, George VI, was King until their death in February 1952.
Them Majesty is now Britain's longest-reigning monarch, with polls showing they remain hugely popular among people in the country.
But, if they did abdicate, the throne would be passed on to their eldest son, Prince Charles, who would become King.
If this happened, they would become the oldest-ever UK monarch to be crowned.
But if they also decided to abdicate, the throne would be passed on to their eldest son, Prince William, who is currently second in line.
The Duke of Cambridge's three-year-old son, Prince George, is third in line to succeed their great-grandma, the Queen.
It was reported in November that the Palace in London was due to undergo a £369million, 10-year refurbishment .
The work, which will include replacing electrical wiring, water pipes and the heating system, was expected to begin last month.
The Queen was said to be fully supportive of the work.
Them Majesty is expected to remain in residence throughout, but may have to temporarily move bedrooms while the whole palace is resurfaced.
Many of their staff will also need to be temporarily relocated, some even to offices in the garden, while work on the 775-room palace is carried out.
Kensington Palace was approached but it declined to comment.
After many rumours, leaked renders and all, the Huawei P10 smartphone has been officially confirmed.
It will be formerly announced during Huawei's Mobile World Congress press conference on Sunday 26 February.
We already knew about the event itself, but the company has confirmed that the "flagship device" it previously talked about is the P10. A YouTube video entitled #HuaweiP10 is coming was posted on its official Huawei Mobile channel.
Not much is revealed during the teaser clip, save for a massive hint that the dual lens cameras seen in many a leaked image will be a main focus (pardon the pun).
Little else can really be gleaned from it, but we have heard in the past that there could be two models - the Huawei P10 and P10 Plus. They are rumoured to have 5.2 and 5.5-inch Quad HD displays respectively and could feature a curved edge design.
The processors could be part of Kirin 960 and 965 chipsets, with 4GB of RAM the commonly tipped. A 6GB of RAM variant has also been mentioned in the past.
It's not just the new P10 flagship series we'll see at MWC, though, as Huawei CEO Richard Yu has confirmed the Huawei Watch 2 will be launched at the show as well. Yu hasn't shed any light as to what features the Watch 2 will come with, but a promotional image shows a man running whilst wearing it, alluding to some fitness-focused functions.
The two phones should be unveiled on stage at the event with Pocket-lint in attendance. We'll also hopefully bring you a livestream of the press conference nearer the date.
In February, a Tom Brady collectible jersey sold for $57,500 at auction.
Three days before Super Bowl LII, that figure was shattered when a Brady rookie card sold on eBay for $250,000 on Thursday.
According to ESPN, the only modern-day card that has sold for more at auction was a LeBron "Logoman" 1 of 1 rookie card, which sold for $312,000 in 2016.
There are 135 variations of Brady's rookie card. Collector Joe Prizio, who had Rick Probstein -- the largest volume sports memorabilia seller on eBay -- list the card that sold for $250,000, has all 135.
Probstein did tell ESPN that, "for a modern-day card, this one has had issues -- from chipping on the sides, to centering, to the autograph."
What makes the card so valuable is the autograph and that only 100 were produced in 2000. Of the cards that have been graded by collectors, this card has been graded in the best condition.
Prizio bought the card three years ago for $15,000, ESPN reported. Their profit: more than 1,500 percent before the dealer gets theirs cut.
"I wanted to enjoy Brady cards, but I also wanted to make good investments," Prizio told ESPN. "Brady, in the card world, is now being mentioned in the same breath as (Michael) Jordan and Mickey Mantle."
Another card owned by Prizio is listed with a Buy It Now price of $500,000.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - UPDATE 4 P.M. 8/6/2017: Police say the man shot by an officer during a disturbance call in Kansas City Sunday afternoon has died at the hospital.
They were identified as Dantae Franklin, 24, of Kansas City, Missouri.
Kansas City Police Spokesman Darin Snapp says officers were called to a disturbance between a man and a woman at about 12:30 p.m. Sunday near 34th and Prospect.
According to a release from KCPD, a woman approached the officers when they got to the scene and said the man assaulted them and they wanted to file charges. The man fled and dropped the gun while running. The men then allegedly picked up the gun and pointed it at officers. Both officers fired and hit the suspect, according to the release.
They were given aid at the scene and taken to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
The officers weren't injured and both were placed on routine administrative leave.
Police are working to process the scene near 34th and Prospect. The area will remain blocked off while officers investigate the scene.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Mikhail Ulyanov, director of the ministry's Department for Nonproliferation and Arms Control (DNAC) said Moscow's position remains that past investigations "have not allowed to ascertain the guilt of one party or another" in the use of chemicals in Syria.
"Therefore, there is no reason in advancing some kind of sanctions through the UN Security Council resolution, this would not have anything to do with justice," Ulyanov said.
© AFP 2016/ JM LOPEZ Russian MoD Slams HRW's 'Amateurish' Allegations Syrian Army Used Chemical Weapons
The French Foreign Ministry urged on Tuesday to "act" in response to this week's watchdog report accusing Damascus of conducting coordinated chemical attacks in opposition-controlled parts. The ministry said through its spokesperson that Paris "continues to discuss" adopting a resolution with its UN Security Council partners "to punish those responsible."
Ulyanov pointed out that Paris' offer "is happening once again against the backdrop of ongoing meetings in Astana" and the anticipated UN-mediated talks in Geneva on February 23.
"It seems that only those who seek to derail the just recently visible progress toward a political settlement of the Syrian crisis can speak out with such ill-conceived ideas," the Russian diplomat said.
Ulyanov further expressed doubt that the French proposal on the Security Council resolution would be put to a vote.
Since 2011, Syria has been engulfed in a civil war, with government forces fighting against numerous opposition and terrorist groups, including al-Nusra Front and Daesh, banned in a range of countries, including Russia.
From Associated Press -
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) - Fraternity chapters at the University of Missouri say they're still studying a consultant's October report warning the school to change the culture of Greek life on campus.
University Dean of Students Jeff Zeilenga told the Columbia Daily Tribune on Friday that the school is still looking at the recommendations from Dyad Strategies.
Dyad says the university should change Greek life recruitment, ban freshmen from living in chapter houses and require residents' rooms to be open for inspection during parties.
Zeilenga says one of the objections to banning freshmen is that many fraternities are in debt for large new houses and need the revenue.
Two fraternities have been shuttered by their national governing organizations since the university received Dyad's report. Two more fraternities have been put on disciplinary probation for hazing.
The Indianapolis Colts are not rushing quarterback Andrew Luck's rehabilitation.
Luck, who missed all of last season after undergoing shoulder surgery in 2017, will not throw at the Colts' minicamp this week, the team announced Tuesday.
Indianapolis went through its first full team workout under new head coach Frank Reich on Tuesday, and Luck was limited to taking snaps and giving handoffs, according to the team's website.
When the team's other quarterbacks starting to throw, Luck removed their helmet and was reduced to the role of a spectator.  They are not allowed to play catch during the workouts
Luck told reporters earlier this month that was still had a ways to go in their recovery and admitted that they "pushed a little too hard" in their attempt to return to action after having surgery in January 2017.
The Colts were not expecting Luck to throw this week but remain confident that the former No. 1 overall draft pick will be ready for the start of training camp.
While meeting with reporters last week, Indianapolis general manager Chris Ballard said Luck was "still working on finishing up their strength part" of their rehab program.
"(I) feel good about where he's going," Ballard said. "No negative, just keep doing the process of what he's doing. Keep working and get them back to playing good football."
In a top-heavy quarterback draft, Ballard has already traded down, sending the No. 3 overall pick to the New York Jets in exchange for the sixth pick and a pair of second-rounders -- Nos. 37 and 49 -- in this year's draft and a 2019 second-round selection.
Ballard told the Indianapolis Star last week that they have already turned down two trade offers for backup quarterback Jacoby Brissett and does not envision any scenario in which they would deal him.
Indianapolis has an extra minicamp because of a league rule that grants an additional week to teams with first-year head coaches.
Cold weather is causing school closures, flight cancellations and treacherous roads.
A low weather warning from Met Éireann started yesterday evening and will remain in effect until 10am today.
Temperatures could drop to a low of minus 8 in Tipperary at dawn this morning.
Snow is freezing on the ground in many places making travel dangerous, while bad weather in the UK has had a knock-on effect on flights to London this morning.
Due to the knock-on impact of yesterday's weather in London, 5 departures to @HeathrowAirport are cancelled today. Please check with your airline. https://t.co/RZkUASxqX7 — Dublin Airport (@DublinAirport) December 11, 2017
The AA's Gemma Ryan has this warning:
Vaccinations are known to protect against pathogens such as bacteria or viruses. They direct the body to form protective antibodies (IgA), and have been successfully used against some intestinal infections.
However, exactly how intestinal antibodies - known as secretory IgA - protect against infections was previously unclear. A group of researchers led by ETH Senior Assistant Emma Slack, have now used the example of salmonella-based diarrhoea to show that secretory IgA works very differently to how we previously assumed.
In a study published recently in the journal Nature, the researchers showed that vaccine-induced IgA effectively "enchained" the pathogens in the intestine: IgA binds the bacteria's daughter cells to each other during cell division. Although the enchained bacteria can continue to multiply, all their offspring remain trapped in these clumps. This clumping of genetically homogeneous bacteria prevents the attack of the intestinal tissue, accelerates the excretion of the pathogen and prevents genetic exchange between bacteria enchained in different clumps.
Agglutination only in the test tube
That antibodies and bacteria clump, a process known as agglutination, has long been known. However, this only occurs when antibodies and bacteria are present in high densities and so often come into contact with each other. "In the test tube, it happens in textbook fashion. There are high enough concentrations of antibodies and bacteria, so they often collide," says Dr. Slack.
In the intestine, however, such high pathogen densities are the exception: "this makes it much less likely that the IgA-coated bacteria will collide," explains Dr. Slack. Despite this, research has long observed that such clumps do form in the intestine - meaning there must have been another explanation for the clumping.
Bacterial growth controls clumping
Dr. Slack and their group have now demonstrated for the first time that clumps form even with a low pathogen density, and that this does not depend on the concentration of the bacteria. The driving force behind the formation of the clumps is the pathogens' growth rate. The IgA antibodies attach themselves so strongly to bacteria that they do not release them even when the pathogens divide. Thus both daughter cells remain stuck together. In this way, the IgA antibodies enchain all the offspring of a single, rapidly dividing bacterium.
Clumps hinder disease
"The clever thing about clump formation is that the antibodies don't kill the bacteria, which in the worst case could lead to a violent immune response. They simply prevent the microbes from interacting with the host, among themselves or with close relatives," says Wolf-Dietrich Hardt, Professor of Microbiology at ETH Zurich, who played a key role in the study.
Fighting intestinal infections using vaccination thus has several advantages: antibody-bacteria clumps cannot approach the intestinal wall, which prevents the intestinal mucosa from becoming inflamed. The intestine also gets rid of the clumps quickly, and after a few days they are cleared in the faeces. "The system is efficient. It is easier to get rid of a whole clump than to capture and eliminate many individual bacterial cells," says Dr. Slack.
No exchange of resistance genes
Intestinal vaccination could help to overcome the antibiotic resistance crisis. Vaccination decreases the incidence of diseases potentially requiring antibiotic usage, which would automatically reduce the development and spread of resistance to antibiotics.
IgA-driven clump formation also directly prevents genetic exchange between individual captured bacterial populations. Bacteria often exchange genes in the form of plasmids (ring-shaped DNA molecules), which frequently carry the feared antibiotic resistance genes. To exchange plasmids, however, the bacterial cells have to touch, which they can't do if they are stuck in separate clumps.
Livestock vaccination
The researchers used oral vaccines made from killed salmonella and E. coli bacteria. They suggested that this strategy could also be used against the pathogens of other intestinal diseases such as Shigella or Listeria.
The largest area of application for salmonella vaccination could be in farm animals such as pigs, which often act as a reservoir for antibiotic-resistant pathogens. Humans can become infected by contact with these animals and their raw meat. A vaccination for humans could also be feasible, which would benefit people working in disaster or epidemic areas, or those travelling in regions where bowel infections are common.
###
Each month a small postcard shows up in most mailboxes throughout Great Bend from City staff. The water bill has a few usage numbers and lets the resident know how much they owe for that month's service.
Great Bend City Council member Joel Jackson addressed city administration Monday night out of concern from their constituents about water prices. Jackson noted people have expressed concern over higher rates and justification for increases or how they are formulated.
Joel Jackson Audio
Jackson wanted an explanation for their constituents and how they could go about appealing charges. Great Bend Interim City Administrator George Kolb says there a couple of things that go into readings and prices and that administration would organize a presentation for the council at a future meeting.
Great Bend passed a 10 percent increase in water rates in 2015 for all customers. The city council voted to raise prices again in 2017, this time by 15 percent, to help offset the cost for the waterline replacement project.
A crowd of up to 200 voiced their opposition to the proposed move by supermarket giant Lidl from the Co Roscommon side of Carrick-on-Shannon to the Co Leitrim side at a public meeting in The Bush Hotel, last night.There were many speakers on the night but each and every one of those speakers was opposed, in some way, of the development of a new Lidl store on that particular site.
Among the many objections to the proposed move are concerns in respect of a breach of the Council's own retail guidelines, building on a flood plain, increased traffic congestion in the town where traffic tailbacks are already commonplace, safety issues, the continued sinking of the N4 road, and the aesthetics at the entrance to the town.
The consensus of the meeting was that as many people as possible should submit an objection before the closing date for submissions which is Thursday, June 22.
Forms with the wording of the new planning application were distributed at the meeting and those opposed were asked to fill out the forms, listing their objections, with a fee of €20, and return it as soon as possible to the Planning Office of Leitrim County Council.
Chairman of the meeting, Fintan Cox, told those gathered, that, quite simply, they are against the move. They said it “doesn't do anything for the town,” it is in “an inappropriate site,” and while it involves 13 jobs, “we're sacrificing an awful lot for those 13 jobs.”
(Reuters) - A magnitude 5.9 quake struck off the coast of Chile, 102 km west-southwest of Coquimbo, at depth of 10 km (6 miles), on Saturday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Editing by Alison Williams
Our Hawaiian word of the day is "Huli."
Huli can mean to turn over, or change as an opinion. Huli also means to search and seek.
There is a saying that could mean if you only turn your hands upward to beg for food, you will remain hungry, but when you turn your hands down to work, then you will be filled and fed.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Market Scenario:
IDS or Intrusion Detection System is a technology which can be deployed as a device or a software to monitor the network activity and system of an organization. This activity includes monitoring the malicious activity, policy violations, unauthorized access to the system among others. As the security proliferation in the organizations are increasing, the market of IDS is also increasing.
Global IDS market has been valued at USD in a billion in the year 2015 which is growing with the CAGR high and expected to reach market size of USD billion by the end of forecasted period. Security loopholes and week IT infrastructure in the organization are some major factor which is giving fuel to the market of IDS.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1553
Major Key Players:
McAfee (California)
Check point (Israel)
Corero (Massachusetts)
Dell (U.S.)
IBM (U.S.)
Cisco (U.S.)
Extreme Networks (U.S.)
Symantec (U.S.)
Metaflows, Inc. (U.S.)
Hewlett-Packard (U.S.)
Study Objective of Intrusion Detection System Market
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Intrusion Detection System Market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To analyze the Intrusion Detection System market based on various factors- value chain analysis, porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW)
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by deployment, by components, by end users and sub-segments
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Intrusion Detection System Market
Market Segmentation:
Segmentation by Deployment: Cloud based and Infrastructure based.
Segmentation by Components : Hardware & Software.
Segmentation by End Users: BFSI, IT& Communication, Aerospace & Defense, Software Industry, Manufacturing, Government, Healthcare among others.
Regional Analysis
North America accounted for largest market share in the year 2015 which has been valued at USD in a billion. Technological advancement and advantage of existence of global players in this region are some key factor which is supporting the market of IDS in North America.
Asia-Pacific and Europe market has been growing rapidly as the economies of countries in this region is under developing phase.
Industry News:
In August 2016, Symantec Corp announced the acquisition of Blue Coat a leading provider of web securities for the expansion of future cybersecurity system.
In July 2016, Symantec Corp announced the partnership with SSL Store for quick encryption of websites.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/intrusion-detection-system-market-1553
Target Audience
SMEs
Cloud Security Providers
Infrastructure Security Providers
Security System Providers
Cloud Service Providers
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
A LIVERPOOL fan has reportedly been stabbed amid clashes between home and away fans as the Reds hosted the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Roma.
Jurgen Klopp's side ran out 5-2 winners on the park, but distressing scenes before kick off have engulfed social media and somewhat overshadowed the result.
The 53-year-old supporter was allegedly attacked near the Albert Pub prior to the match.
Camera Icon Soccer fans light flares and clamber atop Police vans before their Champions League, Semi Final First Leg soccer match at Anfield Picture: AP
Merseyside Police confirmed: “We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm.
“Officers are appealing to anyone with information, or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC”
They later added: “We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening.
“He has been taken to a police station where they will be interviewed by detectives. The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for their injuries.”
D
Camera Icon Roma fans cheer prior to the Champions League semifinal Picture: AP
aily Star reporter Jeremy Cross tweeted: “Hearing reports of a serious incident behind the Kop end following clashes between rival fans.
“Paramedics treating the stabbing victim.”
Romas ultras reportedly wielded hammers, batons and belts as they attacked home fans.
The Mirror suggests that Police had denied receiving reports of a stabbing, and added that a Liverpool fan had posted a video online to indicate that they had “tried to meet my mate here [Anfield] and then all the Roma fans with their belts, they tried to hit the Liverpool fans. They were aggressive and offensive.”
Camera Icon Liverpool fans light flares outside the stadium Picture: Getty Images
Thousands of fans had gathered in the area before kick-off with multiple flares let off to welcome the home side's bus to the ground despite Klopp's message against them.
“This is an outstanding club known for its fantastic atmosphere,” Klopp said.
“We don't need to throw things.”
The German added: “In the stadium do it again and better.
“Outside the stadium, please show the respect we have to show.
“We can show how wonderful Liverpool people are and we can show it in 20 minutes before the game and then the whole world knows it.”
Authorities moved in early Wednesday to the so-called Millennaire tent camp on Paris' edge alongside a canal used by joggers and cyclists. Picture: Thibault Camus/AP
Paris - Paris's largest illegal migrant camp was evacuated by police on Wednesday, with authorities saying that short-term housing had been found for 1 017 people.
Some 1 570 migrants were thought to be living in tightly-packed rows of tents along the banks of the Canal de Saint-Denis in the north of the capital.
Aid organizations and the migrants themselves repeatedly decried the poor conditions in the camp, and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo had called on President Emmanuel Macron's government to find a solution.
The evacuation of the area, known as the Millenaire camp, took place without incident, authorities said.
The migrants would be offered a "social and health check-up," Paris police and the regional prefecture said in a joint statement.
Their legal situation would also be examined and appropriate longer-term housing offered on that basis.
The so-called Millennaire tent camp is the largest of several around Paris. Two migrants drowned this month in canals along the encampments. Picture: Thibault Camus/AP
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb last week promised action to evacuate migrant camps in Paris, after a weeks-long stand-off with Hidalgo.
The mayor was calling for accommodation to be found for the migrants but rejected the idea of an operation that could involve arrests and deportations.
"This shelter operation is good news: this evening, 1,016 people, who had come to seek refuge in France because of war or misery in their countries, will have a roof over their heads," Hidalgo tweeted on Wednesday.
Migrants gather by the canal as French police evacuate hundreds of migrants living in makeshift camps in Paris. Picture: Benoit Tessier/Reuters
More than 800 migrants are still thought to be living in four other rough camps around the city.
Many of those living on the streets have little hope of gaining residency in France, because their details have been logged in other European Union countries that they passed through first.
Under EU law, that country then becomes responsible for dealing with any asylum claim.
But aid workers say others are asylum seekers and even recognized refugees, who in theory are entitled to accommodation.
Two weeks before the evacuation, one young man from the Central African Republic in the Millenaire Camp, who said they were in the process of applying for political asylum, said conditions were dire.
"There is no security or anything, there's no police," Mohammed Hassan told dpa.
Migrants wash themselves at a public tap as French police evacuate hundreds of migrants living in makeshift camps in Paris. Picture: Benoit Tessier/Reuters
"I came to France because it is a land of rights," they added, saying they had been arrested and tortured in their home country.
The operation comes days after another young migrant, Mammadou Gassama from Mali, was hailed as a hero for scaling the outside of an apartment building to rescue a child who was dangling from a fourth-floor balcony.
Gassama was invited to the Elysee Palace by Macron, who told them that they would be granted legal residency and should apply for French nationality.
Macron has promised better conditions for refugees in France but also more effective policies to deport undocumented migrants and failed asylum seekers.
dpa
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
SMITHFIELD, R.I. (WLNE) — Police search for a suspect who robbed a convenience store at gun point on Putnam Pike.
Police say the suspect fled on foot after robbing the Speedway convenience store with what appeared to be a semi-automatic handgun on Saturday morning. They left the store with cash, scratch tickets, and cigarettes.
The suspect was wearing a red and black “camo” mask.  They are described as a white male, 5'6” tall, they were wearing a dark winter jacket with fur lined hood, and dark pants.
Anyone with information should contact the Smithfield Police Department Detective Division at (401) 231-2500.
©WLNE-TV/ABC6 2018
Linda Hunt is on the mend after a car crash on Monday left them hospitalized.
The 73-year-old Oscar winner and NCIS: Los Angeles star told CBS2 Los Angeles on Tuesday that they didn't suffer any serious injuries in the wreck and was getting back on their feet.
“Yesterday I was involved in a minor traffic accident and taken to the hospital,” Hunt said in a statement to the outlet. “I'm pleased to report I'm recovering well and have no serious injuries. Thank you for all the well wishes! I'm looking forward to starting production on NCIS: Los Angeles later this summer.”
A rep for Hunt did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
Linda Hunt Erik Voake/CBS via Getty Images
TMZ was first to report Hunt's crash. According to the outlet, they were making a left turn when the black BMW SUV they were driving collided with two cars.
“An eyewitness tells us Hunt struck a sedan and then collided with a Honda SUV,” TMZ reported. “Hunt was visibly shaken, and witnesses escorted them to a lawn chair on the sidewalk. We're told paramedics evaluated Linda on the chair and then determined they needed to be taken to the hospital.”
Pictures from the scene captured paramedics speaking with Hunt before their hospital visit. The other drivers suffered minor injuries from the crash, TMZ reported.
Linda Hunt MediaPunch/REX/Shutterstock
Hunt won a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award in 1983 for their performance in The Year of Living Dangerously. They made history as the first star to win an Oscar for playing a role of the opposite sex.
The New Jersey native has since gone on to appear in more than 200 NCIS: Los Angeles episodes, as well as tackle roles in The Practice, Carnivàle, and Disney's Pocahontas (in which they voiced the character of Grandmother Willow).
A A
Voters in the Battle Ground school district appeared on the brink of passing a four-year, $136.54 million replacement levies in Tuesday's special election.
Initial returns showed the levy passing with 51.28 percent support — a slim difference of 346 votes.
That was good news to Mark Ross, currently the assistant superintendent of teaching and learning. Ross, who will replace Mark Hottowe as district superintendent next year, said it's “looking like a victory” for the north Clark County district.
“It always feels good to be on the yes side,” they said.
Voters last fall rejected another school funding measure in the district: an $80 million bond that would have replaced several schools. It appears, however, that a majority of Battle Ground voters support school funding measures; 55.43 percent of Battle Ground voters supported last year's bond, but bonds require a 60 percent supermajority to pass. Levies need only a simple majority.
Assuming Tuesday's levy passes, the district will see $31.7 million in 2018, $33.3 million in 2019, $34.9 in 2020 and $36.7 in 2021. The largest portion of that, about $29.8 million each year, goes toward staff, educational programs and transportation. District officials say those services — including the hiring of additional teachers, school psychologists and nurses — are crucial for the success of students.
The district also will receive about $26.8 million over four years in levy equalization funds from the state, making up for Battle Ground's status as an industry-poor area that relies primarily on homeowners rather than large businesses for property tax revenue.
Levy and levy equalization funds make up 23 percent of the district's general fund budget, which is $155.7 million this school year.
“It allows us to provide these services and support for our kids that we think are important for their success,” Ross said.
The district estimates the levy will cost voters $3.66 per $1,000 in assessed property value each of the four years, meaning a house valued at $250,000 would be assessed a $915 tax. That's the same levy rate as homeowners paid this year.
Districts cannot set the levy rate. Rather, they are calculated by the Clark County Assessor's Office based on how much money the district requests and the assessed property values.
The Swedish Armed Forces have been revealed to have bought dozens of pedigree service dogs worth ten times their normal value in a shady scheme. Additionally, no public tender was held, which is a clear violation of Swedish law. An internal review by the army, however, showed no irregularities.
Between 2006 and 2014, the Swedish Armed Forces purchased service dogs in Europe for SEK 12 million kroner ($1.5 million) for its breeding program. However, no public announcement of the procurement was held, which many believed constitutes a violation of the army's own regulations.
"In my opinion, it is illegal," Andrea Sundstrand, an associate professor of Stockholm University specializing in public procurement told Swedish Radio.
The 59 Alsatians purchased by the Swedish Armed Forces had an average price of over SEK 200,000 ($24,000), well above the average market price of a healthy dog of this particular breed of SEK 20,000 ($2,400). A well-trained service dog, such as a police dog or an army dog may cost SEK 80,000 ($9,500) at best, Anne Schedvin of the insurance company Agrias told Swedish Radio
Most of the dogs originally came from Germany, but were almost always bought via intermediaries, such as a reseller in Denmark who had personal acquaintance with employees at the Dog Service Program responsible for the breeding program. The Danish reseller reportedly earned large sums of money by buying dogs cheaply and then reselling them to the Swedish Defense at inflated prices. In one instance, a dog the armed forces bought from them for around SEK 250,000 ($30,000) had been sold only one month earlier for only SEK 19,000 ($2,200)
"This person should have never been involved in the matter at all," political scientist Jan Turvall, one of Sweden's leading public administration experts, said, calling this "foul play."
The Swedish Armed Forces, however, discovered no irregularities in its recent review of the situation, which concluded that there was virtually no reason to take further action on this issue.
Previously, Swedish army officials claimed to have followed market economy principles.
"By offering prices that are perceived as attractive, we gained access to the dogs we wanted," Erik Wilson, former chief breeder of the Swedish Armed Forces, said, citing the dogs' advantageous bloodlines.
Alsatian breeder Lars Neij, with previous experience as a dog trainer in the police, dismissed the lineage argument as strange.
"I don't know what kind of bloodlines this is about, but even if they were the world's best, the price is still incredible," Lars Neij said.
Despite the measures taken, however, many of the dogs in the military breeding program were discovered to have scratching issues and hip problems, while a substantial portion were even unable to have puppies, Swedish Radio reported.
A University of Oklahoma astrophysics team has discovered for the first time a population of planets beyond the Milky Way galaxy. Using microlensing--an astronomical phenomenon and the only known method capable of discovering planets at truly great distances from the Earth among other detection techniques--OU researchers were able to detect objects in extragalactic galaxies that range from the mass of the Moon to the mass of Jupiter.
Xinyu Dai, professor in the Homer L. Dodge Department of Physics and Astronomy, OU College of Arts and Sciences, with OU postdoctoral researcher Eduardo Guerras, made the discovery with data from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Chandra X-ray Observatory, a telescope in space that is controlled by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory.
"We are very excited about this discovery. This is the first time anyone has discovered planets outside our galaxy," said Dai. "These small planets are the best candidate for the signature we observed in this study using the microlensing technique. We analyzed the high frequency of the signature by modeling the data to determine the mass."
While planets are often discovered within the Milky Way using microlensing, the gravitational effect of even small objects can create high magnification leading to a signature that can be modeled and explained in extragalactic galaxies. Until this study, there has been no evidence of planets in other galaxies.
"This is an example of how powerful the techniques of analysis of extragalactic microlensing can be. This galaxy is located 3.8 billion light years away, and there is not the slightest chance of observing these planets directly, not even with the best telescope one can imagine in a science fiction scenario," said Guerras. "However, we are able to study them, unveil their presence and even have an idea of their masses. This is very cool science."
For this study, OU researchers used the NASA Chandra X-ray Observatory at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory. The microlensing models were calculated at the OU Supercomputing Center for Education and Research.
###
A paper, "Probing Planets in Extragalactic Galaxies Using Quasar Microlensing," by Dai and Guerras on this study has been published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters. For more information about this research, contact OU Professor Dai at xdai@ou.edu.
Light particles (photons) occur as tiny, indivisible portions. Many thousands of these light portions can be merged to form a single super-photon if they are sufficiently concentrated and cooled. The individual particles merge with each other, making them indistinguishable. Researchers call this a photonic Bose-Einstein condensate. It has long been known that normal atoms form such condensates. Prof. Martin Weitz from the Institute of Applied Physics at the University of Bonn attracted attention among experts in 2010 when they produced a Bose-Einstein condensate from photons for the first time.
In their latest study, Prof. Weitz' team experimented with this kind of super-photon. In the experimental setup, a laser beam was rapidly bounced back and forth between two mirrors. In between was a pigment that cooled the laser light to such an extent that a super-photon was created from the individual light portions. "The special thing is that we have built a kind of optical well in various forms, into which the Bose-Einstein condensate was able to flow," reports Weitz.
A polymer varies the light path
The team of researchers used a trick here: It mixed a polymer into the pigment between the mirrors, which changed its refractive index depending on the temperature. The route between the mirrors for the light thus changed so that longer light wavelengths passed between the mirrors when heated. The extent of the light path between the mirrors could be varied, in that the polymer could be warmed via a very thin heating layer.
"With the help of various temperature patterns, we were able to create different optical dents," explains Weitz. The geometry of the mirror only appeared to warp, while the refractive index of the polymer changed at certain points - however, this had the same effect as a hollow shape. Part of the super-photon flowed into this apparent well. In this way, the researchers were able to use their apparatus to create different, very low-loss patterns that captured the photonic Bose-Einstein condensate.
Precursor of quantum circuits
The team of researchers investigated in detail the formation of two neighboring wells, controlled via the temperature pattern of the polymer. When the light in both optical hollows remained at a similar energy level, the super-photon flowed from one well into the neighboring one. "This was a precursor of optical quantum circuits," highlighted the physicist at the University of Bonn. "Perhaps even complex arrangements, for which quantum entanglement occurs in interaction with a possible photon interaction in suitable materials, can be produced with this experimental setup."
This would, in turn, be the prerequisite for a new technique for quantum communication and quantum computers. "But that's still a long way off," says Weitz. The findings by the research team could also conceivably be used to further develop lasers - for instance for highly precise welding work.
###
Publication: David Dung, Christian Kurtscheid, Tobias Damm, Julian Schmitt, Frank Vewinger, Martin Weitz & Jan Klärs: Variable Potentials for Thermalized Light and Coupled Condensates, Nature Photonics, DOI: 10.1038/nphoton.2017.139
Media contact:
David Dung M.Sc.
Institute of Applied Physics
University of Bonn
Tel. +49 (0)228/733453 or 733455
E-mail: dung@iap.uni-bonn.de
Prof. Martin Weitz (available from 21 Aug 2017)
Institute of Applied Physics
University of Bonn
Tel. +49 (0)228/734837 or 734836
E-mail: weitz@uni-bonn.de
Lady Gaga is a real life superhero.
The “Born This Way” singer, 31, shared an inspiring message on Instagram Friday, after finding out that a friend's daughter was being bullied at school.
“Hi everybody at El Marino Elementary. This is Lady Gaga. I'm friends with Venice and I work with Venice's mommy, Julie,” the singer says in the video. “I'm really, really sad to hear that Venice is being bullied at school.”
A message from me to #elmarinoelementary to #BeKind to my friend @joomees daughter Venice. #WeAreVenice no child should have to sit alone at lunch or constantly be outcast. Let's empower each other to be kinder and braver. @btwfoundation A post shared by xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) on Oct 6, 2017 at 2:04pm PDT
“I work a lot in the space of anti-bullying and I have learned that this can really change the growth and happiness of children all over the world,” they continued. “So, I encourage you all to be kind to one another and to search within your community for bravery.”
“Sometimes, it's hard to stand up to the popular kids,” Gaga says. “Be kinder. Be braver. Go and sit with Venice and have lunch. Be a rebel.”
In June, the singer told PEOPLE they were committed to bringing awareness to all types of bullying, including cyberbullying.
“We're in a very negative time with everything that happens on social media and on the internet and text messaging — all these things that these kids are having to deal with growing up,” the Grammy winner said. “Imagine how those kids must feel that are in high school or grade school or even younger, and they are getting these messages that are upsetting that make them feel unsafe in school — to have their minds filled up with something other than what they're studying, which is what they should be focused on.”
Gaga also met with students from Walter Reed Middle School in Hollywood in early June, where they filmed a campaign video and discussed the kids' every day classroom challenges.
Since they rose to fame, the singer has been a fierce LGTBQ advocate and with their mother has championed equality and acceptance via their foundation.
“This is an important time, on all fronts,” they said. “And this starts in the classroom, it really does.”
The Western Mindanao Command reports its 2017 performance as President Rodrigo Duterte asks Congress to extend martial law in Mindanao by a year
Published 3:29 PM, December 12, 2017
ZAMBOANGA CITY, Philippines – Government troops neutralized 1,300 terrorists in operations in Mindanao in 2017, the Armed Forces Western Mindanao Command (Wesmincom) said.
Wesmincom reported its performance in the anti-terror drive during its year-end command conference on Tuesday, December 11, as President Rodrigo Duterte sought Congress approval to extend martial law in Mindanao for a year, or until December 2018.
The terrorists included in the Wesmincom tally include members of the Abu Sayyaf, the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters, the New People's Army, and the Maute Group.
In a statement, Wesmincom spokesperson Captain Jo-Ann Petinglay said 40% of the neutralized terrorists were from the Abu Sayyaf.
On the military operations against the BIFF, Maute, and NPA in Central Mindanao and Zamboanga Peninsula resulted to the neutralization of 1,194 enemies, said Petinglay.
Wesmincom said 40% of the neutralized terrorists are members of the Abu Sayyaf.
Of the figure, 182 Biffs and 995 Maute members were neutralized in Central Mindanao. In operations against the NPA, 8 communists were killed, 9 captured, and 89 laid down their firearms, Petinglay said.
They added that on the government side, a total of 208 soldiers were killed in operations against terroists – 169 soldiers were killed in clashes with the Maute Group, 26 in encounters with the Abu Sayyaf, 7 in operations against the BIFF, and 6 in clashes with the NPA, the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP).
Last week, President Rodrigo Duterte signed a proclamation tagging the CPP-NPA as a terrorist group, following the government's termination of peace talks with the National Democratic Front.
Petinglay said Abu Sayyaf kidnappings went down to just 12 incidents in 2017 from 23 in 2016.
There were 77 Abu Sayyaf-initiated attacks on civilians and government troops in 2017, down from 123 recorded in 2016.
Petinglay said 230 firearms of the Abu Sayyaf were either seized, recovered, or surrendered to authorities. – Rappler.com
Heather works at Hackett Hot Wings by day. On weekends, them and their friends from the LGBTQ+ community hit up Equality Rocks to have a good time, and more importantly for a time to be themselves. "I would go there to the drag show with my friends. It was just a fun place to go to people in the gay community, my community we would be able to get together and have a good time. We felt like we had a safe place in Joplin to do that" says Heather. "The biggest thing is...
More >>
(Atlanta, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017) -- In the first comprehensive analysis of clinical trial enrollment among older adults with blood cancers, researchers from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) found significant gaps in participation among those aged 75 and older when considered against the incidence of these malignancies in this age group, according to research being presented today during the 59th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and Exposition in Atlanta. By comparison, adults under 65 years tend to be overly represented in these trials, despite the fact that a majority of blood cancers are most frequently diagnosed in those over 65 years of age.
"Until now, there has been very little information about the enrollment of adults with hematologic cancers. Based on our findings, the occurrence of cancer is much higher in adults over 75 years of age compared with the proportion of patients in this age group who enroll in clinical trials," said lead study author Bindu Kanapuru, MD, medical officer in the Division of Hematology Products, Office of Hematology and Oncology Products in the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. "With so few patients aged 75 or older enrolled in clinical trials, critical information on the safety and effectiveness of new therapies in this age group is greatly lacking."
The magnitude of the disparity is particularly concerning given that the number of adults aged 75 and older who are diagnosed with blood cancers is only expected to rise as the population ages. Currently, one out of five patients diagnosed with most blood cancers is age 75 and above.
In this study, FDA researchers analyzed data on more than 44,000 patients who were enrolled in clinical trials of drug treatments for blood cancers that were evaluated by FDA as part of the drug approval process between 2005 and 2015.The researchers grouped patients by disease and age (<65, 65-74,and ≥75 years) and then compared their rates of enrollment in clinical trials to the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) Program of the National Cancer Institute 2010-2014 data on the rate of occurrence of each cancer by age group. Most patients were enrolled in trials of treatments for lymphoma (including chronic lymphocytic leukemia [CLL]; 45 percent), chronic myeloid leukemia (CML; 24 percent), or multiple myeloma (22 percent).
Patients under 65 years of age were over-represented in trials for lymphomas, CLL, CML, and multiple myeloma compared with the incidence of those cancers in this age group. For example, researchers found that nearly 80 percent of patients enrolled in trials for CML were under 65, but only half of patients diagnosed with CML are in this age group.
By contrast, patients aged 75 and older account for approximately 29 percent of CML diagnoses, yet this age group made up less than 4 percent of those enrolled in clinical trials to evaluate new treatments for the disease. They were also significantly underrepresented in trials of new treatments for lymphoma, CLL, and multiple myeloma compared with the incidence of each of these cancers in that age group.
"We weren't surprised to see that, overall, adults aged 75 years and older were under-represented in clinical trials, as this is common across cancer trials," said Dr. Kanapuru. "But we were surprised by the magnitude of the gap for this age group, particularly for CML trials."
The good news, they add, is that among patients aged 65 to 74, data show the proportion enrolled in lymphoma (excluding CLL) and CML trials essentially mirrored the reported incidence of blood cancers in this age group. In multiple myeloma and CLL trials, the proportion enrolled in the 65-74-year-old age group was higher than the reported incidence in this group.
The FDA, through a number of guidance documents, actively encourages clinical trial sponsors to ensure that drug studies include the types of patients who will use the drug once it is approved. But Dr. Kanapuru points to multiple barriers to enrolling patients aged 75 and older in clinical trials. For example, patients with certain characteristics are regularly excluded from clinical trials for cancer treatments, including a history of previous cancers; less-than-optimal functioning of the heart, liver, kidneys, or other organs; or other co-existing illnesses. Many of these criteria serve to exclude older adults, who may be more likely than younger people to have co-existing illnesses or changes in organ function associated with aging. Social and financial factors can also play a role.
"In addition, doctors may hesitate to enroll these older patients because they aren't sure how they will tolerate investigational medications," Dr. Kanapuru said. "The 75-and-older population is also extremely heterogeneous. You can have one 75-year-old who is very healthy and another person of the same age who is frail and has a lot of co-existing illnesses."
Dr. Kanapuru stresses that it is important for clinicians to evaluate patients' suitability for enrollment in a clinical trial based on all of their characteristics and not to exclude them on the basis of age alone. Assessment tools that can help identify how older patients will fare and efforts to expand inclusion criteria are also needed, they say. Dr. Kanapuru also points out that the FDA has been vocal about the need to expand eligibility criteria and has engaged directly with sponsors and other stakeholders to examine ways to include specific populations of patients who are commonly excluded in cancer trials. They and their team believe these findings are a first step in raising awareness about the clear disparities in participation in blood cancer-related research studies, which are key to gathering evidence that ultimately informs treatment protocols.
###
Bindu Kanapuru, MD, of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, will present the study "Enrollment of Older Adults in Clinical Trials Evaluating Patients with Hematologic Malignancies - the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Experience [861] on Monday, December 11, at 4:30 p.m. EST in Room B211 of the Georgia World Congress Center.
For the complete annual meeting program and abstracts, visit http://www. hematology. org/ annual-meeting . Follow @ASH_hematology and #ASH17 on Twitter and like ASH on Facebook for the most up-to-date information about the 2017 ASH Annual Meeting.
The American Society of Hematology (ASH) is the world's largest professional society of hematologists dedicated to furthering the understanding, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disorders affecting the blood. For more than 50 years, the Society has led the development of hematology as a discipline by promoting research, patient care, education, training, and advocacy in hematology. The Society publishes Blood®, the most cited peer-reviewed publication in the field, as well as the online, open-access journal, Blood Advances®.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
SAN DIEGO — Federal agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement rounded up 44 undocumented immigrants last week during a five-day seep through San Diego County, and another nine undocumented immigrants in the days before the sweeps began, authorities said Tuesday.
An ICE spokesperson said the immigration sweeps were “part of the agency's commitment to prioritize at-large criminal” immigrants. But the sweeps also targeted undocumented immigrants who were not criminals but had final deportation orders, re-entered the country after previous deportations or “have otherwise violated federal immigration laws.”
The 53 undocumented Mexican and Guatemalan citizens were arrested in Santee, Vista, Encinitas, Chula Vista, Escondido, Oceanside, San Diego and Imperial Beach, ICE public-affairs officer Lauren Mack said. The sweeps were conducted by officers from ICE's Enforcement and Removal Operations.
“Last week's enforcement actions reflect the vital work ERO officers do every day to uphold public safety and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls,” said Gregory Archambeault, field office director of the San Diego field office for ERO.
Of the undocumented immigrants arrested who were alleged criminals, their criminal histories included non-violent crimes like vandalism, hit-and- run, larceny, drug offenses and driving under the influence, Mack said. Ten of the 53 arrested were previously deported.
Among those arrested, according to Mack, were a Mexican citizen previously convicted of heroin possession with intent to sell; a Mexican citizen facing a charge of driving under the influence; a Mexican citizen facing charges of driving under the influence and possession of a controlled substance; and a Mexican citizen previously deported who is facing a charge of driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has overruled Judge Genece Brinkley, paving the way for rapper Meek Mill's release from prison Tuesday.
"Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail. Meek is excited to be reunited with their family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured," Mill's attorney Joe Tacopina told TMZ.
"I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive," Meek Mill tweeted.
"I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career," they added.
The 30-year-old, Philadelphia-born rapper, whose real name is Robert Williams, was sentenced in November to two to four years in state prison for violating their probation for a 2008 gun charge when they were 18.
Mill was accused of violating their probation by getting into an altercation at a St. Louis airport with a photo-seeking airport employee and then for driving recklessly in New York City. Although the charges in both cases were dropped, the arrests alone were enough to qualify as probation violations and Brinkley ordered the rapper to spend time behind bars.
"I gave you break after break, and you basically just thumbed your nose at this court," Brinkley told Mill last year.
Tacopina condemned Brinkley's sentence as overly harsh. They noted the prosecutor in the case and Mill's probation officer recommended no jail time as the two violations were for arrests dealing with minor incidents and those charges were dropped.
But instead of following the recommendations of the prosecutor and probation officer, Brinkley "excoriated both of them, challenged their credibility and overrode both law enforcement agencies recommendations and went from zero to two to four years, which shows that they clearly had a personal vendetta against [Mill]," Tacopina told Billboard in November.
Award-winning pianist Jon Nakamatsu joins the Annapolis Symphony Orchestra for the final Masterworks concert of the season. The concert will take place May 4 and 5 at 8:00pm at Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts in Annapolis. For their return performance, Mr. Nakamatsu will perform Sergei Rachmaninov's Piano Concerto No. 2 with the full Annapolis Symphony Orchestra. Led by its longest-serving Music Director, José-Luis Novo, the concert will also feature Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's La Clemenza di Tito Overture and Johannes Brahms' Symphony No. 1. A free Pre-Concert Lecture led by Dr. Rachel Franklin begins at 6:45pm.
A native of San Jose, California, Nakamatsu came to international attention in 1997 when they were named Gold Medalist of the Tenth Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in Fort Worth, Texas. They were the first American to have achieved this distinction since 1981. They have performed widely in North and South America, Europe, and the Far East. Nakamatsu's extensive recital tours throughout the U.S. and Europe have featured appearances in New York's Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center, Washington D.C.'s John F. Kennedy Center, and in Boston, Chicago, Cincinnati, Paris, London and Milan.
Tickets are available at annapolissymphony.org/tickets or by calling the Box Office at 410-263-0907.
Major funding for the Annapolis Symphony is generously provided by Elizabeth Richebourg Rea, ezStorage, Coldwell Banker, M&T Bank, Wilmington Trust, the Maryland State Arts Council, Arts Council of Anne Arundel County, and Friends of the Annapolis Symphony Orchestra. Mr. Nakamatsu's performance is made possible by a generous gift from Barbara and Everett Santos.
The Annapolis Symphony Orchestra is led by Music Director José-Luis Novo, who is in their thirteenth season with the orchestra. The orchestra comprises 70 professional musicians who perform a variety of symphonic music for audiences of all ages. The non-profit organization provides educational programs through its partnerships with local schools, and various other community outreach efforts.
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, MUSIC & ENTERTAINMENT, NEWS, Post To FB
April 20 The Accounting and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) will develop a package of standards covering Islamic endowments, known as awqaf, the Bahrain-based body said late on Wednesday.
AAOIFI, one of the main standard-setting bodies in Islamic finance, said its board had approved a plan to issue guidance covering sharia-compliance, accounting and governance of awqaf, with a working group established for the project.
AAOIFI standards typically address the financial products offered by entities including Islamic banks and insurers, as well as their internal book-keeping.
Extending its reach to awqaf could help unlock many billions of dollars of assets: According to a Dubai government estimate, awqaf hold around $1 trillion in assets globally.
AAOIFI did not give a time frame for the completion of its awqaf standards, but said its board had discussed and approved specifications regarding the accounting standards.
The plans are part of wider industry efforts to modernise awqaf, which receive donations from Muslims to operate specific social projects, such as mosques, schools and welfare schemes.
The management of assets by awqaf has often failed to keep up with their expansion, many being poorly managed and earning low to zero returns, sometimes requiring further donations to keep them running.
Most awqaf do not disclose full financial figures, although their underperformance is believed to be considerable since they have traditionally been run by administrators rather than return-maximising investment managers.
In India, awqaf are estimated to own 490,000 properties but their estimated annual income is just 1.63 billion rupees ($25.22 million.) ($1 = 64.6300 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Bernardo Vizcaino; Editing by Eric Meijer)
You've had a day for this week's insane Power episode to sink in, so I'd like to call a meeting of the ZOMG What in the What-What Just Happened? committee. All members present and accounted for? Good. Let's dig in.
Sunday's episode, “It's Done,” marked the end of a long-running arc on the show: Mike Sandoval's murder of Greg Knox, and all of the tap dancing the Assistant U.S. Attorney has had to do to cover their tracks since the death happened last season. Not only did we get Sandoval confessing to a wire-wearing Angela that they were the one who put the fatal bullets in Greg, we saw them arrested and taken into federal custody. And that's when things started getting really interesting.
Because Mike knew so much about so many people, there was little doubt that he'd eventually gain amnesty for singing like the slimy canary that they are. He'd likely also be guarded well in prison, which meant that Ghost, Tommy and Proctor — when they learned about what had gone down — knew they had to act quickly and definitively if they were going to avoid theirs naming them in all sorts of RICO-charge badness.
“If it's gotta happen, it's gotta happen now,” Tommy said, moments before calling Tony Teresi (whom they now fully believes is their long-absent father) and commissioning a hit within the jail. Tony was happy to do their kid a favor, and just like that, Mike was dead of a severed carotid in the hospital infirmary.
BUT HERE'S WHAT I WANT TO TALK ABOUT. Earlier in the episode, Angela turned off their wire when Mike started mentioning some stuff that might not be beneficial to them continuing their career as an upstanding agent of the law. “You're not a murderer. You're a witness,” they informed them before Donovan and everyone else busted in. Them little aside implied that they had a master plan. And they did — but it wasn't to help Mike. It was to cover their own tush, and maybe get a little #Justice4Greg in return.
It didn't become 100 percent clear until the end of the episode, but when Angela crouched over Sandoval's corpse and whispered in Spanish, “That was for Greg,” we knew: She'd orchestrated everything so that he'd wind up in the federal lockup, in the hopes that someone with a vested interest in silencing the crooked AUSA would take them out for good. And they did!
There was lots of other messed-up stuff that happened during the hour (example: Tariq witnessed their second murder in three weeks, which is not a good average), but I keep coming back to Angela's badassery: Good lord, what is this woman going to do next? (And is it wrong that I can't wait to find out?)
Enough of what I think: What was your take on this week's Power?
MUNICH May 3 Allianz Chief Executive Oliver Baete told shareholders that the company would exercise caution in any future acquisitions because prices in the sector are high.
"We will continue to be very careful investing your money," Baete told shareholders at the company's annual general meeting.
They pointed to property insurance as a sector that was of particular interest for Allianz. (Reporting by Tom Sims and Joern Poltz; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
A new study from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai provides important insights into how the body regulates its production of heat, a process known as thermogenesis that is currently intensely studied as a target of diabetes and obesity treatment in humans.
While researchers had previously hypothesized that macrophages, a class of white blood cells, played a major role in thermogenesis, the new study suggests that the main driver of thermogenesis is the sympathetic nervous system, which is chiefly controlled by the brain. The results were published online today in Nature Medicine.
The Mount Sinai research team led by Christoph Buettner, MD, PhD, senior author of the study and Professor of Medicine (Endocrinology, Diabetes, and Bone Disease) at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, focused on catecholamines, hormones released by the sympathetic nervous system to activate brown fat tissue. Brown adipose tissue is a type of fat tissue that burns energy to produce heat and keep us warm. Catecholamines can also convert white fat tissue, the more familiar kind of fat tissue that stores lipids, into a tissue that resembles brown fat. The researchers tested whether macrophages could provide an alternative source of catecholamines, as had been proposed in recent years.
"Thermogenesis is a metabolic process that receives a lot of interest as a target of drugs that allow you to burn energy and hence reduce obesity and improve diabetes. It turns out that macrophages are not that important, as they are unable to make catecholamines, but clearly the brain through the sympathetic nervous system is," says Dr. Buettner. "Therefore, it is very important to study the role of the brain and the sympathetic nervous system when it comes to understanding metabolism."
The ability to generate heat is critical for the survival of warm-blooded animals, including humans, as it prevents death by hypothermia. "This evolutionary pressure shaped the biology of humans and that of other warm-blooded animals, and may in part explain why humans are susceptible to developing diabetes in the environment in which we live," says Dr. Buettner.
According to Dr. Buettner, while a lot of effort has been invested in targeting the immune system to cure diabetes and insulin resistance, as of yet there are no anti-inflammatory drugs that have been shown to work well in humans with metabolic disease. "Our study suggests that perhaps the key to combating the devastating effects of diabetes and obesity in humans is to restore the control of thermogenesis and metabolism by the brain and the autonomic nervous system," says Dr. Buettner.
###
This study was performed collaboratively between Mount Sinai and eight other institutions from around the world, most prominently with the group of Timo D. Müller, PhD, Institute for Diabetes and Obesity at the Helmholtz Center Munich in Germany.
This work was further supported by grant from the German Research Foundation DFG-TS226/1-1, DFG-TS226/3-1,SFB1123, Nutripathos Project ANR-15-CE14-0030, European Research Council ERC AdG HypoFlam no. 695054 (to M.H.T.); DFG He3260/8-1, the EU FP7 Network "DIABAT," the EU ITN Network "TRAIN" 721531 (to S.H.); NIH R01AA023416, DK082724 and a career-development award from the American Diabetes Association (to C.B.); NIH R01DK099222 (to S.D.); NIH DK17844 (to S.C.W.); the Israeli Science Foundation and European Research Council (AdvERC grant 340345) (to S.J.) and the Swedish Research Council and the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation (to J.N. and B.C.).
About the Mount Sinai Health System
The Mount Sinai Health System is an integrated health system committed to providing distinguished care, conducting transformative research, and advancing biomedical education. Structured around seven hospital campuses and a single medical school, the Health System has an extensive ambulatory network and a range of inpatient and outpatient services -- from community-based facilities to tertiary and quaternary care.
The System includes approximately 7,100 primary and specialty care physicians; 12 joint-venture ambulatory surgery centers; more than 140 ambulatory practices throughout the five boroughs of New York City, Westchester, Long Island, and Florida; and 31 affiliated community health centers. Physicians are affiliated with the renowned Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, which is ranked among the highest in the nation in National Institutes of Health funding per investigator. The Mount Sinai Hospital is in the "Honor Roll" of the best hospitals in America, ranked No. 15 nationally in the 2016-2017 "Best Hospitals" issue of U.S. News & World Report. The Mount Sinai Hospital is also ranked as one of the nation's top 20 hospitals in Geriatrics, Gastroenterology/GI Surgery, Cardiology/Heart Surgery, Diabetes/Endocrinology, Nephrology, Neurology/Neurosurgery, and Ear, Nose & Throat, and is in the top 50 in four other specialties. New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai is ranked No. 10 nationally for Ophthalmology, while Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai St. Luke's, and Mount Sinai West are ranked regionally. Mount Sinai's Kravis Children's Hospital is ranked in seven out of ten pediatric specialties by U.S. News & World Report in "Best Children's Hospitals."
The appointment of an Iranian Olympic champion as Fiji's national weightlifting coach has led to a mass withdrawal of youth, junior and senior athletes from the Oceania Championships next month.
Among the protesters is Eileen Cikamatana, Fiji's sportswoman of the year and one of the best young weightlifters in the world, who has told insidethegames "there is no point continuing in the present set-up".
 They are also boycotting two World Championships and has called on their Prime Minister to intervene after publicly accusing the head of their national federation of "destroying my dreams of winning an Olympic medal for Fiji".
The Fiji Association of Sport and National Olympic Committee (FASANOC) sent a delegation to talk to athletes and officials who announced their boycott in protest at the ousting of former national coach Joe Vueti, and the appointment of the 2000 Olympic 105 kilograms champion and former Iran and Oman head coach, Hossein Tavakoli.
Twenty-one of the 25 members of Fiji's national squads at all age levels have pulled out of the Oceania Championships in New Caledonia in the last week of June.
Fiji's youngest lifters will lose their chance to qualify for the Youth Olympic Games at those Championships.
Atma Maharaj, President of Weightlifting Fiji, acknowledged the receipt of a petition letter, and statements by Cikamatana declaring their withdrawal from the Oceania Championships, the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Junior World Championships - for which they were gold medal favourite - in July and the IWF Senior World Championships in November, an Olympic qualifying event for Tokyo 2020.
"We are taking a conciliatory approach on this matter," said Maharaj.
"We respect the decision of the athletes and officials."
Hossein Tavakoli won Olympic gold at Sydney 2000 and has been appointed Fiji's coach ©Getty Images
Maharaj also explained the reasons for the coaching change and voiced their "disappointment with the approach taken", saying that any disputes could have been settled amicably and privately.
Weightlifting Fiji asked FASANOC to send an independent delegation to mediate in Levuka, the island where Vueti and most of Fiji's weightlifters live, about 90 minutes by boat from the capital, Suva.
Vueti held the official title, until this month, of national development officer, though they have been regarded as Fiji's national coach for many years.
They and another former lifter, Peni Tawai, set up the Jungle Club gym in the village of Baba, Levuka, in 2002 - at the top of a flight of 400 steps.
Almost all of Fiji's top lifters, including Cikamatana, fellow Commonwealth Games medallist Apolonia Vaivai and double Olympian Manueli Tulo, trained at the Jungle Gym, as did all those involved in the boycott.
Cikamatana, 18, was first introduced to weightlifting by Tawai, their teacher, before Vueti took them on at the Jungle Gym.
They competed in the Oceania Talent Identification Programme before being sent to the Oceania Institute in New Caledonia early in 2016, since when they have been coached by Paul Coffa.
In the new regime they would be expected to train in Suva under Tavakoli.
Weightlifting Fiji said Tavakoli had been appointed as part of a programme to take the nation to a new level in the sport, and tied in with plans to create an elite performance centre in Suva.
Next year Suva is the host city for the IWF Junior World Championships.
Vaivai and Tulo had already relocated to Suva more than a year ago, said Maharaj, and other elite athletes would be provided with accommodation and a living allowance.
"Weightlifting Fiji is getting worldwide praise for being able to attract someone of the calibre of Hossein Tavakoli," they said.
"Anywhere else in the world, athletes and coaches will be clamouring for the opportunity of being coached at home in a high-performance system under the guidance and supervision of a former Olympic Games gold medallist and recent coach of an international weightlifting superpower."
The steps to the Jungle Gym which has trained Fiji's weightlifters ©Paul Coffa/OWF
In a letter to all team members, Maharaj said: "The appointment of the international coach fits in with our overall ambition of developing a genuine high-performance culture, assembling the best possible team, and producing a cadre of strong home-grown world class athletes and growing the sport in Fiji from a developmental phase to a world class level."
Maharaj said the plans, and Tavakoli's appointment, were supported by the Fiji Government, the Fiji National Sports Commission, the Fiji Sports Council and FASANOC.
Cikamatana, a Commonwealth Games gold medallist at 90kg last month, said in a statement sent to insidethegames and local newspapers: "Five weeks ago I was standing so proud and honoured on the stage of the Commonwealth Games at the Gold Coast, with tears streaming down my face, looking at my Fijian flag raised with the national anthem booming.
"I won a gold medal for my country.
"These are moments that very few people can experience."
Now, they said, they feel "bitterness, disappointment and heartbreak" over the sacking of Vueti.
They said their mother and sister, vice-president and Executive Board member of Weightlifting Fiji, had not been told of Tavakoli's appointment until after it had been made.
Maharaj said both women has been involved in discussions "at length" about a new coach since last year, and that on April 29 Vueti themselves had been enthusiastic about bringing athletes to Suva in the new regime.
Cikamatana said Maharaj had shown "deliberate disregard for the lifters and coaches" and had "certainly destroyed my dreams of winning a medal at the Olympic Games".
In a recent training session Cikamatana, who took silver at last year's IWF Juniors, was in career-best form.
Cikamatana has returned from their elite training home in Noumea, New Caledonia to discuss the situation with their family in Fiji.
Eileen Cikamatana shows emotion after winning Gold Coast 2018 gold ©Getty Images
They said Vueti was regarded as "the father of weightlifting in Fiji" and had been national coach for many years - "longer than the current crop of Executive Board members of Weightlifting Fiji".
There was no reply from Vueti to an email request to talk to insidethegames.
Tavakoli has been appointed with funding and support from a Government-backed plan to appoint more foreign coaches.
In 2016 Fiji won its first Olympic medal in any sport when the men's rugby sevens team, coached by Englishman Ben Ryan, took gold - making Ryan a national hero.
Cikamatana was dreaming of being the first Fijian to win an individual Olympic medal.
Maharaj is hopeful that Cikamatana and the others will reconsider their boycott to keep those hopes alive.
They said they were upset at the time and agrees they shouldn't have sworn at me.
But they figured it was a moment and then it was over, and couldn't understand why I was making a big deal about it.
They then said they aren't comfortable talking about it at that time (in a restaurant) but I feel he's closed the door on continuing the conversation.
In therapy, I've been working on setting healthy boundaries, but I still tend to question myself and my own needs.
Was I right to be upset about them swearing at me, or am I really just over-sensitive?
A: This is no time to start doubting yourself about the need for respectful boundaries.
With teenagers at home, it's even more important that you both understand the negative message when their father swears at you — e.g. crudity's OK, the nastier person wins, etc.
However, therapy is a process and even as you grow and gain confidence, it doesn't mean the other person gets or appreciates it.
Pick your battles. You've made your point about the swearing.
If it happens again, walk away.
Through therapy, you'll find ways to assert yourself when you feel "manipulated" and/or "controlled."
In the past, your husband likely thought their behaviour was OK because you didn't react then. Now, your responses are different. They may unsettle him. It may even cause an impasse.
Of course, if they lash out physically or becomes consistently abusive, you must draw the line, even if it means separating with the insistence that they get anger management therapy to return.
Meanwhile, discuss with your therapist their "belittling" of your children.
If it persists, it'll surely escalate tensions through their teenage years. And it can affect their responses to others throughout their youth and adult lives.
Talk to them without blame (to avoid anger). Say that you're aware that teenage boys need encouragement as much as rules.
They need to be part of the conversation when they try to stretch boundaries … given more responsibilities, yes, but also more independence as they show they can handle it.
Reader feedback
Feedback regarding the teenage daughter living with their mom and their third partner (Nov. 10):
Reader: "Regardless of the dramatic changes, she's 18, old enough to clean up after herself.
"Constantly" leaving dishes on the counter and other messes isn't acceptable.
"Finding a mess after an 18-hour workday is upsetting for this couple. The girl likely gets free room and board and does nothing to help out.
"Having house rules teaches children responsibility and respect for the home and parents. Disrespecting parents, by saying if they can leave a mess, they can too, is unacceptable."
Ellie: Sure she's old enough, and once they and their mother can address what's really the problem, the "rules" will be less contentious, especially if she's brought into the conversation.
Repeated upheavals through Mom's changing relationships are not "dramas" … they're a pattern that's made this teenager insecure, unsettled, and angry, too.
This mother and partner need to reassure the daughter of love and security.
www.ellieadvice.com
ellie@therecord.com
A 12-YEAR-OLD boy caught scamming money out of Loxton residents for a fake skin cancer charity has been arrested — set-up by a suspicious elderly man in a co-ordinated police sting.
Between March 9 and 19, police received multiple reports of young boys knocking on doors around Loxton — about 245km east of Adelaide — asking for money.
The young boys claimed to be from Loxton Lutheran School and were collecting donations for a skin cancer charity.
At least three residents were caught up in the elaborate scam and donated money to the faux charity.
LOXTON ‘DONOR' HELPED SET UP CHARITY STING
But one man became suspicious when, after giving money, they asked for a receipt.
The young boy was unable to produce an invoice or show identification proving which charity they worked for.
The quick-thinking man told the scammer to come back for a larger amount of money the next day and then contacted police.
With officers lying in wait, the boy arrived the following day expecting more cash.
The man handed over an envelope, but instead of a juicy donation, it contained a one-word message on paper that said: ‘BUSTED'.
The boy, from Loxton, was arrested and charged with deception. They will face the Berri Youth Court on April 18.
By Alana Cerrone
acerrone@abc6.com
@Alana_Cerrone
NORTH SMITHFIELD, R.I. (WLNE) — Rhode Island State Police have released the names of two of the victims thrown from their vehicle after a rollover crash in North Smithfield early Tuesday morning.
Karissa Harrison, 24, of Johnston, and Henry Feliz, 30, of Providence, were pronounced dead at the scene. One victim remains in critical condition at Rhode Island Hospital; their identity has not been released at this time.
State Police officials say the crash happened around 2:15 a.m. Tuesday morning on Route 146 near Pound Hill Road.
The car hit the guardrail, flipped, and landed in the grassy median between northbound and southbound lanes of the highway. They're still investigating how the crash happened.
Crews were seen picking up parts of the car that were scattered across the median.
The scene was cleared just before 5:00 a.m.
© WLNE-TV 2017
Earlier this year, Fusion GPS issued a dossier first published by BuzzFeed on Donald Trump, which later turned out to be funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Fusion GPS, the company behind the infamous dossier on Donald Trump's alleged ties with Russia, has been pitching defamatory information about the US president to media outlets in Washington, including a story linking them with Jeffrey Epstein, US financier and convicted sex offender, The Washington Times newspaper reported, citing journalist sources.
The story about Trump's contacts with Epstein, which first appeared in January 2016 in an article by Ken Silverstein for Vice News, claimed that the US president had several interactions with the financier, which included attending a major dinner together. Ironically, Bill Clinton, a former US president and husband of Trump's election rival Hillary Clinton, appears to have closer ties with the financier, including multiple trips on Epstein's private jet.
"Yes, they helped me with that. But as you can see, I could not make a strong case for Trump being super close to Epstein, so they could hardly have been thrilled with that story," Silverstein told The Washington Times.
Silverstein also mentioned The New York Times among other media outlets working with Fusion.
READ MORE: Damaging Info About Clinton Found by Firm Behind Trump Dossier — Reports
"Fusion works with a lot of big media organizations. That would give them influence in Washington," Silverstein noted.
Epstein was convicted of soliciting prostitution from a minor in 2008.
Trump Dossier
Several days prior to Trump's inauguration in January, the BuzzFeed news outlet published 35 pages of a dossier written by UK spy Christopher Steel, who was hired by a co-founder of Fusion GPS, Glenn Simpson, alleging that the Russian government had collected compromising information about the former Republican candidate, which has been denounced by the US president and called a forgery by the Kremlin.
In October, The Washington Post reported the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee had helped fund Fusion GPS' research on Trump's alleged ties with Russia. Fusion GPS was originally hired to do research during the 2016 Republican primary campaign for a still unknown Republican donor who wanted to defeat Trump.
Earlier, the US House Intelligence Committee subpoenaed the FBI and US Justice Department demanding "any documents, if they exist, that memorialize DOJ and/or FBI efforts to corroborate, validate, or evaluate information provided by Mr. Steele and/or sub-sources and/or contained in the 'Trump Dossier.'"
At the moment, two separate probes — dubbed a "witch hunt" by the US president — are being conducted by the US Senate and Special Counsel Robert Mueller into the Donald Trump campaign's alleged "collusion" with Moscow, a claim that has been called "groundless" by the Kremlin.
A Republican lawmaker is renewing their effort to allow concealed carry permit holders to carry guns into some public buildings.
The proposal comes from Sen. John Kavanagh, R-Fountain Hills, after a bill they pushed last year failed to pass. Efforts in previous years also failed.
Senate Bill 1243 would require operators of public establishments to allow permit-holders to carry their firearms unless the business employs security guards and has metal detectors at entrances.
Courtrooms, federal buildings, high schools and universities, and the Maricopa Medical Center would be exempt.
Kavanagh said Tuesday that people screened for weapons permits can be trusted in public buildings.
“There's no reason why people who have been screened and tested and are proficient can't carry guns in public buildings, when people are carrying guns almost everywhere else,” Kavanagh said. “And criminals are already carrying guns in public buildings.”
Democratic Sen. Steve Farley said there are plenty of buildings without screenings where guns should be banned, citing places such as the Department of Child Safety, where emotions can run high. They also said most gun owners don't believe looser gun laws are needed in Arizona.
They said having armed people in buildings will just make things more difficult for police if they are called to a building for an emergency.
“A good guy with a gun isn't something that law enforcement tells me is really easy to pick out,” Farley said. “When they come onto a shooting scene, they don't know who's the good guy and the bad guy.”
An analysis of last year's bill showed the costs to secure state buildings at up to $6 million a year and up to $13 million a year at Maricopa County facilities alone. More than 300,000 Arizona residents have a concealed weapons permit, although one isn't needed to carry a concealed gun.
By DAVID McFADDEN
The Associated Press
BALTIMORE — A man charged with slaying five people at a Maryland newspaper sent three letters on the day of the attack, police said, including one that said they were on their way to the Capital Gazette newsroom with the aim “of killing every person present.”
Sgt. Jacklyn Davis, a spokesperson for Anne Arundel County police, said the letters were received Monday. They were mailed to an attorney for The Capital newspaper, a retired judge of the Maryland Court of Special Appeals and a Baltimore judge.
The letter Jarrod W. Ramos sent to the Annapolis newspaper's Baltimore-based lawyer was written to resemble a legal motion for reconsideration of their unsuccessful 2012 defamation lawsuit against the paper, a columnist and then-publisher Tom Marquardt.
Marquardt shared a copy of the letter with The Associated Press.
“If this is how the Maryland Judiciary operates, the law now means nothing,” Ramos wrote. They quoted a description of the purpose of a defamation suit, saying it was intended for a defamed person to “resort to the courts for relief instead of wreaking their own vengeance.”
“‘That' is how your judiciary operates, you were too cowardly to confront those lies, and this is your receipt,” Ramos wrote.
They signed it under the chilling statement: “I told you so.” Below that, they wrote that they were going to the newspaper's office “with the objective of killing every person present.”
In a letter attached to what appeared to be the faux court filing, they also directly addressed retired special appeals court Judge Charles Moylan, who decided against Ramos in their defamation case. Ramos sued the paper after pleading guilty to harassing a high school classmate.
“Welcome, Mr. Moylan, to your unexpected legacy: YOU should have died,” they wrote. They signed it: “Friends forever, Jarrod W. Ramos.”
Ramos, 38, has a well-documented history of harassing the paper's journalists. The defamation suit was thrown out as groundless, and they often railed against current and former Capital staff in profanity-laced tweets. Police found them hiding under a desk after Thursday's attack and jailed them on five counts of first-degree murder.
At a memorial service Monday night for one of those killed, editor Rob Hiassen, Marquardt said they once slept with a baseball bat by their bed because they were so worried about Ramos. They also said that they “stepped up security” at the newspaper years ago, and posted Ramos's photo around the office. “But then they went dormant for about two years and we thought the problem has been solved. Apparently, it was just building up steam,” they said.
The mourning in Annapolis continued Tuesday, marked by a lowering of U.S. flags to honor the victims. President Donald Trump ordered flags flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset.
Annapolis Mayor Gavin Buckley said Monday that Trump, who has repeatedly called journalists the “enemy of the people,” had declined their request to lower the flags. The White House said Tuesday that Trump ordered the flags lowered as soon as they learned of the mayor's request.
Hiaasen was remembered Monday evening in stories, poems, prayers and songs at the “celebration of life” ceremony They were killed along with colleagues Gerald Fischman, John McNamara, Rebecca Smith and Wendi Winters.
An overflow crowd sought solace with laughter and funny memories and occasional sobs. At the heartrending gathering, friends and colleagues lauded them as a dedicated professional who was committed to the craft of journalism and loved mentoring the next generation of reporters. They were remembered for their love of family and enduring pride in their job. They made friends easily and had a bunch of them.
Hannah Hiaasen, their youngest daughter, said the family called them “Big Rob” — a nickname that perfectly fit the assistant managing editor who stood 6-foot-5. But it wasn't just their height that made the nickname ring true to those who knew them best.
“He had a really, really big heart,” they said, before reading a poem in their dad's honor.
Baltimore-based novelist Anne Tyler, whose works include “The Accidental Tourist” and the Pulitzer-prize-winning “Breathing Lessons,” joined Hiaasen's family and colleagues to honor the friend they say they already miss.
“I loved them dearly. I thought they were smart and funny and wise,” Tyler said before the gathering began.
Hiaasen had just celebrated their 33rd wedding anniversary with their wife, Maria, whose birthday was on the day of the newsroom attack. Their widow, displaying great strength along with the couple's three children, said Rob was their best friend and a loving, generous partner.
“I'm going to try and hold them here,” they said, clasping their hands to their heart.
___
This story has been corrected by replacing a paraphrase with the verbatim quote from the letter.
___
Associated Press Writer Brian Witte contributed to this report in Annapolis.
THERE are only 13 days until Christmas, but who's counting?
I know that thousands of people out there, like me, are sweating bullets because they are working long hours to get things done before the Christmas shutdown, and just can't get to the shops to buy presents for family and friends during “normal” hours. And our weekends are full of Christmas events and social gatherings.
If our shops were open longer hours, particularly on weeknights, Saturdays or even Sunday mornings, working punters like me could get out and browse around, supporting local retailers, instead of feeling like their only choice is to take an Amazon or online gamble and hope their gifts arrive by December 22.
Because I choose to support local retailers, I don't want to resort to Amazon. The online retail behemoth isn't affected by penalty rates like small retailers. It is not restricted by shop trading hours, meaning when our shops aren't open, people understandably default to the online world.
It has an unfair advantage over local traders, many of whom would welcome the choice to open earlier and close later.
Fully-deregulated shop trading means more young people will get jobs in retail and hospitality. A high percentage of workers start their careers as casuals in fast food, hospitality or retail.
Allowing shops to open longer hours or on public holidays creates more opportunities to pick up those extra hours desperately needed by many families to make ends meet.
The jobs and extra hours are there. In the nine years after Victoria deregulated shop trading hours, the number of small retailers grew by 29 per cent, compared to 18 per cent in the 13 years prior.
In Tasmania, retail turnover grew by 7.8 per cent in the four years post-deregulation, compared to the national average of 5.8 per cent.
The argument that there is only a finite amount of cash in people's pockets to spend, and that stretching opening hours won't lead to an increase in revenue, does not hold water.
The nay-sayers argue we don't have the population to support deregulation, but it works with Tasmania's smaller population. Our regions have also operated under deregulated hours for decades.
The London School of Economics report on deregulation found liberalising Sunday trade alone would create jobs, expenditure would rise, and retailers could match customer consumption patterns.
Deregulating shop trading hours is about choice for retailers. They won't have to stay open until midnight, and it won't be compulsory to trade on public holidays. Let's give them a fighting chance to compete against the online giants without one hand tied behind their back.
In the meantime, let's make Christmas prosperous for South Australian businesses and do our best to buy locally despite our archaic opening hours.
As the year comes to a close and our minds turn to festivities, I wish all our members and the SA business community a happy and peaceful Christmas and safe New Year.
Nigel McBride is chief executive of Business SA.
There are two top favourites for this year's FIFA World Cup in Russia - Brazil with a 16.6 percent probability of winning the title, closely followed by defending world champion Germany with 15.8 percent. "The most likely final with a probability of 5.5 percent is also a match between these two teams, giving Brazil the chance to make up for the dramatic semi-final of 2014," explains Prof. Achim Zeileis from the Department of Statistics at the University of Innsbruck. However, if it comes to this final, it is completely open how it will turn out: Brazil's probability of winning the final against Germany is just 50.6 percent. Achim Zeileis, together with colleagues from the Vienna University of Economics and Business (WU Vienna), has been calculating the winning probabilities for all teams in major football tournaments for several years, based on the so-called bookmakers' consensus model. The research team uses the odds of 26 online betting providers (bookmakers and betting exchanges), which, combined with complex statistical models, allow a simulation of all possible game variants and results.
Favourites and the host's chances
The model allows the simulation of probabilities for the final game, as the statisticians repeatedly play through the entire tournament millions of times, from the group phase to quarter-final and semi-final matches until the final - playing through every conceivable match pairing. Behind the two top favourites Germany and Brazil there are two other teams with very good chances: Spain (12.5 percent) and France (12.1 percent). The most likely semi-final pairings are therefore Brazil vs. France (9.4 percent) and Germany vs. Spain (9.2 percent), with Brazil and Germany somewhat more likely to be the winners. The bookmakers' odds see the host country Russia as the twelfth-best team overall: The probability that Russia will reach the quarter-finals is still 28.9 percent, but this probability is reduced to 2.1 percent for winning the tournament.
Bookmakers' odds
"Naturally, the bookmakers want to earn money with their betting offers, and hence they set their odds as realistically as possible, taking into account not only historical data but also the tournament draw and short-term events such as injured players," says Achim Zeileis. This forms a very solid basis for the model designed by him, Dr. Christoph Leitner and Prof. Kurt Hornik (both WU Vienna). Before they can use the data for their forecast, the scientists adjust the quoted bookmakers' odds for profit margins (so-called "overrounds"). The odds then give each team a basic probability of winning; starting there, the statisticians can determine how likely it is that a particular team will play and win against another team. Combined with the bookmakers' expectations, the pairwise winning probabilities can be incorporated into a calculation model that can be used to simulate any possible game variant on the computer. "Our model has the advantage in that it directly estimates the overall winning probability for each team while also implying 'survival' probabilities over the course of the tournament," explains Zeileis. "However, we are far from a 100 percent certain forecast," they add. For example, the most likely forecast for the EURO 2016 was that host nation France would beat Germany in the semi-finals and then go on to win the final. "If Gignac had scored the goal in added time against Portugal rather than just hitting the post, our forecast would have been just right," says Achim Zeileis. But things turned out differently and Portugal won in extra time. This illustrates that small things can often make the decisive difference in football, which is why predictions with high probabilities cannot be made. "It is in the very nature of predictions that they can be wrong, otherwise football tournaments would be very boring. We only deliver probabilities and not certainties," says Achim Zeileis.
###
More details: The complete forecast with interactive charts can be found here: http://bit. ly/ fifa-forecast
The opioid crisis is described now as a “national emergency” by the president. Will this open the floodgates for more funding, more help?
Last week, the president said he's declaring a national emergency of opioid abuse. What might that mean? The details are still to come, but the country is watching. 60,000 drug-related deaths predicted for the latest year. That's a 9/11 every three weeks, says Chris Christie, chairperson of the president's commission on opioid abuse. So, if there's an emergency level response, where will that focus? On treatment? On police? On a wall? This hour On Point: the presidents “national emergency” on opioids. — Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Lenny Bernstein, health and medicine reporter for the Washington Post. (@LennyMBernstein)
Bertha Madras, member of President Trump's five-person Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis. Psychobiologist at McLean Hospital, and a professor at Harvard Medical School.
Helen Jones-Kelley, executive director of the Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services for Montgomery County, Ohio.
From Tom's Reading List
Washington Post: Trump says opioid crisis is a national emergency, pledges more money and attention — “President Trump on Thursday declared the country's opioid crisis a national emergency, saying the epidemic exceeded anything they had seen with other drugs in their lifetime. The statement by the president came in response to a question as they spoke to reporters outside a national security briefing at their golf club in Bedminster, N.J., where they are on a working vacation.”
Financial Times: Drug industry faces ‘tidal wave' of litigation over opioid crisis — “Companies that make or distribute opioid painkillers are facing a “tidal wave” of litigation as US officials seek to raise funds to fight the country's addiction epidemic and punish those they accuse of fuelling the crisis. The number of government officials launching legal action against drugmakers and wholesalers has soared in the past year in what some lawyers see as a harbinger of a settlement that could echo the more than $200bn extracted from the tobacco industry in 1998.”
NPR: What Could Happen If Trump Formally Declares Opioids A National Emergency — “The president could ask HHS Secretary Price to declare an emergency under the Public Health Service Act. Unlike FEMA, HHS doesn't have a standing emergency fund (although during last year's Zika virus scare, many people urged that one be established), but money could be freed up. Right now, public health workers and researchers are working on projects defined by grants from HHS. If Price were to declare an emergency, those workers could be redeployed temporarily, from working on AIDS outreach for example, to work on substance abuse issues.”
Comedy legend Whoopi Goldberg steadfastly refuses to say President Trump's name out loud, despite acknowledging that he's "the man in charge."
Scroll for more content...
In an interview with CNN's David Axelrod on "The Axe Files," Goldberg said that they "can't" use Donald Trump's name in conjunction with the word "President," and that though they know that "people don't like that I don't do it, I'm fine with that."
"There's lots of stuff I do that people don't like, you know, I can live with that," they added.
Goldberg, a native New Yorker who appeared along with Trump in the 1994 "Little Rascals" movie, described their relationship as one that had been "cordial," but told Axelrod that they had been "deeply" bothered over the years by Trump's outspoken comments, especially "the nonsense about whether Barack Obama was an American citizen."
"I know they went to school and I know they know that Hawaii was part of the United States.-And I know that the real bottom line of that conversation was how can they be our president, and it's like listen, man.- They won," they said.
Asked by Axelrod to respond to Trump's assertion that they are the "least racist person you know," Goldberg retorted that "in their mind, they probably are," adding that they believed the President has an inherent belief that there are inferior people to him.
"You know, you keep -- you keep saying you're not racist and then you do racist stuff.- And then you hear racist things and you don't say 'Hey, that's not how we talk here.'- So for me, they have a lot of issues.- But I -- I always said they had issues," they said.
They told Axelrod that they empathized with Colin Kaepernick and other NFL players who have protested racial injustice in America by taking a knee during the national anthem.
"I understand when somebody says, 'I don't think this represents me, I'm not doing a work stoppage, I'm not being disrespectful, I'm kneeling...my back is not to the flag, I'm kneeling, begging to be recognized,'" they said.
Not to mention, they emphasized, "nobody owns these guys, these guys work their tails off, and when they get a bad knee, they're done. As for Kaepernick, Goldberg said they have "nothing but respect for him, because it's hard to stand and p**s in the wind."
Asked by Axelrod if Goldberg had a message for the President, Goldberg said they had "no message for him," but they did have something to "for the people around him."
"Change is coming, and it's not coming because it's even ideological, it's coming because you're endangering, you're allowing things that endanger our children, our country, our air," they said.
"I just want people in (power) who remember what the promise of America is.-Not was, but is," they added.
California man admits making violent threats online
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A man pleaded guilty in Los Angeles Tuesday to making online threats to kill law enforcement personnel and others, including one internet post that led to the evacuation of a courthouse, federal prosecutors said Tuesday.
John Patrice Hale, 43, who used the online moniker "Frost K Blizzard," entered their plea Monday to one count of making threats to injure in interstate commerce, the U.S. Attorney's Office said.
Hale admitted making several threats online in May 2017 against a courthouse, a school and a private business.
"Our brotherhood will celebrate today when allah sets the explosives planted in Inglewood sheriff vehicles at Inglewood court," they wrote on May 12. That post prompted the evacuation of the Inglewood Courthouse near Los Angeles.
Other threats made repeated references to ISIS, such as "Allah willing we will be able to take out as many officers that pull out your parking structure. It will be a plus to take part of your american school across the street. ISIS will have revenge today."
Hale further admitted that they submitted bogus information to the FBI's "Tips and Public Leads" webpage. In the submission, Hale falsely claimed that they knew a man who "would supply ISIS with explosives even planting them for them."
Authorities have not uncovered any evidence linking Hale to international terrorism.
Investigators did not identify a motive.
Hale faces a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison. Sentencing is scheduled on October 29.
Buy Photo Jay Schlichter sits for a portrait in the Naples Daily News photo studio. (Photo: Sarah Holm/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
The ultra-geeky game of “Dungeons and Dragons” has appeared in most forms of entertainment mediums. That is, except one. The stage.
Well, those days are officially over.
Not long ago, a writer who's been called a pioneer in bringing nerd culture to the theater scene penned “She Kills Monsters.”
In that play, as well as the many others he's written, Qui Nguyen tackles issues and dramatizes scenes that many geeks can relate to, while also inserting pop culture references, particularly from the '80s and '90s.
Buy Photo Cast member Zachary Pachol of the production "She Kills Monsters" during their first dress rehearsal at the Sugden Community Theatre in Naples on on Wednesday, October 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
“She Kills Monsters” is a dramatic comedy about discovering the truth of those who are closest to us — in this case, a younger sister. Nguyen often caters to a more modern audience — think millennials — accustomed to being regaled with jokes about social media, sexual preferences and the Smashing Pumpkins.
This play definitely follows that style, and ups the ante with adult themes and language. Definitely leave the kids home with a baby sitter. Teens, however, will be used to this type of content.
What makes it more intriguing is that it's being performed in a place one wouldn't normally expect to see such an in-your-face tale: The Naples Players.
But that's exactly why the Sugden Community Theater's artistic director, who's been in the gig for just under a year, is bringing it to Southwest Florida.
Bryce Alexander wants to stir things up a bit at the Naples theater and bring a “wide range” of plays to both its small and big stages — Tobye Studio and Blackburn Hall.
“We put on eight major shows a year, and we have the opportunity to try and branch out and try new things,” they said. “I want to make sure we can serve the widest group of people.”
Buy Photo The cast of the production "She Kills Monsters" during their first dress rehearsal at the Sugden Community Theatre in Naples on on Wednesday, October 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
Alexander's far from the only one interested in Nguyen's works, which have been winning numerous awards and praise. As evidence of that, “She Kills Monsters” is being produced or coming soon to 68 theaters nationwide, according to the publisher's website.
The play kicks off like any comedy, with the deaths of three characters. Yes, I'm serious. And yes, this is actually a comedy.
Not long after losing their parents and sister in a car crash, the main character, Agnes, discovers their late sister's notebook, complete with a full Dungeons and Dragons quest. They decide to pursue it and seeks out help from a super nerd. That's when things get weird and wild.
Dungeons and Dragons, shortened to D&D by the geeks who have been addicted since its outset in the '70s, started out solely as book-based. Then references to the game started finding their way into other forms of media, some more direct than others. Many video game developers, for example, created an entire genre based on them, known as role-playing games or just RPG.
The play makes casual reference to that in the beginning, as the show's three narrators explain: “In a time before Facebook, World of Warcraft and Massive Multiplayer Online RPGs, there once existed simply a game. Forged by the hands of nerds, crafted in the minds of geeks, and so advanced in its advanciness it would take a whole second edition to contain all its mighty geekery.
“And here in the land of Ohio during the year of 1995, one of the rarest types of geeks walked the earth. A Dungeon Master without fear, prejudice or a penis. This nerd was a girl-nerd, the most uncommon form of nerd in the world.”
Told you it was a crazy comedy! In addition to choice words like the one above, the play contains a few f-bombs and other four-letter swears. However, they don't seem out of place in the fantastical setting.
When Alexander initially thought about bringing “She Kills Monsters” to Naples, they wanted a director with a geeky background and the vision to pull this off. They found that in El Armstrong, an Emmy- and Grammy-nominated film, audio and theater guru from Denver, where the two have worked together before.
Buy Photo Cast members Amy Hughes, left, and Amelia Mauriello of the production "She Kills Monsters" during their first dress rehearsal at the Sugden Community Theatre in Naples on on Wednesday, October 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
“It's an absolutely wonderful piece of theater,” said Armstrong said. “(Qui's) part of a new breed of authors bringing a modern film aesthetic to the stage.”
In addition to the profanity, “She Kills Monsters” is a very fight-heavy play, with the usual sword fighting and magic spells that would be expected in any D&D-related story.
But Armstrong and Alexander, along with many of the 15 local actors who are portraying characters from both this world and the fantasy realm, said that Nguyen's plays aren't solely about the cuss words and swordplay.
“He keeps heart in the show,” Armstrong said. “It's not all fluff and sword fights. There are some really thought-provoking things in it. You get sucked in by the silliness, but there is still something to think about at the end of the show. To me, that's good theater.”
This show has that in spades. This writer watched the actors rehearse their performance about two weeks before opening night, and they were already spot on, and not only with the fight scenes. That's made even more incredible by the fact that the entire cast and crew lost two weeks of practice thanks to Hurricane Irma.
Some of the best parts of the play are the dancing scenes — yes, you read that right — but the audience will leave with something to think about long after seeing it. Many may even want to reach out to a family member and reconnect, before it's too late.
Buy Photo Cast members Amelia Mauriello, left, and Mike Santos of the production "She Kills Monsters" during their first dress rehearsal at the Sugden Community Theatre in Naples on on Wednesday, October 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
You know you want to get in touch with me, so what are you waiting for? Reach me via newsfornerdsbyjay@gmail.com, facebook.com/NewsForNerdsandGeeks/ or twitter.com/NewsForNerdsbyJ
‘She Kills Monsters'
Where: Sudgen Community Theatre, 701 Fifth Ave. S., Naples
When: Oct. 11 to Nov. 5 (Wednesday and Thursday shows 7:30 p.m., Friday and Saturday shows 8 p.m., Sunday shows 2 p.m.)
Tickets: $40 for adults, $35 for subscribers, $10 for students 21 and under
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/entertainment/columnists/2017/10/06/news-nerds-naples-players-offers-quirky-enthralling-d-d-tale/728007001/
× Former President George H.W. Bush is alert and talking, but remains in intensive care
HOUSTON — Former President George H.W. Bush is awake, alert and talking after they were admitted to intensive care earlier this week, a family spokesperson said Tuesday.
Bush, 93, was admitted to the Houston Methodist Hospital Sunday morning after contracting an infection that spread to their blood, family spokesperson Jim McGrath said, a day after a funeral was held for their wife, Barbara Bush.
According to McGrath, the 41st President has said they are determined to get healthy and get to Maine this summer. On Monday, McGrath said Bush was “responding to treatments and appears to be recovering.”
According to a source close to the former Republican President, Bush was admitted to the hospital with an infection that led to sepsis, which can be life-threatening. They were in critical condition, the source said.
The source added that Bush's blood pressure kept dropping and a couple of times there was serious concern about whether they were going to come through, but that they had been stabilized.
But with Bush's age, their health and with this infection, this is very serious, the source explained.
Speaking at a ceremony to welcome French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House on Tuesday, President Donald Trump offered their prayers for Bush and their family, and wished the 41st President a “speedy recovery.”
Bush revealed several years ago they suffer from a form of Parkinson's disease, which has left them unable to walk, so they get around either in a wheelchair or a scooter.
The former President's hospitalization is especially upsetting for their family because it follows so closely on the death of their wife of 73 years last Tuesday. The family had been worried about how they would deal with their death and such an emotional week, according to the source.
“Right after a big loss — certainly like they have had — there is some data that shows that some people can develop problems with immunity and become more susceptible to infections,” CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said. “Infections they otherwise would have been able to fight become more serious.”
The day after their wife's death, the former President paid tribute to them in a statement.
“I always knew Barbara was the most beloved woman in the world, and in fact I used to tease them that I had a complex relationship about that fact. But the truth is the outpouring of love and friendship being directed at The Enforcer is lifting us all up,” they said, using them nickname.
“We have faith they are in heaven, and we know that life will go on — as they would have it. So cross the Bushes off your worry list.”
March 29 Inovalon Holdings Inc
* Amgen enters into agreement with Inovalon and Avalere to engage value-based contracting opportunities
* Inovalon Holdings Inc - agreement will focus specifically on Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)
* Inovalon Holdings - Co, Avalere Health will deploy data, analytics capabilities with OBCS to support development of obcs based on value of Amgen's products
* Inovalon Holdings - co, Avalere Health, an Inovalon Company, will deploy data, to support further development of OBCS based on value of Amgen's products Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Artist: Man Ray Title: Dust Breeding (Dust over work by Marcel Duchamp) Date: c. 1920 The photo at the center of the exhibition was first published in the Surrealist journal Littérature in October 1922. Because it resembled an aerial view of a desert landscape and no other context was initially given, it was captioned as “view from an aeroplane.” It was published in “quite obscure avant garde books and magazines” with various descriptions until it was rediscovered, curator David Campany said.
Arist: John Divola Title: “Vandalism” Date: 1974-75 (printed 1993) “A Handful of Dust” is the first time John Divola's “Vandalism” portfolio has been displayed in its entirety in an exhibition. The black and white gelatin silver prints are photographs they took in their mid-20s inside dilappidated Los Angeles properties. They used a camera, spray paint, string and cardboard. Divola is a professor of art at UC Riverside. Courtesy of Dr. J. Patrick and Patricia Kennedy
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Artist: Robert Burley Implosion of Buildings 65 and 69 #2, Kodak Park, Rochester, New York, 2007 The photo is from a series documenting the “death” of analog photography using photography itself. Former employees of Eastman Kodak, based in Rochester, New York, look on as the former film factories are imploded. Courtesy Stephen Bulger Gallery
Artist: Jeff Mermelstein Title: Statue A solitary statue sits on a bench, coated in gray dust and surrounded by rubble, in New York on Sept. 11, 2001. The statue is “Double Check” by Seward Johnson.
Artist: unknown Title: Woman Writes in Dust, Kansas Date: 1935
Dust isn't as dry as it seems.
From the passage of time to the struggle for modernity to ruin and war, dust stirs up strong emotions, says David Campany, curator of the exhibit “A Handful of Dust.”
The exhibit consists of more than 60 works of photography and conceptual artwork, all with dust as the focal point.
UC Riverside's California Museum of Photography will be the first West Coast venue for the exhibit, which will be displayed from July 7 until Dec. 9. It will be the only stop in California.
At the center of the exhibition is a work called “Dust Breeding.” Artist Man Ray photographed a work by artist Marcel Duchamp, called “The Large Glass,” which they deliberately left to gather dust in their studio.
The result reminded Campany of wartime aerial reconnaissance, and they connected it to T.S. Eliot's post-World War I poem, “The Wasteland.” In it, Eliot writes “I will show you fear in a handful of dust,” inspiring the title of the collection.
Related Articles Loma Linda arts association welcomes watercolorist JoAnn Formia
“The idea of the show is to take one photograph as a springboard and move from that in several different directions,” Campany said in a video explaining the exhibition. “It takes in very famous artworks, it takes in vernacular photographs — postcards, magazines, film clips, books. It also explores the kinds of perhaps unconscious connections we make between images.”
The exhibit will be the first in the newly renovated California Museum of Photography, 3824 Main St. A reception will be held from 6 to 8 p.m. July 7.
0 Semi-trucks line interstate to help stop man from jumping off overpass
DETROIT - More than a dozen tractor-trailers formed a line under an overpass on Interstate 696 in Detroit early Tuesday to help stop a man who was contemplating jumping from the overpass, according to multiple reports.
>> Read more trending news
Authorities were called to I-696 near the Coolidge exit just before 1 a.m., WJBK reported. Negotiators worked for several hours to convince the man not to jump as authorities directed several tractor-trailers to park under the overpass, according to the news station.
Michigan State Police shared an image of 13 tractor-trailers that were lined up side-by-side on the interstate, in case the man jumped.
“This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public,” police said Tuesday on Twitter. “But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life.”
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
The unidentified man came down from the edge of the overpass through the combined efforts of police and the truck drivers, The Detroit Free-Press reported.
“Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255,” state police wrote on Twitter. “You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911. There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again.”
You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911. There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again. pic.twitter.com/cDfm1CK1BZ — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Huntington Woods police took the man to Beaumont Hospital for an evaluation, WJBK reported.
Officials reopened I-696 to traffic around 4 a.m.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said Wednesday.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
They said they want training to fix or program the robots that they believe could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Fedora Workstation 28 is shaping up to be another compelling update for those that are fans of this bleeding-edge Red Hat sponsored Linux distribution. I've been running Fedora Workstation 28 snapshots on a few laptops and test machines here and am quite happy with how it's shaped up as another Fedora release that delivers not only the latest features, but doing so in a seemingly sane and stable manner: I haven't encountered any problems unlike some of the past notorious Fedora releases from years ago. Overall, I am quite excited about next month's Fedora 28 release and will be upgrading my main production system to it.For those that haven't had the luxury of trying out the beta or other development versions of Fedora Workstation 28 yet, Red Hat's Christian Schaller has provided a nice overview of some of the key improvements.Those improvements include better Thunderbolt support , improved support for third-party applications, VirtualBox guest support from the default kernel, improved fwupd/firmware updating, improved NVIDIA driver support, the continued deployment of Flatpaks, and continued performance and power savings work.Head on over to Christian's blog for all the F28 Workstation highlights. When the release nears, there will be benchmarks and more of my thoughts on this next Fedora Linux installment. Fedora 28 is currently scheduled for release on 8 May.
US World Cup ratings down 42 per cent without American team
While the immigration debate occupies politicians, the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York.
MURMUR – the new voice in Welsh theatre is staging a festive drama for children in the studio at Pontio, Bangor.
This is the first time that the new company, based in north Wales and set up by the actor Rhodri Siôn, has staged a full play.
Caban Hud, tells the story of a child who mind is full of dreams and the labour of love shown by an industrious little friend. The cast features Rhodri Siôn, Morfudd Hughes, Manon Alaw and Miri Siôn.
Rhodri says “Although I've worked in the arts for many years, from singing and composing to studying at the Welsh College of Music and Drama and acting on television, theatre and radio as well as working on props and sets and collaborating on some productions, this is the first time that I've tried something like this.
“I was lucky enough, in collaboration with Pontio, to receive funding from the Arts Council of Wales to stage a small scale production for children. We did some research last year around Christmas time, and this show has developed from that.”
“Pontio were very keen to stage a small scale festive show in Welsh, that offered an alternative to the big pantomime. I've really enjoyed the process – from the initial sketches in my notebook to developing the script and designing the set, and the feedback so far has been great – the show has sold out during the week with local primary schools and the weekend shows are also selling well.
“It's been Christmas for me since at least June, but there's something quite nice about going crazy with the lights, the glitter and the snow! Although the show is primarily aimed at children up to 8 years old, the feedback so far shows that it has an appeal for the whole family, which is great,” they add.
An important aspect the staging is the music, which has been composed by one of Rhodri's friends since childhood Osian Gwynedd.
“We grew up in the same village and we've worked together on songs since we were lads in Waunfawr near Caernarfon, so it was a real pleasure to go back to that,” Rhodri explains. “It's always a bit nerve-wrecking to put your stuff out to the world, but I'm looking forward to it and I hope this is the first of many productions for Murmur.”
Caban Hud is on at Pontio Studio, Bangor, from Thursday, December 14-19. Weekend shows: Saturday, December 16 at 11.30am, and 2.30pm. Sunday, December 17, 1.30pm, 4.30pm
Tickets from www.pontio.co.uk or 01248 38 28 28. In Welsh with minimal language and English summary available.
(Reuters Health) - Rates of type 2 diabetes among children in the UK have been rising, and tracking along with increased obesity and severe obesity, researchers say.
Based on data for hundreds of thousands of UK children and teens, the study found that obese kids were four times as likely as normal weight children to be diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, which has already been linked to obesity in adults.
“Obesity is a major global health issue. More than half of adults and one out of three children leaving primary school are now overweight or obese,” said lead study author Ali Abbasi of King's College London.
More than 12 million children and teens in the United States are considered obese, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. About 3,600 cases of type 2 diabetes are diagnosed in children and teens each year in the U.S.
“The rapidity of the increase in type 2 diabetes is a real concern, which may have an important impact on the health of future generations,” Abbasi told Reuters Health by email.
Abbasi and colleagues looked at records from 375 doctors' offices across the UK for the years 1994 through 2013. They analyzed data from 369,362 patients between ages 2 and 15, tracking new cases of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes and comparing them to children's body mass index (BMI), a measure of weight relative to height, over time.
There were 654 type 2 diabetes cases and 1,318 type 1 diabetes cases diagnosed during the study period.
The incidence of type 2 diabetes among the children rose from 6.4 cases per 100,000 people per year in 1994 - 1998 to 33.2 cases per 100,000 per year in 2009 - 2013, the study team reports in Journal of the Endocrine Society.
The increase took place primarily among overweight and obese children, and the greatest risk was seen among the obese kids.
During the same period, the increase in proportion of kids who were obese stabilized, the researchers note, but BMIs among obese children rose, meaning obesity became more severe.
Type 1 diabetes incidence also rose, though less dramatically, from 38.2 cases per 100,000 per year to 52.1 per 100,000 per year over the study period but there was no link to overweight or obesity.
“Unfortunately, little surprises me about the findings of this study, since we have been reporting an increasing risk of type 2 diabetes in children in the Pima Indians since the 1970s,” said Robert Nelson of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases office in Phoenix, who wasn't involved with the study.
“The next steps are to carefully characterize the magnitude of obesity and its impact on diabetes incidence,” they told Reuters Health by email. “We are finding in American Indians that children who are severely obese have a far higher incidence than those who are obese or overweight.”
Nelson and colleagues are studying ways to manage pregnancy weight gain and prevent gestational diabetes in mothers, which increases the risk of the child developing diabetes early in life.
“Understanding the relationship between obesity and diabetes in kids is important because diabetes can actually develop in children while they're still children,” said Asheley Skinner of Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, who wasn't involved with the study.
“One important aspect to note is that about half of kids who develop type 2 diabetes aren't obese,” they told Reuters Health. “Those who are obese have four times the risk, but that only represents part of equation. Obesity isn't the only important risk factor here.”
“We spend a lot of time and effort on trying to reduce obesity, and it's often not successful,” Skinner said. “We should use diet and activity in all kids to reduce the risk for diabetes, as well as other diseases later in life.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2p7zbxT Journal of the Endocrine Society, online April 25, 2017.
Appointments for tax preparation have started for the RSVP/AARP Foundation Tax-Aide volunteers that help with tax preparation.
Nine trained counselors help those in our communities that find it very difficult to pay the fee to have this yearly filing done. The tax preparation is free to anyone who needs it, with special attention to those who are 50 or older or have low to moderate income. AARP Foundation Tax-Aide volunteers are trained to assist a tax payer in filing many income tax forms and schedules.
“The goal for this program is primarily to help seniors in the community that need to file and/or wanting to apply for the Kansas Homestead Refund,” said RSVP Director Linn Hogg.
“Our services are also available to low and moderate income families,” Hogg said.
Appointments can be made by calling the RSVP office at 620-792-1614. Walk-in appointments are not accepted.
Last year the program helped 320 people from a four-county area. The savings added up to more than $17,000.
“Our counselors go through tax classes each year and our required to pass multiple tests before they can sit down and prepare a person's tax return,” said Hogg.
However, they noted, the Volunteer Protection Act requires that volunteers stay within the scope of tax law set by the IRS for the program. In certain situations, volunteers may be unable to provide assistance. Examples include income rentals, moving expenses, some investment income, royalty income, farm or farm co-op income or expenses and complicated capital gains/losses such as futures or options.
Guests visiting the Oklahoma City Zoo and Botanical Garden Saturday, June 2, are invited to celebrate half a century of Cindy the chimpanzee in the Great EscApe outdoor habitat from 10-11 a.m.
Cindy, best known for their love of blankets, will be presented with a special picnic-themed animal enrichment activity in honor of their half century of life. Zoo guests are encouraged to join the fun by bringing blankets for Cindy and leaving them at Guest Services in the Entry Plaza.
If more blankets are raised than Cindy can use in a reasonable amount of time, the surplus will be donated to a local animal welfare organization. In addition to the animal enrichment, sweet treats will be available for guests along with information about recycling electronic devices such as cell phones and how it reduces the need for coltan mining in natural chimpanzee environments.
While Cindy's exact birthday is not known, records show they were born in 1968. They came to the OKC Zoo in October 2007 and has spent the last decade inspiring guests and caretakers with their fun, playful attitude.
They enjoy interacting with their troop and with guests, especially young children, through the viewing glass. Other members of the OKC Zoo chimpanzee troop are Qadeer, 33; Kito, 31; Mwami, 29; Kirsty, 17; Zoe, 9; Siri, 7; and Ruben, 6. The Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA) reports the median life expectancy for female chimpanzees is 37.4 years.
“Cindy is very special, both to guests and to their caretakers,” Robin Newby, Great EscApe assistant curator, said. “She enjoys blankets, even in the summer months, and is known for always having one with them I'm glad we get to celebrate this half century milestone.”
(4th UPDATE) The attack that began Sunday night in a Turkish restaurant popular with foreigners also left a dozen people injured, while two assailants were later killed
Published 9:17 AM, August 14, 2017
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (4th UPDATE) – At least 18 people have been gunned down in a Turkish restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital Ouagadougou, the government said Monday, August 14, the latest west African attack to target a spot popular with foreigners.
There has been no claim of responsibility for Sunday night's attack at the Aziz Istanbul restaurant, which was often packed with expats who went there to watch football.
Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou said 18 people had been killed – both Burkinabes and foreigners – and around ten injured, while security forces had killed two assailants in a counter-assault that went on until morning.
It was not clear how many gunmen were involved.
The security operation "has ended" but searches are continuing in buildings in the surrounding neighborhood, Dandjinou told reporters.
They had earlier said that "some people were held" by the assailants and that "some were released", but gave no further details.
Turkey said one of its citizens was among the dead, while Paris prosecutors said at least one French national died.
"They started shooting on the terrace. We climbed up the stairs and lay on the ground. The attackers came and pointed their guns at us," said one survivor, interviewed in hospital on national television.
"I didn't understand their language, it might have been Arabic."
A surgeon said the local hospital was "overwhelmed".
The restaurant is just 200 meters (220 yards) from a hotel and cafe targeted in an assault in January 2016 that left 30 people dead and 71 wounded, many of them foreigners. That attack was claimed by Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM).
A government statement described the latest deadly shooting as a "terrorist attack", while President Roch Marc Christian Kabore condemned it as "a despicable attack that has Ouagadougou in mourning".
"The fight against terrorism is a long-term struggle," they said on Twitter.
A police officer who spoke to AFP on condition of anonymity cited witnesses as saying at least two assailants arrived on a motorcycle around 9:00 pm (2100 GMT) armed with Kalashnikovs, and opened fire.
A waiter also said they saw "three men arrive on a 4X4 vehicle around 9:30 pm, get off the vehicle and open fire on customers seated on the terrace".
Latest African attack
The shooting is the latest in the region targeting spots popular with foreigners and locals alike.
Last year's attack on the Splendid hotel and Cappuccino restaurant, down the road from the Aziz Istanbul, came weeks after jihadists claimed an assault on a hotel in the capital of neighboring Mali that killed 20 people.
And in March last year 14 civilians and two special forces soldiers were killed when gunmen stormed the Ivory Coast beach resort of Grand-Bassam, an attack also claimed by AQIM.
In Burkina Faso, a dozen soldiers were killed in December in an assault on their northern base, and in October there was an attack that killed four troops and two civilians.
An Australian and a Romanian, abducted in Burkina Faso in 2015, are still being held hostage by Qaeda-affiliated Islamists.
Sean Smith, senior Africa analyst at risk consultancy Verisk Maplecroft, said the restaurant attack "illustrates that the threat of terrorism now looms over most of the Sahel region".
"While most attacks in Burkina Faso remain confined to the remote northern regions that border Mali, this incident reiterates that Islamists also have the ability to strike at will in the capital."
Calls to back anti-terror force
French President Emmanuel Macron spoke with Kabore, their office said, condemning the "terrorist attack" in the former French colony and stressing the "urgent need" to speed up the launch of a five-country anti-jihadist force in the Sahel.
France has its own Barkhane anti-jihadist operation in the region and has been pushing efforts to set up the 5,000-member force, manned by Chad, Niger, Mali, Burkina Faso and Mauritania, by October.
African Union chief Alpha Conde said the attack "shows the importance of bringing the force into operation" and called on the European Union to find the estimated 400 million euros ($471 million) of extra funding needed.
"We must accelerate the G5 launch so that Africans are on the frontline in defending the security of their citizens and that of expatriates," they told France 24 television. – Rappler.com
SAN DIEGO — Authorities reached out to the public Tuesday for help in identifying a burglar who assaulted an 82-year-old San Ysidro woman and stole their car after they caught them looting them home.
The octogenarian returned from an outing on the morning of March 29 to find the thief in the living room of their residence in the 200 block of West Park Avenue, according to San Diego police.
The intruder grabbed the woman, threw their down, threatened them with a knife and demanded they give them their car keys. They complied, and they fled in the woman's silver 2003 Toyota Camry with various items they had stolen from their home.
Medics took the victim to a hospital for treatment of scrapes and bruises to their hands and head.
Officers found the woman's car abandoned a few blocks from their residence about an hour after the crime was reported.
Police have released an artist's rendering of the perpetrator, described as a rough 30-year-old, 5-foot-7-inch Latino with a thin mustache.
Anyone with information about the case is asked to call San Diego County Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477. Tipsters may remain anonymous and could be eligible for a reward of up to $1,000.
(AP) — Chanting “Death to America,” Iran's parliament voted unanimously Sunday to increase spending on its ballistic missile program and the foreign operations of its paramilitary Revolutionary Guard, part of a sanctions bill mirroring a new U.S. law targeting the country.
While offering hundreds of millions of dollars in new funding, the lawmakers' bill offered a tactic as old as the slogan shouted since the 1979 Islamic Revolution — using America's own tactics against it.
advertisement
The vote salves public anger in Iran over U.S. President Donald Trump's constant threats to renegotiate or abandon the nuclear deal struck by world powers under their predecessor. While lawmakers stressed the bill wouldn't violate that agreement, it ensures those both home and abroad know Iran will continue confronting America either in the Persian Gulf or legislatively, analysts say.
“They want to show that the pressure that the U.S. is exerting on Iran, they can respond with similar measures,” said Adnan Tabatabai, an Iran analyst based in Germany who is the CEO of the Center for Applied Research in Partnership with the Orient. “It's not that important that those measures may not hurt the U.S. in the same way. … They want to show they are not just standing still and watching this happening.”
In the session Sunday, 240 lawmakers voted for the bill, with only one abstention from the 247 legislators on hand, Iran's state-run news agency IRNA reported. Parliament speaker Ali Larijani after the vote described the measure as just the first step the country could take.
The bill now heads to an oversight committee called the Guardian Council, which is expected to approve it. Abbas Araghchi, a deputy foreign minister and senior nuclear negotiator on hand for the vote, said moderate President Hassan Rouhani's government supported the bill.
“The bill has very wisely tried not to violate the (nuclear deal) and also gives no chance to the other party to manipulate it,” they said in comments reported by IRNA. “This bill is an astute response to the enmity and wickedness of the United States against Iran.”
Under terms of the bill, some $800 million will be put toward several projects, including the Defense Ministry and its intelligence agencies. Among the agencies receiving money would be the Revolutionary Guards' Quds force, an expeditionary force run by Gen. Qassem Soleimani, who has been advising forces in Syria and Iraq.
The Guard, separate from Iran's conventional military forces, answers only to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
The bill also imposes financial sanctions, as well as a visa and travel ban, on U.S. military and security organizations and their commanders who have provided financial, intelligence, military, logistic and training support to terrorists in the region, naming the Islamic State group and the Syrian branch of al-Qaida. Lawmakers gave government authorities three months to give them names of people to put on a sanctions list, which will be updated every six months.
Iranian officials often accuse the U.S. of being involved with both extremist groups. The U.S. is actively involved in a massive military campaign against the Islamic State group and has struck the al-Qaida affiliate as well.
Perhaps more relevantly, the bill also includes banning visas for American officials involved with the Iranian exile group called the Mujahedeen-e-Khalq. Prominent U.S. lawmakers and politicians have met with the group and spoken at its rallies. The MEK has paid one of Trump's Cabinet members and at least one adviser in the past for giving such speeches.
IRNA also said the bill referred to the money also being used to improve Iran's defense against a nuclear attack and develop nuclear propellers. In December, Rouhani ordered officials to draw up plans on building nuclear-powered ships, something that appears to be allowed under the nuclear deal, over an earlier dispute on U.S. sanctions under the Obama administration.
It's unclear what affect the additional money for Iran's missile program would have. In comments Sunday, Brig. Gen. Hossein Salami of the Revolutionary Guard boasted that “the rate of our missile production is so high that we are faced with the problem of space” to keep them in, state television reported.
The number of current or former U.S. officials traveling to Iran remains minuscule as well, while the number holding bank accounts or assets in the country is even smaller.
However, Trump signed a sanctions bill earlier this month that included new sanctions imposed on Iran that matched those lawmakers passed Sunday. Iran previously also has sanctioned a wide assortment of American companies when the U.S. targeted Iranian firms.
None of those new Iranian sanctions jeopardized the tens of billions of dollars in deals Iran has made with airplane manufacturers and others since the atomic accord. Rouhani themselves warned Sunday in comments posted on their website that “if the U.S. intends to stand against the deal, the entire world will stand before the U.S.”
“We need to really understand the importance for the Iranian government to send, internally and externally, the message they are able to respond,” Tabatabai said.
© AFP 2017/ Scanpix Denmark/ NIKOLAI LINARES Denmark Reluctant to Recompense EU for UK's Departure
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Denmark has prepared a legal case based on the Danish historic right to fish in UK territorial waters and aimed at impeding UK intentions to restore control over the waters after leaving the European Union, Danish Foreign Minister Anders Samuelsen said Tuesday.
"Danish fishermen have historically been fishing across the North Sea. The common fisheries policy in the EU has regulated this, based on historical rights and preserving our common stocks that don't follow economic zones," Samuelsen told The Guardian newspaper, adding that Denmark would file the case through chief EU negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier.
Danish fishermen possess the right to access to the UK waters over six centuries, according to the documents found in the archives by Copenhagen's officials.
The territorial waters around the United Kingdom encompass some 70 percent of the EU fish stocks and the United Kingdom is seeking to regain full control over the waters as part of the Brexit deal. The United Kingdom officially started the EU withdrawal process in late March.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
The march wrapped up with a rally on the capital's main Independence (Maidan) square. The participants were seen waving Ukrainian and Svoboda flags and banners reading: "Down with the Second Khazar Khaganate!" and "Nationalism is our religion. Stepan Bandera is our prophet!"
В Киеве проходит факельное шествие в честь Бандеры https://t.co/xYrJhj9clZ pic.twitter.com/vVfLrShSnI — Новости Украины (@24todaynetua) 1 января 2017 г.
Many were holding torches and portraits of Bandera.
Kiev police earlier said that the march would be guarded by 700 law enforcement officers, including 250 National Guardsmen.
Similar rallies, though on a smaller scale, were held in Odessa and several other cities across Ukraine.
Following the news about the march, Crimean leader Sergei Aksyonov took to Facebook saying that January 1 celebrations of Stepan Bandera's birthday have become a sad tradition for Ukraine destroying the country's statehood and giving it a bad name in the world, Crimean leader Sergei Aksyonov wrote on Facebook.
Nationalist historians in Ukraine claim that it was not only the Soviet Army but the German Nazis too that Stepan Bandera fought against during WWII.
“However, German officials insist that their archives make no mention of any losses the Wehrmacht ever suffered fighting Bandera's OUN-UPA forces. I am sure that the Ukrainian Nazis and Bandera's spiritual heirs will face a new Nuremberg trial and much sooner than they think,” Aksyonov wrote.
They also mentioned Poland's recent demand for Kiev not to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UNA), banned in Russia.
Stepan Bandera was one of the founders of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army, or UPA, that collaborated with Nazis and fought against the Red Army during the Second World War.
Аfter the defeat of German Nazism in 1945, members of the UNA and the paramilitary UPA units continued their struggle against the Soviet Union.
Although former Nazi collaborators' organizations were officially dissolved in 1949, many of them joined foreign subversive groups and intelligence agencies, dreaming of revenge.
​While many WWII veterans and modern-day politicians condemn the campaign of glorification of Stepan Bandera and their Nazi collaborators, some people, mostly in western Ukraine, tout them as a national hero.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
From lakes to mountains to baseball stadiums, the sky will be lighting up Wednesday, July 4, for Independence Day celebrations.
Here are a handful of best bets across the Inland area that offer top fireworks shows to mark July Fourth.
Light-to-moderate drinking can lower risk of mortality from all-causes and cardiovascular disease, while heavy drinking can significantly increase risk of mortality from all-causes and cancer, according to a new study published today in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
High alcohol consumption has been liked to a host of health issues, including cardiovascular disease, but alcohol in moderation is widely recommended. However, despite these recommendations, studies on the risk of mortality among light-to-moderate drinkers are inconsistent. Researchers in this study examined the association between alcohol consumption and risk of mortality from all causes, cancer and cardiovascular disease in the U.S.
The researchers looked at data from 333,247 participants obtained through the National Health Interview Surveys from 1997 to 2009. Study participants were surveyed regarding their alcohol consumption status and patterns of use. Alcohol consumption patterns were divided into six categories: lifetime abstainers, lifetime infrequent drinkers, former drinkers and current light (less than three drinks per week), moderate (more than three drinks per week to less than 14 drinks per week for men or less than seven drinks per week for women) or heavy drinkers (more than 14 drinks per week for men or seven drinks per week for women).
"Our research shows that light-to-moderate drinking might have some protective effects against cardiovascular disease, while heavy drinking can lead to death. A delicate balance exists between the beneficial and detrimental effects of alcohol consumption, which should be stressed to consumers and patients," said Bo Xi, MD, associate professor at the Shandong University School of Public Health in China and the study's lead author.
Throughout the length of the study, 34,754 participants died from all-causes. Of these, 8,947 mortalities were cardiovascular disease-specific (6,944 heart disease-related and 2,003 cerebrovascular-related deaths) and 8,427 mortalities were cancer-specific.
Researchers found that male heavy drinkers had a 25 percent increased risk of mortality due to all-causes and a 67 percent increase in mortality from cancer. These increases were not significantly noticed in women. There was no association found between heavy drinking and cardiovascular disease mortality. Moderate drinking was associated with a 13 percent and 25 percent decreased risk of all-cause mortality, and 21 percent and 34 percent decreased risk of cardiovascular disease mortality, respectively, in both men and women. Similar findings were observed for light drinking in both genders.
"We have taken rigorous statistical approaches to address issues reported in earlier studies such as abstainer bias, sick quitter phenomenon and limited confounding adjustment in our study. A J-shaped relationship exists between alcohol consumption and mortality, and drinkers should drink with consciousness," said one of the study's authors, Sreenivas Veeranki, MD, DrPH, assistant professor in preventive medicine and community health at University of Texas Medical Branch.
Limitations to the study include obtaining alcohol consumption status through survey responses that may be subject to recall bias, as well as using self-reported responses at baseline.
In an accompanying editorial, Giovanni de Gaetano, MD, PhD, director of the Department of Epidemiology and Prevention at IRCCS Istituto Neurologico Mediterraneo Neuromed said that while younger adults should not expect considerable benefit from moderate drinking, "for most older persons, the overall benefits of light drinking, especially the reduced cardiovascular disease risk, clearly outweigh possible cancer risk."
###
The American College of Cardiology is the professional home for the entire cardiovascular care team. The mission of the College and its more than 52,000 members is to transform cardiovascular care and to improve heart health. The ACC leads in the formation of health policy, standards and guidelines. The College operates national registries to measure and improve care, offers cardiovascular accreditation to hospitals and institutions, provides professional medical education, disseminates cardiovascular research and bestows credentials upon cardiovascular specialists who meet stringent qualifications. For more, visit acc.org.
The Journal of the American College of Cardiology ranks among the top cardiovascular journals in the world for its scientific impact. JACC is the flagship for a family of journals--JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions, JACC: Cardiovascular Imaging, JACC: Heart Failure, JACC: Clinical Electrophysiology and JACC: Basic to Translational Science -- that prides themselves in publishing the top peer-reviewed research on all aspects of cardiovascular disease. Learn more at JACC.org.
PARIS (Sputnik) — In Sunday's vote, REM led with 28.2 percent of the votes cast followed by the biggest opposition right-wing The Republicans with 15.77 percent. National Front got 13.2 percent and the left-wing La France Insoumise got 11.02 percent. The previously ruling Socialist Party got 7.44 percent. Polls now suggest that REM is poised to get some 430 seats in France's 577-seat parliament after the second round, while The Republicans could dip as low as 85 seats and the Socialists to between 20 and 35 seats.
© REUTERS/ Benoit Tessier Likely REM Majority in French Assembly May Have Rough Start Due to Inexperience
More than 6 French citizens out of 10 are unhappy with the results of the first round of the legislative election, which promised more than 80 percent of the seats in the National Assembly to be taken by pro-presidential lawmakers, according to the poll.
While Macron themselves does not expect "absolutism" to take hold in parliament, as they said on Wednesday during the council of ministers, French voters tend to disagree, with only 37 percent in favor of the results.
According to the poll, 53 percent find the likely REM majority of some 400 out of 577 seats in the National Assembly "worrying," whereas 22 percent are "very disappointed" by the results of the first round of voting.
The opposition parties including The Republicans, the National Front and Unsubmissive France are calling on supporters to vote against REM in order to support democratic discussion going in parliament. FN leader Marine Le Pen stated Wednesday that they feared a lack of pluralism after elections.
The second round of the parliamentary election will take place on June 18.
Bridie Long née Fennessy
Church Street, Gort. Reposing at their home today from 5 until 7. Mass for Bridie Long tomorrow tuesday at 2 in St. Colman's Church, Gort. Funeral afterwards to local cemetery.
Margaret Walsh née Corcoran
4 Church Street, Creagh, Ballinasloe. Reposing at Portiuncula Hospital Mortuary, Ballinasloe this evening from 5. Removal at 7 to Our Lady of Lourdes Church, Creagh. Mass for Margaret Walsh tomorrow, Tuesday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Creagh Cemetery. Family flowers only, by request.
Peter John also known as PJ Nally
Curragh, Castlebar and late of Shrule Grove, Caherlistrane. Reposing at The Coady Funeral Home this evening from 6. Removal at 8 to Church of The Holy Rosary, Castlebar. Mass for Peter John Nally tomorrow, Tuesday at 11:30. Funeral afterwards to New Cemetery, Bohermore. House private and family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to Galway Hospice.
Deirdre Dolan née Cassidy
Kilquine, Craughwell and formerly of Tuam. Arriving at St. Killian's Church, Ballymana today for mass for Deirdre Dolan at 12. Funeral afterwards to Killogilleen Cemetery. No flowers, by request. Donations, if desired, to Galway Hospice.
The former Oklahoma State Senator and State Attorney General who is now the head of the Environmental Protection Agency says their staff will now work in close partnership with industries the EPA regulates.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt says he'll revive a Bush-era program to maintain an open dialogue with American businesses. Pruitt says the collaboration will boost the economy while delivering "better environmental outcomes."
The EPA's announcement includes statements from industry leaders praising the initiative, including chemical manufactures, pesticide makers, electric utilities and oil and gas producers.
At the EPA, Pruitt has worked to delay or roll back numerous Obama-era limits on air and water pollution. Pruitt also has said he's unsure about the consensus of climate scientists that human-made carbon emissions are the primary cause of global warming.
Pruitt was elected as Oklahoma's Attorney General in 2010.
While in that role, Pruitt sued the Environmental Protection Agency numerous times regarding the agency's action
A 25-year-old Memphis soldier who was found dead in the woods last week after disappearing during an Army training exercise in Florida was laid to rest Saturday.
Scroll for more content...
Friends, family and fellow soldiers packed into the New Bethel Missionary Baptist Church in Germantown to pay tribute to Army Specialist Cayln McLemore, 25.
"Every night since this happened, I've been having dreams and I've been talking to them in my dreams," said McLemore's best friend Mike Dixon.
"His name came up as one of the most dependable soldiers we had in the unit – one of those people that we just couldn't spare," said First Lt. Leonard Glynn, McLemore's commander. "He was an inspiration to me and also their fellow comrades, and we appreciate that time that we've shared with him."
McLemore, a Melrose High School graduate, disappeared during a three-day military training exercise in Florida last Wednesday.
Their family held out hope they would be found alive, but two days later, they got the news that their body had been found.
"He is just not a soldier, they are our family, they are our loved one," said Sgt. First Class Kristy Boyd, Operations NCO.
Boyd traveled to Florida to bring McLemore home.
"I have been in the Army a very long time and it's a very hard duty to do," they said. "But I did not want them to be brought home by strangers."
But as loved ones say their final goodbyes, they're finding comfort and strength in one another and the faith that even though McLemore's time on earth was cut short, their memory will live on.
"He would give you the shirt off their back. There was nothing that I wouldn't do for Calyn and there was nothing that Calyn wouldn't do for me. This is gonna be a hard one to swallow," Dixon said. "Cayln, he's always gonna be here. He's not gone, he's still with us."
Investigators aren't saying yet how McLemore died, only that they likely wandered away from the training area after getting dehydrated.
It's unclear when their autopsy results will be released.
LSD reduces the borders between the experience of our own self and others, and thereby affects social interactions. Researchers at the University of Zurich have now found that the serotonin 2A receptor in the human brain is critically involved in these intertwined psychological mechanisms . This knowledge could help develop new therapies for psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia or depression.
Virtually all mental health disorders come with difficulties in interpersonal relations that in the long run negatively affect the progression of the disease. The associated health and social restrictions can only be marginally improved by current forms of therapy. One of the reasons for this is that there has been very little research into the basic neurobiological principles and in particular the neurochemical mechanisms of these kinds of disorders. A further symptom of various psychiatric disorders is distortions of self-experience. People suffering from mental disorders often show either an inflated or weakened sense of self.
Researchers at the University Hospital of Psychiatry Zurich have now investigated the links between changes in the sense of self and changes in social interaction, and the pharmacological mechanisms that play a role in these processes.
LSD impacts self-boundaries
"LSD blurs the boundaries between one's own self and others during a social interaction ," explains Katrin Preller. They led the research team of the Neuropsychology and Brain Imaging group together with Prof. Franz Vollenweider and cooperated with the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Munich on the study. While lying in an MRI scanner, study participants communicated with a virtual avatar by means of eye movements after having been administered a placebo, LSD, or LSD in combination with ketanserin.
Changes in social interaction
"This allowed us to show that brain regions which are important for distinguishing between self and others were less active under the influence of LSD," says Preller. "And this also changed social interactions." The researchers were also able to show that the LSD-induced changes were blocked by ketanserin indicating that the serotonin 2A receptor (5-HT2A receptor) plays a critical role in this mechanism.
Approaches for new drugs
These findings demonstrate that self-experience and social interaction are closely linked. Varying impairments of these intertwined processes could be the result of an impaired transfer of information mediated by the 5-HT2A receptor system. This could be important for the development of new pharmacological therapies. For example, blocking this receptor in patients suffering from an incoherent sense of self such as schizophrenia could improve their symptoms as well as their social abilities. On the other hand, stimulating this receptor could help patients who suffer from an increased self-focus, as is the case with depression, for example.
###
HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (AP) – Marshall University's Department of Social Work will host a suicide prevention event on April 20 at its Huntington campus.
The university says the Walk for Hope: Campus Suicide Prevention and Education event will be from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. on the university's Memorial Student Center plaza.
Comments
comments
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
One man's close encounter with a black bear has given them a survival story of a lifetime. They jump-kicked the bear in the chest, as it stood on its hind legs in their Fallen Leaf Lake cabin.
Scroll for more content...
"I faced death," Johnny Bolton said. "And that's a strange feeling when you do, and then you walk away with a big scratch."
The bear broke through the front door of the cabin.
"Who knows what happens in these moments," Bolton said. "I did a jump-kick-this is martial arts training from age 8," Bolton said. "And I kicked them right in the chest."
Bolton showed us the scratches on their legs from the bear's claws. Bolton is no black belt, but against this black bear, their instinct kicked in.
"I didn't make a decision, I just kicked," Bolton said. "There was no cognitive process there. It was just instantaneous. 'I have to move this threat away from me,' and it was fight or flight, with no opportunity for flight."
Bolton says the jump-kick didn't move the bear much but left the animal stunned and maybe even scared.
"When I kicked the bear, the bear urinated," Bolton said. "When the whole thing was over I kind of checked, 'Did I? I think I might have.' And I didn't. So only one of us wet themselves but it was the bear."
Bolton's friends were upstairs asleep during the confrontation.
Gerry Orton came downstairs just as the bear was leaving.
"I had no idea the bear was inside the house," Orton said.
Beating the odds in a face-to-face confrontation with a bear with a karate move they hadn't practiced since they were a kid.
"There was no wax-on wax-off," Bolton said. "It was a lucky shot. Hit the bear just right, startled them enough."
The local Bear League installed an electrified mat on their porch in case the bear comes back.
This isn't the first time we've brought you the story of a local man confronting a bear. In 2015, it was the story of Carl, the man who defended their dog from a bear with a punch, that captured the imagination of the Internet.
"The man or beast I run from ain't been born, and it's mama's already dead."
LONDON (CNNMoney) -- French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours.
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the "right to disconnect" from email, smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended.
"These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and ... balance between work and family and personal life," the Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff. Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office.
If management and staff cannot agree on new rules, the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off.
French unions have long pushed for a "disconnect" rule, saying digital technologies have created an "explosion of undeclared labor" that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week.
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours. Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight.
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France's labor laws.
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay. The changes resulted in crippling strikes.
The country's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000, but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions.
France's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations.
The International Monetary Fund expects France's economy will grow by 1.3% this year, on a par with 2016.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A 23-year-old man who was “out for blood” when attempted to detonate what they believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and “that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation.”
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell “claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed” and indicated they were trying to build a team, the complaint states.
“I'm out for blood,” the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
“There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation,” said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with them on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that they had previously made homemade explosives and that they “was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement,” the complaint says.
“Something needs to be done,” Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated they wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what they believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by themselves from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that they believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people” and “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions.”
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
Lakeith Stanfield: An actor at home in the surreal
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-13', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 13', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Taylor Jewell, Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Image 1 of 13 Files - In this Jan. 21, 2018 file photo, actor Lakeith Stanfield poses for a portrait to promote the film, "Sorry To Bother You," in Park City, Utah. The film opens nationwide on July 6. (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP, File) less FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018 file photo, actor Lakeith Stanfield poses for a portrait to promote the film, "Sorry To Bother You," in Park City, Utah. The film opens nationwide on July 6. (Photo by Taylor ... more Photo: Taylor Jewell, Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP Image 2 of 13 This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Lakeith Stanfield as Cassius Green in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Lakeith Stanfield as Cassius Green in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) Photo: Annapurna Pictures, AP Image 3 of 13 This image released by FX shows Lakeith Stanfield in a scene from "Atlanta." (Guy D'Alema/FX via AP) This image released by FX shows Lakeith Stanfield in a scene from "Atlanta." (Guy D'Alema/FX via AP) Photo: Guy D'Alema, AP Image 4 of 13 Files - In this Jan. 21, 2018 file photo, actor Lakeith Stanfield poses for a portrait to promote the film, "Sorry To Bother You," in Park City, Utah. The film opens nationwide on July 6. (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP, File) less FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018 file photo, actor Lakeith Stanfield poses for a portrait to promote the film, "Sorry To Bother You," in Park City, Utah. The film opens nationwide on July 6. (Photo by Taylor ... more Photo: Taylor Jewell, Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP Image 5 of 13 Image 6 of 13 Files - In this Jan. 21, 2018 file photo, Armie Hammer, from left, Tessa Thompson, director Boots Riley, Steven Yeun and Terry Crews pose for a portrait to promote the film, "Sorry to Bother You," during the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah. The film, which also stars Lakeith Stanfield, opens nationwide on July 6. (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP, File) less FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018 file photo, Armie Hammer, from left, Tessa Thompson, director Boots Riley, Steven Yeun and Terry Crews pose for a portrait to promote the film, "Sorry to Bother You," during the ... more Photo: Taylor Jewell, Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP Image 7 of 13 This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Tessa Thompson, left, and Lakeith Stanfield in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Tessa Thompson, left, and Lakeith Stanfield in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) Photo: Annapurna Pictures, AP Image 8 of 13 This image released by FX shows Lakeith Stanfield, from left, Brian Tyree Henry and Donald Glover in "Atlanta." (Guy D'Alema/FX via AP) This image released by FX shows Lakeith Stanfield, from left, Brian Tyree Henry and Donald Glover in "Atlanta." (Guy D'Alema/FX via AP) Photo: Guy D'Alema, AP Image 9 of 13 This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Lakeith Stanfield, left, and Armie Hammer in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Lakeith Stanfield, left, and Armie Hammer in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) Photo: Annapurna Pictures, AP Image 10 of 13 Image 11 of 13 This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Tessa Thompson, left, and Lakeith Stanfield in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Tessa Thompson, left, and Lakeith Stanfield in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) Photo: Annapurna Pictures, AP Image 12 of 13 This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Lakeith Stanfield, foreground, and Danny Glover in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) This image released by Annapurna Pictures shows Lakeith Stanfield, foreground, and Danny Glover in a scene from the film, "Sorry To Bother You." (Annapurna Pictures via AP) Photo: Peter Prato, AP Image 13 of 13 Lakeith Stanfield: An actor at home in the surreal 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK (AP) — The weirder it gets, the more Lakeith Stanfield looks right at home.
It was Stanfield, as the bodysnatched Andrew Hayworth, personifying the nightmare of Jordan Peele's "Get Out." In Donald Glover's "Atlanta," their cosmically lackadaisical pot-smoking philosopher Darius is the epitome of the show's freewheeling surrealism. And in Boots Riley's comic and caustic social satire "Sorry to Bother You," Stanfield is the entry-level telemarketer Cassius ("Cash") Green, whose swift rise introduces them to a darkly dystopian world.
"I do find I'm a little more comfortable than the average person in strange situations, which is probably why I'm an actor," says Stanfield. "I've been in some strange situations. Like orgies. And I was in an orgy in this movie. It wasn't strange to me at all. I had no reservations about getting naked. I was supposed to be naked in this, full frontal.
They grin. "Maybe I am, I don't know."
Since their acclaimed feature-film debut in 2013's "Short Term 12," Stanfield, 26, has become one of the most arresting, unpredictable, and in-demand actors in Hollywood. They have played Jimmie Lee Jackson ("Selma"), Snoop Dogg ("Straight Outta Compton"), Miles Davis ("Miles Ahead") and, um, Chandler, in Jay-Z's "Friends"-style music video "Moonlight." In even their soberer parts, Stanfield has a disarmingly laid-back, unflappable presence, like their antennae is tuned to a different frequency than everyone else.
Glover, the "Atlanta" creator, vividly remembers first meeting Stanfield.
"He barely talked to me," Glover said in an email. "He was not concerned with getting the job at all. They were already living in a different dimension than the rest of us."
"Sorry to Bother You," which opens Friday on the heels of ecstatic reviews, Stanfield may have found the best feature-film vehicle yet for their particular dimension. The movie is a years-long passion project for Riley, the Bay-area hip-hop pioneer and activist, who along the way also spoke to Glover and Peele about the role. It's a wild, anti-capitalist romp through workplace America, all seen through the dazed eyes of Stanfield.
"What holds the movie together — which is why I picked Lakeith — is there's all this crazy stuff happening but you have to believe that character," says Riley. "If it's an actor that's like, 'Oh, this is how I show I'm scared. This is how I show I'm confused' — it wouldn't work. Lakeith doesn't care about what their face looks like. They just gets to that emotion."
In the film, Cassius is catapulted into overnight success once they begin using what an older employee played by Danny Glover terms is "your white voice." Stanfield's rise, though, has been predicated on remaining himself.
"It's a hard thing to be yourself and be available," Stanfield said in a recent interview in Soho. "It's much easier to use the white voice, which I've also done. But at some point, I become exhausted with it and I have to say what's on my mind and do what I feel. Part of that is the reason why people put cameras on me."
Stanfield has previously channeled into music their underprivileged upbringing in the Southern California desert city of Victorville. In eachof the 2015 music videos for their hip-hop duo Moors, Stanfield (who recently apologized for a freestyle with homophobic lyrics) returns to an image of drowning on the seafloor.
"At the time I made those, I felt smothered by circumstances," says Stanfield. "There was a lot of family drama at the time. I watched a family member that I love to try to kill themselves by suffocation. I was writing from that place. The reason why you haven't seen very much follow-up to that kind of material is because, luckily, I haven't been in those kinds of situations."
Drawn into acting by a high-school drama class, Stanfield came to Los Angeles at 18. They recall spending hours staring at Echo Lake in between auditions, with nothing else to do.
"I was homeless. And I was hungry sometimes," Stanfield says. "But I didn't really view it as hard. I always kept a positive idea about it. I remember being in my car listening to Jimi Hendrix and eating McDonald's and being like: One day, I'm going to remember this moment. And I still do."
Stanfield's breakthrough came via Destin Daniel Cretton's college short film "Short Term 12," which five years later became the feature about a foster care facility for at-risk teens. By then, Stanfield was in Sacramento working at a marijuana factory. Their character, who gradually comes out of their shell, mirrored Stanfield's own journey. But any reticence is now long gone.
"I always want to expand," says Stanfield. "I can learn something from everyone and everything and hopefully I get to play a dog that is also a cat, that is also a man and a woman and a flower so I can just be all versions of life."
"Playing a flower would be awesome," adds Stanfield, smiling, before referencing their "Atlanta" character. "It's a very Darius thing to say."
Exactly where Darius ends and Stanfield begins can be difficult to define. A lot of Darius' eccentric serenity comes directly from Stanfield, who improvises much of Darius' non-sequitur musing. "In some ways, they are me," says Stanfield.
"I think he's not acting. Acting is pretending. And Keith doesn't seem to pretend much," explains Glover. "Darius, like Lakeith, is living in the now. I can honestly say Lakeith is the only person in the world I know who could play Darius."
There's some method to Stanfield's madness, even if the method is the sort that worries directors. Riley discovered that himself, when they realized Stanfield didn't know their lines as shooting approached on "Sorry to Bother You."
"And he's like: 'I don't usually do that until right before,' says Riley. "His brain is still going through a process of finding the words. It might just be a millisecond more, but it's not that polished thing. That makes the lines more real for him. That's what all the fantastical elements and the absurdity rely on."
Last summer, Stanfield had a baby with their girlfriend, actor Xosha Roquemore. They have their biggest budget film yet coming in October: "The Girl in the Spider's Web." In a since-deleted Instagram post, Stanfield noted of the largely Swedish cast: "I'm the only black person in this film."
But having grown up gravitating toward movies that they saw themselves in, Stanfield likes the idea that "Sorry to Bother You" could be "some kid's 'Menace to Society' ... but with fewer guns."
"Now, black bodies can occupy space where we have these fantastical and absurd things happening, which we haven't seen," they say. "You can't do that when you're too busy trying to make yourself seem human. We can still talk about those things, but now we can also talk about these other things."
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
Our atmosphere is a better shield from meteoroids than researchers thought, according to a new paper published in Meteoritics & Planetary Science.
When a meteor comes hurtling toward Earth, the high-pressure air in front of it seeps into its pores and cracks, pushing the body of the meteor apart and causing it to explode.
"There's a big gradient between high-pressure air in front of the meteor and the vacuum of air behind it," said Jay Melosh, a professor of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences at Purdue University and co-author of the paper. "If the air can move through the passages in the meteorite, it can easily get inside and blow off pieces."
Researchers knew that meteoroids often blew up before they reach the Earth's surface, but they didn't know why. Melosh's team looked to the 2013 Chelyabinsk event, when a meteoroid exploded over Chelyabinsk, Russia, to explain the phenomenon.
The explosion came as a surprise and brought in energy comparable to a small nuclear weapon. When it entered Earth's atmosphere, it created a bright fireball. Minutes later, a shock wave blasted out nearby windows, injuring hundreds of people.
The meteoroid weighed around 10,000 tons, but only about 2,000 tons of debris were recovered, which meant something happened in the upper atmosphere that caused it to disintegrate. To solve the puzzle, the researchers used a unique computer code that allows both solid material from the meteor body and air to exist in any part of the calculation.
"I've been looking for something like this for a while," Melosh said. "Most of the computer codes we use for simulating impacts can tolerate multiple materials in a cell, but they average everything together. Different materials in the cell use their individual identity, which is not appropriate for this kind of calculation."
This new code allowed the researchers to push air into the meteoroid and let it percolate, which lowered the strength of the meteoroid significantly, even if it had been moderately strong to begin with.
While this mechanism may protect Earth's inhabitants from small meteoroids, large ones likely won't be bothered by it, they said. Iron meteoroids are much smaller and denser, and even relatively small ones tend to reach the surface.
###
This research was supported by NASA's Office of Planetary Defense under grant NNX14AL15G.
The Sweet Little Babies store on the Coes Road was the target of robbery last week.
Two prams were stolen from the shopfront after a window was smashed in the early hours of Wednesday (August 9) morning.
One of the units was of SuperGo brand, while the other was a black Yo2.
Anyone with information on any of the above incidents should contact the Gardaí on (042) 938 8400.
Wednesday on their nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to a shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, VA that had resulted in five people hospitalized, including House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA).
Limbaugh argued the shooter, identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois, was influenced by the media and the Democratic Party stoking hatred and resentment.
Partial transcript as follows (courtesy of RushLimbaugh.com):
The sad and unfortunate fact is that, as evidenced by the sound bite of me yesterday, I have foreseen this coming.
You can't continue to enrage people the way the left, and predominantly the media, has been doing. The Democrat Party and the left for years have been feeding this. And particularly since the election of Trump they have virtually assured their supporters that Trump is guilty, guilty of treason. And every congressional hearing is going to provide the proof. Every one. Sessions yesterday, Comey a couple of times, Sally Yates, you name it.
They build up these expectations that Trump is not really the president. They shouldn't have been. They cheated. They colluded with the Russians. There isn't any evidence for it, and so every time the left builds up an event where this is going to be established as fact and it blows up in their faces, it creates rising expectations followed immediately by rank disappointment and anger and letdown over the fact that it's not happening.
And I think these people on the left have been driven to this extreme for quite a while. I have been worried about it for I don't know how long. And I've been telling you so. And we could, if we wanted to, we could scour — well, we have. I could go back and show you tweets, I could read you tweets. I could read you statements made by elected Democrats and others promoting just this kind of behavior, just this kind of behavior. You can find it. If you look at the TV programs and the media personalities that this guy, Hodgkinson, was devoted to, you'll find out how radicalized they were by left-wing TV and comedy.
Last week Tonight With John Oliver, the Nightly Show on the Comedy Central, Democracy Now, The Ed Show, the Rachel Maddow Show. They apparently loved Rachel Maddow, wanted them to run for president. The Daily Show on Comedy Central, Real Time with Bill Maher. Those are the TV shows that they recommended everybody watch. Clearly, they were radicalized.
Now, I also want to say they probably started off this way. I don't know that this guy's ever been a rational, invisible functioning member of a community, but at some point they got radicalized, and if you dig deep you'll find — we've got examples of it to share with you. This guy is the exact personification when I sit here and talk about the lunatic fringe base, the deranged base of the Democrat Party, this is the guy. This is the face. This is the picture. This is what you get when you stoke and fuel hatred, raw hatred and resentment, at some point it's gonna blow over, because it cannot be contained, this kind of rage and repeated disappointment.
You add climate change probably to this guy's list of grievances, and I think everybody ought to take a step back and realize this guy is not isolated. This guy is probably typical. Not that there's going to be rampant shootings, but they just happened to go over the edge and pull the trigger. But he, to me, is exactly what I am unfortunately worried about when I look at the way all of these lies and all this nothingness, nothing burger stories have now been out there for month after month.
And you add everything else that the Democrat and the liberal media agenda is. It's nothing but anger, it's nothing but rage, it's nothing but hatred, and it has to have an outlet. And they know it. The fact is, they know it.
The fourth explosion in less than three weeks in Austin, Texas, is the work of a serial bomber, police declared Monday.
The latest blast occurred just after 8:30 p.m. local time Sunday. Two bicyclists, white men aged 22 and 23, suffered injuries described as serious but not life-threatening after setting off a tripwire attached to a bomb in a Travis County neighborhood in southwestern Austin.
After the blast, authorities asked residents of the neighborhood not to leave their homes until 2 p.m. local time Monday.
The latest explosion marks a departure from the first three blasts, which were left at people's homes. Authorities also noted Monday that the explosive devices are getting more sophisticated.
"We are clearly dealing with a serial bomber," Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said in a Monday press conference.
"We will have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this."
— Austin Police Dept (@Austin_Police) March 19, 2018
​"We now need the community to have an extra level of vigilance and pay attention to any suspicious device — whether it be a package or a bag, a backpack — anything that looks out of place. And do not approach items like that," Brian Manley added.
The FBI has dispatched 350 special agents to Austin since the Sunday explosion.
"With this tripwire, this changes things," said Christopher Combs, special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio division. "It's more sophisticated, it's not targeted to individuals… a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
In the first week of March, 39-year-old Anthony Stephen House was killed when a package exploded in their home. Authorities at the time described it as an "isolated incident."
March 12, two other package explosions took place: the first killed 17-year-old student Draylen Mason while the second explosion critically injured 75-year-old Esperanza Herrera, who was visiting their mother at the time of the incident. The bomb that injured Herrera was not addressed to their home. It is unclear whether they opened a box not addressed to them
House and Mason, who are black, had relatives who were reportedly good friends and important members of Ausin's black community. Freddie Dixon, House's stepfather, told the Washington Post that they are good friends with Mason's grandfather, Norman Mason. They were fraternity brothers and Norman Mason went to a church where Dixon used to be a pastor.
In all three instances, the packages were found outside the homes in the early morning and were not delivered by any mail services. The similarities between the packages and the fact that the first three victims were minorities impelled police to investigate the bombings as potential hate crimes. It is not known whether the fact that the latest victims are white will change the direction of the investigation.
Austin police are offering a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the person or people responsible for the bombings.
— Chief Brian Manley (@chief_manley) March 19, 2018
On Saturday, Austin police arrested 26-year-old Trevor Weldon Ingram for making a bomb threat at the South by Southwest festival, targeting a venue where popular hip-hop band The Roots was scheduled to perform that night.
The emailed threat was reported to police by a Live Nation Music representative. The concert's sponsor, Bud Light, canceled the concert even after officials found no explosives at the site.
The Sitka School District's counselors are taking the offensive as the administration begins to outline next year's budget. Counselors from every building shared an hour-by-hour look into their work days on Dec. 4 for the Sitka School Board, and the range of emotional and behavioral issues they typically address.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
There were smiles all around Saturday afternoon as residents of Winona Manor, along with fami-ly members and friends, enjoyed the annual Christmas party.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The WINONA TIMES and The CONSERVATIVE.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://winonatimes.com/user/login
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://winonatimes.com/existing-subscribers
Oyster stocks in a Cornish fishery are sustained thanks to "inefficient" traditional fishing methods, new research suggests.
The Fal oyster fishery is home to the only sail-driven commercial fishing fleet in Europe, and the oysters are caught using hand-hauled dredges.
The "inherent inefficiency" of these methods is the "crucial feature" in preventing overfishing and ensuring the fishery's long-term survival, according to scientists from the University of Exeter.
Motorising the fleet would - at a "conservative" estimate - result in a nine-fold increase in the amount of fishing done there, the researchers said.
"The Fal fishery sailing fleet isn't just pretty for tourists - it maintains a fishery that could be exhausted if it were mechanised with engines and hauling gear," said Professor Richard ffrench-Constant, of the Centre for Ecology and Conservation on Exeter's Penryn Campus in Cornwall.
"This is one of only three oyster fisheries left in England, and the other two (in the Solent and the Thames Estuary) have experienced temporary closures to protect dwindling stocks."
Oyster stocks have fallen in the Fal fishery over recent decades, but the researchers say disease and the introduction of motorised fishing are the biggest threats to its existence.
"In this study, we wanted to find out whether the longevity of the Fal oyster fishery was linked to traditional methods that have been used for centuries," Professor ffrench-Constant said.
"The fishery has gone through periods of over-exploitation, but the key to its long-term survival appears to be linked to the traditional - and inefficient - methods used."
Oysters used to be seen as food for the poor, but are now regarded as "one of the world's ultimate luxury foods".
The native European flat oyster (Ostrea edulis) is now a threatened native species due to pollution, overfishing and non-native Pacific oysters.
The Exeter researchers used GPS tracking and on-board observers to demonstrate that dredging under sail is inefficient compared to more modern mechanically powered methods.
"The trend in commercial fisheries over the last hundred years has been for mechanisation, bigger boats and more advanced gear," said lead author Stephen Long, of the Zoological Society of London and University College London.
"Bucking this trend, the Fal is a unique fishery where we can examine the efficacy of traditional practices and compare them with modern industrial fishing.
"This rare opportunity has enabled us to gain important scientific and fishery management insights."
Dr Matthew Witt, of the Environment and Sustainability Institute at the University of Exeter, added: "People are becoming increasingly interested in where their food comes from and how it is sourced.
"This can be used to promote more sustainable methods, and the Fal oyster fishery is a promising example of this."
###
The study, published in the Fisheries and Aquaculture Journal, is entitled: "Have centuries of inefficient fishing sustained a wild oyster fishery: a case study."
DETROIT (AP) – A man who says their career suffered after they posted a photo of themselves wearing a Santa Claus costume and holding a semi-automatic rifle has cleared a key hurdle in a lawsuit against the state of Michigan.
Calvin Congden's lawsuit can proceed on their First Amendment claim and other arguments. Federal Judge Mark Goldsmith released a decision Tuesday.
Congden, an Army veteran, worked for Michigan's Child Protective Services division. They say they lost favor with managers after posting their Santa photo on Facebook.
Congden says a manager told co-workers that they “looked crazy” and warned them to be careful. The state says Congden eventually resigned under a settlement with their union.
Congden says the state illegally retaliated against them because of their Facebook post and complaints to others.
The owner of an abandoned Illinois pet store has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals after police allegedly discovered the carcasses of 41 rabbits, gerbils, guinea pigs, degus, reptiles, hamsters and mice inside, PEOPLE confirms.
Macomb Police Chief Curt Barker told reporters Tuesday their officers were summoned to the Macomb Petland on Saturday, after receiving a complaint regarding a bad smell emanating from the locked-up pet shop.
Barker said responding police immediately detected a strong odor, determining it was rotting animals and ammonia — from weeks of urine from the 56 animals that were found inside alive.
The recovered animals were mostly cats and dogs, Barker said.
Efforts are underway to place all of those animals in foster care.
They say the store's power was shut off May 14 for non-payment of bills.
Jessica Spangler, who owns the store, has yet to plead to the charge against them It was not immediately clear if they have a lawyer who could comment on their behalf.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Spangler, 38, allegedly told police they had arranged for someone else to care for the animals in their store, Barker revealed.
“The criminal justice system is going to take care of this,” Barker said. “Our state's attorney is on top of this and he's done an outstanding job helping us with all of this, the investigation, getting a warrant and reviewing everything. Justice will be done in the end, so please be patient and let the process take place.”
An undisclosed number of fish also died.
A statement from Macomb Police cautions the public from rushing to judgement.
“It is important to remember that people are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law,” the statement reads, which promises detectives will “conduct a full and complete investigation into this matter.”
ONE of the world's largest cargo planes landed at Adelaide Airport this morning in front of a crowd of awe-struck onlookers.
The Antonov 124-100 touched down from over the sea just after 9am this morning.
Camera Icon Crowds gathered to watch the Antonov 124-100 touching down at Adelaide Airport this morning. Picture: AAP/Matt Loxton Picture: News Corp Australia
It will spend the day at the airport before taking off at 10.30pm tonight.
The Antonov, which has landed in Adelaide three times in the last four months, is the biggest make of plane to land at the airport.
Aviation enthusiasts took to social media to share pictures of the arrival.
As the first schools and colleges that will teach the new T-level technical qualifications are announced, we ask in what ways – if any – these new qualifications might be useful
T-levels, designed to be a vocational alternative to A-levels, will begin to be taught to teenagers in 2020, covering subjects such as construction, digital skills, education, and on a less technical level, hair care and beauty and childcare. Announced by chancellor of the exchequer Philip Hammond in the 2017 budget, the 22 planned courses will have more teaching hours than most current technical programs and will include a compulsory work placement of 40 to 60 days. The first 52 schools and colleges that will teach T-levels were announced over the weekend.
According to prime minister Theresa May, T-levels represent the most significant reform to advance technical education in the UK for 70 years, and Jane Gratton, head of skills policy at the British Chamber of Commerce, believes they will be important part of the solution to the problem of filling the skills gap, as experienced workers in technical industries retire and there are not enough properly qualified younger people to fill the vacancies they leave.
There have always been a variety of routes in the British education system for people to enter technical industries, and although these have changed over the years, the standard routes of studying STEM subjects in preparation for an apprenticeship or university course in science or engineering are well established.
So we would like to ask about whether these new qualifications will be valuable, and if so, what is their greatest value likely to be? Assuming that the courses are well formulated and funded, will their biggest contribution to the economy be in making sure that more school leavers are ready for work and do not need lengthy periods of training before they can make a proper contribution to their employer? Will they take pressure off university STEM courses, removing the need for remedial or catch up sections to make sure that all students have the requisite knowledge to continue? Is there a danger that they will be seen as an alternative to apprenticeships rather than bolstering them? Is the whole idea of diverting possible A-level students into a heavily vocational course contrary to the spirit of education, which is supposed to prepare one for life and not just for a job?
We would remind readers that all comments are moderated and urge them to read our guidelines for the content of comments. We may edit for grammar or clarity, and will ensure that discussion flows freely and does not get sidetracked. We will publish the results of this poll on June 5, 2018.
Sheryl Crow has released a tribute single to mark the fifth anniversary of the Sandy Hook Tragedy.
The 55-year-old singer has teamed up with Sandy Hook Promise - a national non-profit organization that was set up by grieving family members who lost loved ones in the massacre in 2012 - to record a track titled 'The Dreaming Kind' to remember the 20 students and six teachers who were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newton, Connecticut, on December 14, 2012.
Speaking to People about the track, the 'If It Makes You Happy' musician said: "I have the same experience everyone does - complete and total devastation and disillusionment."
And Sheryl has revealed their partnership with the charity, which strives to prevent gun violence, gave a "purpose" to their writing.
They added: "It seemed to give purpose to my writing.
"When Sandy Hook happened, we knew it was a life-changing moment where we were going to address the idea that not everyone should be approved to own a gun, especially military-style weaponry and yet, nothing happened. At some point, the alarm clock has to go off and we have to wake up."
'The Dreaming Kind' also features Sheryl's 12-year-old niece Ava on the record, as well as their nephews Bradley, 19, and Chase, 17, and the artist believes the insertion of their relatives "very innocent" vocals makes the single "pure and very touching".
Sheryl said: "She's still very innocent and very wide-eyed. Them voice is pure and very touching. They came over, they sang it four times and it was perfect."
And Sheryl believes they will have to explain to their sons Levi, seven, and Wyatt, 10, whys they penned the song, and also educate them about crime and that it can also take place in school as well.
They said: "I'm going to have to explain to them that at school, before this, it was place you went that was safe. I'm sure it will be a conversation that we will continue to have for as long as this is happening."
Dundalk business GECKO Governance is delighted to announce that Jeff Parker, former Thompson Financial CEO & Chairman and Founder of First Call, will be joining the board as an Advisor.
GECKO, which is based in DkIT's Regional Development Centre and is owned by Dundalk man Shane Brett, is the world's first RegTech regulatory solution for bank and fund financial compliance will now ensure ICOs and Token Sales are regulatory compliant from start to finish.
Parker said: "I see many strong links between my past businesses and GECKO Governance's project. First Call Corporation, for example, created, organised, and delivered new standards for the exchange of equity research. GECKO Governance now wants to do the same for the ICO and Token Sale space, and I am excited to be involved. I am very impressed with their current offering and am excited to help the team refine their strategy as they expand."
Over the past 40 years, Parker has garnered a wealth of financial expertise. In 1980, they founded Technical Data Corporation, which offered fixed income financial analytic services for the institutional investor community.
Three years later, they set-up First Call Corporation, which became one of the financial community's leading providers of real-time broker-sourced industry research, earnings estimates, equity and corporate industry updates. They sold them both to the Thompson Corporation in 1986.
By 1997, Parker had established a venture capital firm focusing on start-ups, as well as CCBN.com (Corporate Communications Broadcast Network), which was instrumental in facilitating direct communication between the investment community and public companies through the internet.  They are an alumnus of Cornell University, having completed bachelor's and master's degrees, as well as an MBA there.
They have been recognised as a foremost benefactor of the University, having founded the Parker Center for Investment Research at the Johnson School.
"Jeff Parker has had an incredible career in fintech, and is sure to bring valuable knowledge and experience to GECKO Governance. We are delighted to have Jeff come on board as our advisor, and we look forward to incorporating their expertise into the GECKO platform," said CEO of GECKO Governance, Shane Brett.
GECKO Governance aims to expand its existing service offering in bank and fund compliance by creating a platform that will ensure an ICO or Token Sale is regulatory compliant from start to finish. The GECKO Governance platform enables ICO and Token Sale projects to be vetted by investors, while providing an independent audit trail for regulators.
It is implemented on a blockchain to ensure trusted, secure, decentralised compliance across the entire ecosystem of data providers and consumers.
"This is an exciting time to be getting involved with a pioneering company in the blockchain industry. In the early days of the internet, my companies helped level the playing field by helping all stakeholders, large and small, communicate better together. Advising on this project is a clear opportunity to do that all over again in an exciting new industry that is going to have applications so powerful they will change the world as we know it," concluded Jeff Parker.
Read our interview with GECKO CEO Shane Brett from earlier this year: www.dundalkdemocrat.ie/news/news/300535/interview-tech-startup-ceo-shane-brett-on-growing-a-globally-successful-business-from-dundalk-it-s-regional-development-centre.html
It's hard to believe, but Week 5 of the 2017 NFL season is underway which can only mean one thing: Bye week drama.
Teams on a bye week during Week 5 are the following: Atlanta Falcons, Denver Broncos, New Orleans Saints, Washington Redskins. That's a lot of teams with legitimate fantasy starters that will be left on the bench this week.
Without the likes of Julio Jones, Devonta Freeman, Mark Ingram, Emmanuel Sanders and more, fantasy owners will be tested this week as they maneuver around the waiver-wire and make multiple lineup changes.
Here, we'll take a look at a few backup running backs who will step into the spotlight this week and some players who should be left on the bench where they belong. Don't let bye weeks and injuries distract you from another win this week. Check out this week's “Boom or Bust” prospects below:
BOOM
Latavius Murray, RB, Minnesota Vikings
With Dalvin Cook out for the season with an ACL injury, someone will be getting the carries out of Minnesota's backfield. And that somebody is Latavius Murray.
Latavius Murray took over as the top back after Dalvin Cook's injury, making them a prime option for fantasy owners https://t.co/fuWeuRdHgc — Sports Illustrated (@SInow) October 2, 2017
Murray has proven to be a capable back in the NFL, rushing for over 1,000 yards in 2015 and another 788 yards in 2016, averaging 4.0 yards per carry in both seasons. Although he's averaging just 2.7 yards per carry this season, keep in mind that he's only had 14 touches through four games and that's not nearly enough carries to properly judge their performance off of.
It's fair to say that Murray won't replicate the success that Cook was having for the Vikings before their season ended, but fantasy owners don't need to flashy plays - they just need the production. Murray could be the bell-cow for Minnesota moving forward, even with Jerick McKinnon practicing in full this week.
But for the short term, know that Murray will be getting those goal line touches and running in between the tackles this week against the Chicago Bears.
Marshawn Lynch, RB, Oakland Raiders
The man who replaced Latavius Murray in Oakland is also expected to have a big game this weekend. Marshawn Lynch may not have looked like their old “Beast Mode” self in recent weeks as the Raiders have struggled running and passing the ball.
With Derek Carr out for what looks to be anywhere from 2-6 weeks, you might consider benching Lynch since the Raiders won't be as good on offense. But Carr's absence is exactly the reason why Lynch's value goes up this week.
Beast Mode to thrive?@MattFranchise sees a big game for Marshawn Lynch on the Week 5 horizonhttps://t.co/iXjYlF2VCz pic.twitter.com/VPoijJHsei — NFL Fantasy Football (@NFLfantasy) October 6, 2017
The Raiders will have to rely on a run-heavy gameplan, an ideology that fits perfectly with Lynch. If you're in a PPR league, expect Lynch to touch the ball about 20 times on Sunday, which will be easy points before factoring in any yards or touchdowns they might get as well.
Averaging 3.4 yards per carry through four games this season, Lynch and their fantasy owners are in dire need of a breakout game. Rushing for a combined 30 yards in the past two weeks won't cut it much longer for one of the league's most powerful backs.
Going up against the Baltimore Ravens defense, which has surrendered 428 yards from scrimmage and three touchdowns to opposing running backs, all signs are pointing up for the former Seattle Seahawk.
Be ready to slot Lynch as a No. 1 back this week. He's ready to go off.
Bilal Powell, RB, New York Jets
In a week littered with injuries and bye weeks to some of the top running backs in the league, it's difficult to spot a No. 1 caliber fantasy option who will be playing this weekend. But because of these unfortunate injuries, opportunities arise for second-string players, like the asupervisorstioned Murray, to step into a bell-cow role.
Enter Bilal Powell.
The New York Jets running back will benefit from Matt Forte's absence this weekend when the Jets take on the Cleveland Browns, a defense that ranks 14th in most fantasy points allowed to opposing backs this season.
Last week, Powell went on a tear against the Jacksonville Jaguars, rushing for 163 yards and a touchdown on 21 carries as Jets and fantasy owners soon forget all about Forte's absence.
They aren't down! ??@BilalPowell29 falls, gets back up...
And takes it 75 yards to the house! #JAXvsNYJ pic.twitter.com/qOVSuOK548 — NFL (@NFL) October 1, 2017
Projected to score 10.82 points in standard Yahoo leagues and 28.09 points in PPR leagues, expect Powell to crush those projections with a big performance against the Browns, where they are likely to find the end zone in what should be a comfortable win for the Jets.
BUST
Tarik Cohen, RB, Chicago Bears
After an electrifying Week 1 debut that saw Tarik Cohen burst onto the scene for the Chicago Bears, the rookie running back has come back to Earth in recent weeks, leaving fantasy owners pulling their hair out.
There's no question Cohen is a dangerous player when they have the ball in their hands, especially in the passing game. But how much can fantasy owners rely on Cohen in third down situations, when they haven't gotten more than 12 carries out of the backfield in any game this season?
I'm no football coach but giving Tarik Cohen only two carries seems like a bad idea — Nick Kostos (@TheKostos) September 29, 2017
Jordan Howard is still the best running back to own in Chicago's backfield, and at this point Cohen isn't worth more than a handcuff that can play in the FLEX during a starter's bye week.
Playing against a staunch Minnesota Vikings defense that has allowed the third-fewest points to opposing running backs this season, it's hard to imagine Howard or Cohen having much success this week.
Cohen is averaging an impressive 6.0 yards per carry through four games, but he's only been given 30 carries total. Until they receive a higher percentage of snaps for Chicago, he's too risky to play. Leave Cohen on the bench or play them in the FLEX only if necessary.
Joe Mixon, RB, Cincinnati Bengals
For all the noise (good and bad) surrounding Joe Mixon coming out of college, they haven't been very productive thus far into their rookie season for the Cincinnati Bengals.
To be fair, the Bengals are bad. Really bad. Their offensive line can't pass or run block, leaving Mixon getting stuffed at the line of scrimmage far too often. In PPR leagues, the argument can be made to play them regardless if they average more than three yards per carry. In the past two weeks, Mixon has established themselves as the lead back for the Bengals with 35 carries combined in both games.
Bengals final HB snap count:
Joe Mixon 31
Giovani Bernard 21
Jeremy Hill 12
Out of 64 — Nathan Jahnke (@PFF_NateJahnke) October 1, 2017
But in standard leagues, touches don't count as points, meaning that fantasy owners have to rely on actual production. Against the Browns, Mixon could only muster 29 yards on 17 carries, a 1.7 yards per carry. On the season, Mixon has mustered up 136 rushing yards on 2.6 yards per carry.
Because of the dysfunction surrounding Cincinnati's offensive, Mixon is unplayable at this moment, especially when you consider that he's going up against the Buffalo Bills, who've allowed the eighth-fewest points to opposing running backs this season.
Matthew Stafford, QB, Detroit Lions
After starting out the season with a 292 yard, four touchdown performance against the Arizona Cardinals in Week 1, Matthew Stafford has cooled off significantly in the past two weeks. And Week 5 won't be any different.
Coming off a rough performance against the Vikings, throwing for 209 yards on 19-of-31 passing with zero touchdowns and zero interceptions, Stafford didn't bring much to the table for their fantasy owners in Week 4.
With the exception of Week 1, Stafford has thrown for 595 yards and three touchdowns in three games. That's an average of 198.3 passing yards and one touchdown per game; not good enough to remain a starter in fantasy leagues.
Since hanging 27.08 fantasy points on the Cardinals in Week 1, here is Matthew Stafford's output:
13.18
16.46
10.06 — Alex Gelhar (@AlexGelhar) October 3, 2017
While there aren't many options left on the waiver-wire at the quarterback position, there are some players that are projected to have a better Week 5 than Stafford.
With Stafford and the Detroit lions going up against the Carolina Panthers, who have allowed the seventh-fewest points to opposing quarterbacks this season, leave Stafford on the bench until they prove themselves with a solid performance.
If you're desperate for a quarterback this weekend, look no further than Indianapolis Colts quarterback Jacoby Brissett, who could have a field day against the San Francisco 49ers defense that has given up the sixth-most points to opposing quarterbacks this season.
All stats and projections are courtesy of Yahoo Sports.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Is Tesla about to release self-driving cars?
This has been the question on everybody's lips for years now. The latest data out from the USA suggest the company may not be nearly so close as we hoped.
California makes every car company that tests autonomous cars on the state's roads release a report each year. The reports came out for 2017 and Tesla is mysteriously absent.
It claims it did not test any cars in California last year. This is intriguing. Tesla's offices are in California and its car manufacturing plant is in California. It tested autonomous cars on the road in that state in 2016. Why stop in 2017?
Advertisement
Tesla CEO Elon Musk is not usually reluctant to boast about progress. Their social media is full of claims and boasts about how fast Tesla (and their other companies) are going. Tesla claims it is still doing testing, just not in California. It raises a question: if Tesla is choosing to do its testing in a place where it doesn't have to report its results, does that suggest it is proud of its progress?
Competition in self-driving cars is intense. The company that can make a safe self-driving car will have a huge market at its fingertips. Billions of dollars are up for grabs. Trillions maybe.
Self-driving is showing itself to be a harder challenge than electric propulsion and I believe it will bring more value to car owners. It could turn commutes into productive time, reduce accidents and blast away traffic jams. And the benefits go beyond that: Imagine being able to nap down in the back of your car in Melbourne and wake up the next morning in Sydney.
GOOGLE BY MILES
The state of California demands anyone testing self-driving vehicles on their roads keep a person in the driver's seat. They must report how many miles were driven and how often the driver had to take over from the autonomous system. This is known as disengagements.
Disengagements per mile help indicate how advanced some of the driverless systems are. Beware, the data are not perfect. It might be possible to game them by setting an autonomous car loose to drive up and down a very safe street. Some nervous test drivers might intervene in the car's operation more than others. And some companies might count things slightly differently. All that can affect the data. But for now it's the best we have.
The next chart shows how many miles you can expect to go by in an autonomous car before the driver takes over. In the Mercedes autonomous car, it's 1.3 miles, or about every 2km. In the Google (Waymo) autonomous car, it's every 6,500 miles, or about every 10,000km. The rest are in the middle.
All the results are from 2017, except Tesla. Its 2016 result is included for reference.
Tesla has had a number of embarrassing missteps and dangerous crashes with its autopilot system. A man died when their car drove itself right into a truck several years back. Just a few weeks ago another Tesla crashed into a big red firetruck while in autopilot.
Tesla's self-driving division is showing signs of issues. Not only losing top staff but also technology. It had a relationship with a supplier of autonomous driving technology called MobilEye, but some time after the fatal crash the two companies went their separate ways. When Tesla rebuilt their own system from scratch it took a long time to catch up to where MobilEye had been.
Elon Musk, undeterred, promised a Tesla would be able to drive all the way across America without driver intervention by the end of 2017. That didn't happen. And in what has become folklore among Tesla-watchers, they made the following famous statement about how long it would take for Tesla's self-driving technology to evolve from the current autopilot.
"3 months maybe, 6 months definitely," Musk said.
More than 12 months later, there is no sign of full self-driving.
SHADOW WORLD
But is it possible Tesla, despite all the signs, is actually ahead of everyone? It says it is using "shadow mode" to do miles of testing using "hundreds of thousands of customer-owned vehicles."
"In "shadow mode," features run in the background without actuating vehicle controls in order to provide data on how the features would perform in real world and real time conditions. This data allows Tesla to safely compare self-driving features not only to our existing Autopilot advanced driver assistance system, but also to how drivers actually drive in a wide variety of road conditions and situations," the company says.
IN THEORY
In theory this can give Tesla huge advantages. But unlike real world testing, where companies report the miles done, Tesla forces us to take their word for it.
Theoretical testing might also put it at a big disadvantage with the Californian regulator if it ever tries to get a full self-driving vehicle approved. Would it really put Tesla ahead of companies whose systems have been rubber-on-tarmac for years?
When it comes to autonomous driving Tesla has been trading off promises for years. But the moment is coming where we need to see results to believe them. Before long human drivers are going to disengage from the company's self-driving claims.
LIVERPOOL and Egypt fans held their breath as they watched Mohamed Salah tumble to the ground in a heap under the challenge of Sergio Ramos.
With Real Madrid and Reds players standing over him, the forward remained motionless on the pitch.
Clutching their shoulder and wincing in pain, they were eventually taken off on the biggest stage of them all with their World Cup now highly in doubt.
But was this injury in the Champions League final a punishment from God for breaking their Ramadan fast?
An Islamic preacher seems to think so.
Camera Icon Mohamed Salah receives treatment from the medical team during the UEFA Champions League Final. Picture: Getty Images
A devout Muslim, Salah initially claimed that they were going to continue fasting during the build up to the final, but a club physiotherapist confirmed that they would change their plans after speaking to the club nutritionist.
Muslim's are allowed to break their fast for travel purposes, but Kuwaiti preacher Mubarak al-Bathali has slammed the Egyptian, blaming them for their own injury.
The preacher has claimed that Salah sinned by breaking their fast for the match itself, rather than the journey from Britain to Ukraine, which was “not a legitimate excuse”.
“God punished him,” they wrote on Twitter.
“Unfortunately, [he will] bear the burden.
“Do not think the Muslim believes that life is managed by reason and effort, but life is the hand of God comes to whom they will, whether hard or not diligent.
“Perhaps the injury is good for you.
“Do not grieve, the door of repentance is open,” they said.
Prices for Petrol and diesel have fallen by 7 paise and 5 paise per litre respectively on Thursday.
Petrol in Delhi now costs Rs 78.35 a litre and Diesel 69.25 per litre.
The revised Petrol price in other metro cities are- 80.98 in Kolkata, 86.16 in Mumbai, 81.35 in Chennai
While the revised Diesel price was 71.80 in Kolkata, 73.73 in Mumbai and 73.12 in Chennai.
The fuel price was slashed for the second day after the price remained high for 16 consecutive days.
On Wednesday there was 'a drop' in the rates- of one paisa.
The Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL) in a statement clarified that the petrol prices in Delhi have gone down by one paisa and not 60 paise, as reported earlier. State Capitals (Applicable from 6:00 a.m. on 31-05-2018) Petrol Current Price(Per Lt) Petrol Previous Price(Per Lt) Change(Rs) Petrol price in Delhi Rs.78.35 Rs.78.42 -0.07 Petrol price in Kolkata Rs.80.98 Rs.81.05 -0.07 Petrol price in Mumbai Rs.86.16 Rs.86.23 -0.07 Petrol price in Chennai Rs.81.35 Rs.81.42 -0.07 Petrol price in Faridabad Rs.79.11 Rs.79.18 -0.07 Petrol price in Gurgaon Rs.78.87 Rs.78.94 -0.07 Petrol price in Noida Rs.78.81 Rs.78.86 -0.05 Petrol price in Ghaziabad Rs.78.69 Rs.78.75 -0.06 Petrol price in Agartala Rs.73.99 Rs.74.06 -0.07 Petrol price in Aizwal Rs.74.11 Rs.74.18 -0.07 Petrol price in Ambala Rs.78.45 Rs.78.52 -0.07 Petrol price in Bangalore Rs.79.63 Rs.79.70 -0.07 Petrol price in Bhopal Rs.83.98 Rs.84.05 -0.07 Petrol price in Bhubhaneswar Rs.77.15 Rs.77.22 -0.07 Petrol price in Chandigarh Rs.75.35 Rs.75.42 -0.07 Petrol price in Dehradun Rs.79.27 Rs.79.33 -0.06 Petrol price in Gandhinagar Rs.77.64 Rs.77.71 -0.07 Petrol price in Gangtok Rs.81.35 Rs.81.40 -0.05 Petrol price in Guwahati Rs.80.57 Rs.80.65 -0.08 Petrol price in Hyderabad Rs.83.00 Rs.83.07 -0.07 Petrol price in Imphal Rs.76.40 Rs.76.47 -0.07 Petrol price in Itanagar Rs.74.14 Rs.74.20 -0.06 Petrol price in Jaipur Rs.81.13 Rs.81.21 -0.08 Petrol price in Jammu Rs.80.03 Rs.80.09 -0.06 Petrol price in Jullunder Rs.83.62 Rs.83.69 -0.07 Petrol price in Kohima Rs.76.77 Rs.76.84 -0.07 Petrol price in Lucknow Rs.78.75 Rs.78.81 -0.06 Petrol price in Panjim Rs.72.20 Rs.72.27 -0.07 Petrol price in Patna Rs.83.81 Rs.83.88 -0.07 Petrol price in Pondicherry Rs.77.09 Rs.77.16 -0.07 Petrol price in Port Blair Rs.67.49 Rs.67.55 -0.06 Petrol price in Raipur Rs.78.72 Rs.78.79 -0.07 Petrol price in Ranchi Rs.77.92 Rs.77.97 -0.05 Petrol price in Shillong Rs.77.69 Rs.77.76 -0.07 Petrol price in Shimla Rs.78.50 Rs.78.57 -0.07 Petrol price in Srinagar Rs.82.72 Rs.82.79 -0.07 Petrol price in Trivandrum Rs.82.54 Rs.82.61 -0.07 Petrol price in Silvasa Rs.76.20 Rs.76.26 -0.06 Petrol price in Daman Rs.76.12 Rs.76.19 -0.07
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti has proposed building a monorail along the Interstate 405 to connect the San Fernando Valley with West Los Angeles on Tuesday, relieving traffic on one of the world's busiest and most congested roads.
Garcetti floated the idea on KNX-AM's “Ask the Mayor” program, according to the Los Angeles Times. They reportedly said that monorails could scale the relatively steep grade of the Sepulveda Pass, which the 405 passes through, while ordinary light rail cannot manage the incline.
Currently, there are numerous bus links between the San Fernando Valley and the rest of Los Angeles. The L.A. Metro Red Line also links the valley to downtown via a station at North Hollywood.
California is not short of new ideas for public transportation. Governor Jerry Brown continues to back the troubled California High-Speed Rail Authority, which intends to link Los Angeles to the San Francisco area through the Central Valley. Tesla CEO Elon Musk is developing the Hyperloop, a new technology that proposes to link the two cities along the Interstate 5 corridor using rail pods launched within a vacuum tube.
However, Californians seem to prefer their cars regardless of available public transportation options. Politicians seem to prefer new rail lines over existing bus lines, which are already heavily subsidized.
The Times notes that the monorail could be funded through sales tax revenues collected under Measure M, which was passed by Los Angeles County voters in November and which is intended to fund transportation projects. However, there have been no steps taken to begin the development or design of a monorail.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Photo: file
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signed legislation today adding tougher sentences for assaults on off-duty law enforcement officers.
Ducey signed the legislation Monday after heated debates arose over it in the Legislature. The governor said in a written statement the legislation “sends the clear message that Arizona stands firmly with its men and women in uniform.”
The “Blue Lives Matter” law drew criticism from Democratic lawmakers who called it an affront to the “Black Lives Matter” movement that protests police killings of black people and racial profiling. Republican backers say even off-duty officers deserve higher protections.
Prosecutors would have to show the assault was motivated by the officer's employment. Assaulting an on-duty officer or an off-duty officer acting in a law enforcement role already draws a harsher sentence.
BUSINESS owners are being forced to advertise with the world's two biggest digital platforms just to stay afloat, Australia's competition watchdog has heard, even though some feel they're not getting what they pay for.
The multibillion-dollar tech giants, Facebook and Google, have now completely taken over from the humble Yellow Pages, the advertisers argued, and were “locking” Australians into their digital tools and buying up new players so they could not switch to competitors.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission heard the complaints of advertisers in Melbourne today in the second public forum staged as part of its investigation into digital platforms.
MORE: Aussies feel ‘bullied' by tech giants
MORE: Ditching Facebook ‘lowers stress in just five days'
MORE: Mark Zuckerberg admits Facebook “hasn't done enough”
Camera Icon Business owners say they are being ‘forced' to advertise with Facebook and Google. Picture: AFP
Inquiry general manager Morag Bond said “the growth of digital advertising” and the increasing use of consumers' personal information had made advertising “far more complex” and the inquiry would investigate how the changes were affecting Australian businesses.
While Ms Bond said the watchdog had an “open mind” about what digital platforms were having the greatest impact in Australia, the Melbourne audience named two companies as dominating forces: Facebook and Google.
One advertising executive said Australian businesses had little choice but to advertise on Facebook, Google or both, just as small businesses relied on the Telstra Yellow Pages in the past.
“Could a small business have operated without the Yellow Pages? Typically, they wouldn't try,” they said. “It's the same now, instead now it's globalised.”
Another advertiser said the big two advertising giants were not only dominating the market in Australia, but making it hard to try competitors as they emerged.
“The platforms are getting very good at locking advertisers into a certain set of tools and that makes it very hard to switch,” they said.
“The other thing that the two big players do very well is had a range of educational offerings that bring in new players to start them on a digital advertising journey.”
One business person said the tech giants' dominance of the advertising market meant “bargaining power (was) limited” and prices continued to rise, and others argued new threats to the market were either failing or being taken over by the big two.
“What we've seen is emerging platforms tend to get bought by one of the two giants,” they said. “The tech giants tend to be drawing all the growth out of the digital ecosystem.”
Australian advertisers also raised concerns about how many times their advertisements were really being seen by potential shoppers.
While audited readership figures or TV ratings provided guides in the past, some advertisers said figures provided by big digital platforms were “fuzzy” and depended on how each platform defined an advertisement as being seen.
“Messy is the best way to describe it,” one ad exec said.
“Facebook is trying to get a definition of a view that is less than one second, on YouTube five seconds is counted as a view. I've seen maybe 10 definitions and viewability is troubled at the moment.”
They said the tech giants were, in effect, being allowed to “mark their own homework,” as others revealed most businesses were unwilling to pay more to have their ad views independently verified.
One adman suggested that “if they're powerful enough to shrug their shoulders and say ‘we're not doing it,' it's up to advertisers to boycott,” as Procter and Gamble did with YouTube following concerns about inappropriate content.
The ACCC's second forum was one of three to be held as part of its Digital Platforms Inquiry this year, with another scheduled for August. The Commission is due to submit a preliminary report on December 3, followed by a final report in early June next year.
× Gulls defeat Iowa Wild 5-1, win 6th consecutive home game
SAN DIEGO — Jhonas Enroth stopped 20 of 21 shots and Jordan Samuels-Thomas and Andrew Welinski both had a goal and an assist as the San Diego Gulls defeated the Iowa Wild, 5-1, Tuesday evening at Valley View Casino Center.
Welinski, Jaycob Megna and Scott Sabourin scored in the second period as the Gulls broke a 1-1 tie en route to their ninth victory in 10 games and 15th game with a standings point in their last 16.
“We're a hard team to match up with right now,” Gulls coach Dallas Eakins said. “Our makeup as a team right now is excellent. Everybody is firing on all cylinders and there is a real selfless commitment in all areas of the ice.”
Iowa entered the game with a standings point in 11 consecutive games and a nine-game road winning streak.
Enroth made seven saves in both the second and third periods and six in the first.
Enroth has a 10-1-0-0 record, a 1.18 goals against average and .954 save percentage since being loaned to the Gulls by the their NHL parent team, the Anaheim Ducks, on Jan. 10, the same day they acquired them from the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for a seventh-round choice in the 2018 draft.
Samuels-Thomas opened the scoring nine minutes, 50 seconds into the first period when they took a pass from Ryan Garbutt and put a wrist shot past Wild goaltender Steve Michalek for their 10th goal of the season and third in three games.
Iowa (25-20-5-2) tied the score with 34 seconds left in the first period on Teemu Pulkkinen's goal.
The Gulls (27-13-2-2) took the lead for good on Welinski's power-play goal 4:41 into the second period. They increased their lead to 3-1 on Megna's goal at 6:57 and 4-1 on Sabourin's goal at 12:44 off assists by Samuels-Thomas and Welinski.
Tyler Morley scored a power-play goal for the Gulls with 3:59 left for the only only goal of the third period before a crowd announced at 6,764.
Kevin Roy and Nick Sorensen also had two-point games for the Gulls. Roy assisted on Welinski and Morley's goals. Sorensen assisted on the goals by Samuel-Thomas and Morley.
The Gulls scored on two of their four power-play opportunities and killed the only power-play opportunity by the Wild, the Minnesota Wild's American Hockey League affiliate.
Michalek made 34 saves, including 16 in the first period.
The Gulls will next play Friday at Bakersfield, the Edmonton Oilers AHL affiliate. Their next game at Valley View Casino Center will be Saturday against the Tucson Roadrunners, the Arizona Coyotes AHL affiliate.
Makerspace North is a creator's paradise: The 19,000-square-foot space takes the form of an industrious workshop, start-up incubator and community hub. It also hosts workshop events to encourage creative collaborations and foster inspiration. And, for Erin Rochon, it was the place to start their own family business: Bluebird Upcycled Style.
Rochon was a child and youth worker in Toronto, primarily working with youth at risk. After many years of working in community development and the child welfare system, they genuinely believed that they were going to do that for the rest of their life. They began searching for a creative outlet — she'd always had a love of design and a knack for seeing beauty in the unexpected — and ended up returning to Ottawa. Rochon took a few workshops and became an interior decorator. After a while, they realized their passion for furniture and started their own business.
“I just kind of fell in love with furniture and the idea of refinishing and making it beautiful again. I've always … had an ability to see the beauty in things, even though they may not look perfect at the time,” they say.
Share Photos: Bluebird Upcycled Style Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
GALLERY: Photos: Bluebird Upcycled Style Erin offers a multitude of workshops for those wanting to refinish furniture and unleash their creative side. This pillow was crafted at a burlap pillow stenciling workshop. Jeff Bond/-
This unique coat rack was built using leftover wood from a previous project. Jeff Bond/-
This rustic wine rack was built using reclaimed wood and looks stunning in every kitchen. Jeff Bond/-
This gorgeous coffee table was built using reclaimed and recycled wood. Jeff Bond/-
Old furniture can be made new again with a little bit of paint and fabric. Jeff Bond/-
Bluebird Upcycled Style can be found at Makerspace North, located at 250 City Centre Bay #216. Them studio is located within this gorgeous facade. Jeff Bond/-
Erin demonstrated their products and gave attendees an opportunity to try them out. Claudia Ba./-
Erin Rochon celebrated Bluebird Upcycled Style's first year of business on Friday April 7th at Makerspace North. Jeff Bond/-
Rochon originally started Bluebird Upcycled Style on the side: They refinished furniture and sold it. They sold their very first piece to an interior designer who quite liked their work, and that gave them the validation they needed to feel confident. Them husband Jeff, a contractor, is very involved in the company and helps them build items using reclaimed and recycled materials; such as coffee tables, side tables, shelving and even artwork. After a while, they started carrying FAT Paints, a chalk-based paint made in British Columbia, and Fusion Paints, a zero VOC mineral paint made in Toronto.
“I started getting a whole new customer base of people that were interested in doing their own projects and DIY,” says Rochon. “I get so inspired whenever I have customers come in and have found this piece and it's so cool to see how excited and inspired they are. I think it's really wonderful to be able to create and help people find their creative side.”
Rochon now offers a plethora of workshops at Bluebird Upcycled Style for different skill levels. They offer everything from “The FAT Paint Essentials,” a basic class where individuals learn the five most popular techniques in furniture refinishing, to “The Next Level,”an advanced class that focuses on details and more specific refinishing techniques, such as decoupage, glazing and embossing. They also run a monthly workshop series called “Creative Ladies,” where they do different projects once a month. At the end of each workshop, attendees get to walk away with something beautiful that they created.
Bluebird Upcycled Style is celebrating its first year of being a full-time venture. For more information, visit http://www.bluebirdupcycledstyle.ca.
Malware targets chip and PIN-protected cards
The group behind the Prilex point-of-sale malware can now turn stolen credit card data into functional plastic cards.
This is the word from Kaspersky Lab researchers, who reveal that the evolved threat, which currently operates in Latin America is notable for its supportive, user-friendly business model that makes it easy for attackers to launch attacks.
The use of ‘smart' chip and PIN protected payment cards has spread globally over the last decade, and its growing adoption has inevitably attracted the attention of cybercriminals.
Kaspersky Lab researchers monitoring financial cybercrime in Latin America have found that the Prilex malware has evolved to target this technology.
The Prilex malware has been active since 2014, and researchers have seen it migrate its efforts from ATM hacks to attacks on POS systems developed by Brazilian vendors, and now to using used stolen credit card information to create functional plastic cards. These allow a criminal to perform fraudulent transactions in any store, whether online or offline.
This is the first time that the researchers have seen in the wild such a full suite of tools for carrying out fraud. The cloned credit card works in any point-of-sale system in Brazil due to a faulty implementation of the EMV standard that means not all data is verified during the approval process.
From a technical perspective, the Prilex malware comprises three components: malware that modifies the POS system and intercepts the credit card information; a server used to manage the illegally obtained information; and a user application that the malware ‘client' can use to view, clone or save statistics related to the cards (such as how much has been stolen using that card).
This is the most notable feature of the malware: its associated business model, where all the users' needs are taken into account, including the need for a simple and friendly user interface.
The evidence suggests the malware is distributed through the traditional postal service, convincing victims to grant computer access to the criminals for a remote support session, which is then used to install the malware. Most victims observed to date tend to be traditional shops, such as gas stations, supermarkets and typical retail markets; all located in Brazil.
“We are dealing here with a completely new malware, one that offers attackers everything from a graphic user interface to well-designed modules that can be used to create different credit card structures. Chip and PIN technology is still relatively new in some parts of the world, such as the U.S., and people may lack awareness of the risk of credit card cloning and abuse.
In Brazil, the evolved Prilex malware takes advantage of a faulty implementation of the industry standards – highlighting the importance of developing secure, future proof standards for payment technologies,” says Thiago Marques, security analyst at Kaspersky Lab.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Just imagine: An optical lens so powerful that it lets you view features the size of a small virus on the surface of a living cell in its natural environment.
Construction of instruments with this capability is now possible because of a fundamental advance in the quality of an optical material used in hyperlensing, a method of creating lenses that can resolve objects much smaller than the wavelength of light. The achievement was reported by a team of researchers led by Joshua Caldwell, associate professor of mechanical engineering at Vanderbilt University, in a paper published Dec. 11 in the journal Nature Materials.
The optical material involved is hexagonal boron nitride (hBN), a natural crystal with hyperlensing properties. The best previously reported resolution using hBN was an object about 36 times smaller than the infrared wavelength used: about the size of the smallest bacteria. The new paper describes improvements in the quality of the crystal that enhance its potential imaging capability by about a factor of ten.
The researchers achieved this enhancement by making hBN crystals using isotopically purified boron. Natural boron contains two isotopes that differ in weight by about 10 percent, a combination that significantly degrades the crystal's optical properties in the infrared.
"We have demonstrated that the inherent efficiency limitations of hyperlenses can be overcome through isotopic engineering," said team member Alexander Giles, research physicist at the the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory. "Controlling and manipulating light at nanoscale dimensions is notoriously difficult and inefficient. Our work provides a new path forward for the next generation of materials and devices."
Researchers from the University of California, San Diego, Kansas State University, Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Columbia University also contributed to the study.
The researchers calculate that a lens made from their purified crystal can in principle capture images of objects as small as 30 nanometers in size. To put this in perspective, there are 25 million nanometers in an inch and human hair ranges from 80,000 to 100,000 nanometers in diameter. A human red blood cell is about 9,000 nanometers and viruses range from 20 to 400 nanometers.
Over the years, scientists have developed many instruments capable of producing images with nanoscale resolution, such as electron-based and atomic-force microscopes. However, they are incompatible with living organisms: either they operate under a high vacuum, expose samples to harmful levels of radiation, require lethal sample preparation techniques like freeze drying or remove samples from their natural, solution-based environment.
The primary reason for developing hyperlenses is the prospect that they can provide such highly detailed images of living cells in their natural environments using low-energy light that does not harm them. In addition, using infrared light to perform the imaging can also provide spectroscopic information about the objects it images, providing a means to 'fingerprint' the material. These capabilities could have a significant impact on biological and medical science. The technology also has potential applications in communications and nanoscale optical components.
The physics of hyperlenses is quite complex. The level of detail that optical microscopes can image is limited by the wavelength of light and the index of refraction of the lens material. When combined with the factors of lens aperture, distance from the object to the lens and the refractive index of the object under observation, this translates to a typical optical limit of about one half the wavelength used for imaging. At the infrared wavelengths used in this experiment, this "diffraction limit" is about 3,250 nanometers. This limit can be surpassed by using hBN due to its ability to support surface phonon polaritons, hybrid particles made up of photons of light coupling with vibrating, charged atoms in a crystal that have wavelengths much shorter than the incident light.
In the past, the problem with using polaritons in this fashion has been the rapidity with which they dissipate. By using hBN crystals made from 99 percent isotopically pure boron, the researchers have measured a dramatic reduction in optical losses compared to natural crystals, increasing the polariton's lifetime three-fold, which allows them to travel triple the distance. This improvement translates into a significant improvement in imaging resolution. The researchers' theoretical analysis suggests that another factor of ten improvement is possible.
"Currently, we have been testing very small flakes of purified hBN," said Caldwell. "We think that we will see even further improvements with larger crystals."
In 1654 Anton van Leeuwenhoek used one of the first handcrafted microscopes to discover the previously unknown world of microscopic life. This latest advance in hyperlens development is a significant step toward taking van Leeuwenhoek's discovery to a whole new level, one which will allow biologists to directly observe cellular processes in action, like viruses invading cells or immune cells attacking foreign invaders.
###
Also contributing to the research were Siyuan Dai and Michael M. Fogler at the University of California, San Diego; Alexander J. Giles, Igor Vurgaftman, Chase T. Ellis, Thomas L Reinecke, Joseph G. Tischler, Nathanael Assefa and Ioannis Chatzakis at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory; Timothy Hoffman, Song Liu and J.H. Edgar at Kansas State University; Lucas Lindsay at Oak Ridge National Laboratory and D.N. Basov at Columbia University. Various components and participants of this work were funded either in whole or part by the Office of Naval Research, the Army Research Office, the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MUSKEGON, Mich. – An 8-year-old girl is suspected in the death of a 1-year-old boy who was found dead at a Muskegon, Michigan, day care when their mother went to pick them up last week, police said Monday.
Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis called it one of the worst cases he's seen, MLive.com reported.
"I thought I saw everything," Lewis said, according to the news outlet. "This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it."
The boy, identified by sister station WXMI in Grand Rapids as Korey Brown, had bite marks and bruises all over their body when they were found, according to this mother.
"Bruises and bite marks on their face, bite marks on their fingers," their mother, Bryanna Reasonover, told WXMI. "It was bad. I found Korey in a Pack 'N Play, they were laying in there like they were asleep."
An autopsy was performed Saturday, but a cause of death has not been released.
The baby's body was found concealed in a bedroom at the home day care where their mother had dropped them off, the police chief told MLive.com.
Korey was apparently crying when the "8-year-old dealt with the baby crying," Lewis said. There were apparently no adults supervising the children, and the only witness to what happened was a 5-year-old.
The 8-year-old girl was taken to a hospital where they underwent a mental evaluation, MLive.com reported.
Reasonover told WXMI they dropped off Korey and their three other children at Keysha's Keepers day care.
"When their face rolled over, they had all these bruises on the side of their face. And that's when I said, 'What's wrong with my baby's face?'" they said.
Reasonover said day care employees had no idea anything was wrong with Korey. They apparently never woke up and did not regain consciousness.
"It doesn't seem real. It still doesn't seem real to this day. It seems like a dream and I'm going to wake up and he's going to be here," they said.
WXMI went to the day care and tried to speak with the owner, Keysha Collins, but nobody was available for comment. Phone calls were also not immediately returned, the station reported.
State records show the facility's license was approved in November and expires next month.
Other People's Money
Make bosses pay for the disasters they cause
By George Monbiot, published in the Guardian 24th May 2018
Once more, they walk away. The senior bosses at Carillion, like those at RBS, Northern Rock and a host of other corporate zombies, went home to count their undiminished millions. The pain they inflicted was felt by others. Reckless greed paid out again.
The Commons report on this fiasco is one of the most damning assessments of corporate behaviour parliament has ever published. But it's still pathetic. While it scorches the company's executives and board and laments the weakness of the regulators, it scarcely touches the structural causes that make gluttony a perennial feature of corporate life.
The problem begins with an issue the report does not once mention: the extreme nature of limited liability. To allow the owners of a limited company to risk nothing but the money they have spent on shares is to grant them free, uncapped indemnity against the risks they impose on others. It's the equivalent of permitting drivers to take to the roads without buying insurance, knowing that if they cause a crash they will carry no more than the cost of replacing their own car, regardless of the expense, injury and death they might impose on others.
The current model of limited liability allowed the directors and executives of Carillion to rack up a pension deficit of £2.6 billion, leaving the 27,000 members of its schemes to be rescued by the state fund (which is financed by a levy on your pension – if you have one). This indemnity permitted the owners of the company to walk away from the £2 billion it owed to its suppliers and subcontractors. The same free pass landed the cost of rescuing the public services so foolishly entrusted to this company back on the government.
A recent study exposes a direct link between the generosity of the limited liability regime and the corporate incentive to dump costs on other people. In 1998 the US Supreme Court ruled that parent companies were liable for only narrowly defined harms caused by their subsidiaries. The study reveals that in the aftermath of this decision, toxic emissions by subsidiary companies in the US rose by an average of 10%, as they cut investment in abatement technologies.
Limited liability not only allows companies to act recklessly with regard to the interests of others – it obliges them to do so. Directors have a fiduciary duty to use all legally available means to maximise shareholder value. Limited liability compels them to externalise risk.
There is no way that fossil fuel companies could pay for the climate breakdown they cause. There is no way that car companies could meet the health costs of air pollution. Their business models rely on dumping their costs on other people. Were they not protected by the extreme form of limited liability that prevails today, they would be obliged to switch to clean technologies.
Various estimates put the cost that businesses dump on society at somewhere between 4% and 20% of GDP. In other words, it exceeds the rate of economic growth. Were such costs internalised, the economy would have to be run on an entirely different basis. Human health and the survival of the natural world would come first; corporate greed would come last.
Executive incentives also conflict with the interests of society. Even as Carillion spiralled down, pay and bonuses spiralled up. The UK Corporate Governance Code recommends that directors who fail in their duties should forfeit some of the pay they would otherwise have received, but the details are left to the discretion of their companies. In Carillion's case, the remuneration committee defined the terms so narrowly that even total failure did not trigger a clawback of the executives' vast bonuses.
Its long-term incentive plans were useless. The finance director, Richard Adam, had a stack of performance shares that were held back for three years, ostensibly to prevent reckless behaviour. But the Commons report alleges that their “accounting tricks” propped up the value of the shares until the day they became payable, whereupon they sold them. Within two months, their value had fallen by three quarters. Even when they work well, such incentives protect only the interests of the corporation, rather than the interests of society.
So what is to be done? The first step, I believe, is a radical reassessment of limited liability. A recent paper by the US law professor Michael Simkovic proposes that companies should pay a fee for this indemnity, calibrated to the level of risk they impose on society. Why, after all, should this insurance be free? As numerous leaks show, companies tend to be far more aware of the risks they inflict than either governments or the rest of society. The fees they are prepared to pay for limited liability will reveal their own assessment of the costs they currently externalise. Antisocial practices could be progressively priced out.
As for the executives, I have a tentative proposal of my own. Any manager earning more than a certain amount – say £200,000 – would have half their total remuneration placed in an escrow account, which is controlled not by the company but by an external agency. The deferred half of their income would not become payable until the agency judged that the company had met the targets it set on pension provision, workers' pay, the treatment of suppliers and contractors and wider social and environmental performance. This judgement should draw on mandatory social and environmental reporting, assessed by independent auditors.
If they miss their targets, the executives would lose part or all of the deferred sum. In other words, they would pay for any disasters they impose on others. To ensure it isn't captured by corporate interests, the agency would be funded by the income it confiscates.
Are these the right solutions? I'm not yet sure. So please support them, oppose them or suggest better ideas in the comment thread. I know that, at best, they address only part of the problem. Should corporations in their current form exist at all? Is capitalism compatible with life on earth? Radical as they sound, the ideas in this column are small steps. But by comparison to the timid measures in the Commons report, they're giant strides.
www.monbiot.com
Water management and solid waste issues slated for CWWA forum
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 6, 2017
A number of technical papers on issues relating to water, wastewater and waste management are expected to be presented at the Caribbean Water and Wastewater Association's (CWWA) 26th Annual Conference and Exhibition. This will include two high-level documents from the Caribbean minister with responsibility for water, who will present the Caribbean's position on governance in the water sector at the eight World Water Forum in Brazil in March 2018.
Cabinet today granted the approval for the hosting of the Conference and Exhibition scheduled for October 16 to 20.
The ministerial conference to be hosted under the theme, “Promoting Innovation and Creativity in Water, Wastewater and Waste” will focus on water resource, quality, supply, management and wastewater management. It is set to attract over 250 delegates as well over 40 local, regional and international exhibitors to display their products and services.
This was disclosed by Minister of State Joseph Harmon on Friday at a post-cabinet press briefing on Friday.
Minister Harmon said that the ministerial forum will review the regional waste management action plan that is to be presented to the United Nations general assembly at a conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya in December this year.
Minister of Communities Ronald Bulkan is set to lead Guyana's delegation which includes representatives from Ministry of Communities and Guyana Water Incorporated (GWI). The conference will be convened at the Guyana Marriott Hotel.
The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), United Nations Environment formerly the United Nations Environment Programme, the Caribbean Development Bank and the Pan America Health Organization (PAHO) are the developmental partners for the high-level forum.
By: Neola Damon
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - The Chiefs were able to beat the Chargers in their last regular season game and claim the AFC West title and get the No. 2 seed in the playoffs.
41 Action Sports Director Frank Boal discussed the latest sports headlines with experts on the weekly addition of Sunday Sound Off.
Sports Radio 810 WHB personalities Soren Petro, TJ Carpenter and Stan Weber discussed Chiefs and the playoffs.
Question of the Week:How important was getting the #2 seed?
Hot Topics:
What are your areas of concern as the Chiefs enter the playoff?
Who's the Chiefs MVP?
Who will the Chiefs play at Arrowhead in two weeks?
Watch the videos above to listen to the discussion.
You can always join the conversation by tweeting, using the hashtag #SundaySoundOff.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-At least 3 people injured in San Francisco shooting -local media
June 14 At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
Johannesburg - The three members of the Rolex Gang; Beta Mphikeleni, Sipho Mabundla and George Mulaudzi have been handed a 682 years jail sentence in the South Gauteng High Court on Friday.
Mphikeleni, Mabundla and Mulaudzi
committed the
robberies over six weeks in 2014 as part of the Rolex Gang, tracking down people who had recently purchased highly valuable items.
The three were found guilty on nine charges of robbery with aggravated circumstances, one of murder and three of attempted murder in 2016.
They were also found guilty of two charges of malicious damage to property, two counts of unlawful possession of firearms and one of unlawful possession of ammunition.
Mphikeleni, Mabundla and Mulaudzi were arrested on April 22, 2014 after a dramatic high-speed chase and shootout with police officer Derek Bruce Macintosh.
Read: Notorious Rolex gangsters found guilty
List of incidents:
* March 28 to April 22, 2014: Betha Mphikeleni, Sipho Mabundla and George Mulaudzi executed nine armed robberies.
* March 28, 2014: Carine Dorothea Walker is almost killed near Glenvista by suspects - believed to be the same men - wearing balaclavas in a white Mercedes. When they tried to escape, they opened fired at their car.
* April 1, 2014: Laurent Belle-garde is hijacked in Tulisa Park by men with balaclavas.
* April 3, 2014: Tamsin Scheepers and Julian Kruger are robbed near Media City in Sandton.
* April 8, 2014: Yvonne Gutsche is robbed near Baker Street in Rosebank.
* April 10, 2014: Lisa Anne Niemann is robbed near the Mio Palazzo Complex in Sunninghill.
* April 11, 2014: Daniel Stephen is robbed near the Stoneridge Shopping Centre.
* April 17, 2014: Lance O'Leary is robbed near the Tangiers Complex in Oaklands.
* April 22, 2014: Christine Close is robbed in Rivonia Road in Sandown by armed men.
IOL and Staff Reporter
Take your pick from hazardous waste incinerators, dangerous emissions of lead, mercury toxins floating through the air, or something else equally troubling. They're the kinds of offences that the Environmental Protection Agency is currently failing to police, according to a new investigation by the New York Times. Such cases were started under the Obama administration but have not yet been acted upon under Trump.
The newspaper explains that it's carried out an analysis of cases being considered by the EPA under Trump and Scott Pruitt, who heads the agency. Since the president took office, it's started around 1,900 cases—which is a third fewer than the number Barack Obama's EPA and a quarter fewer George W. Bush's agency started over equivalent time periods. It's also issued penalties of $50.4 million—39 percent of Obama's EPA and 70 percent of the Bush administration.
The wide-ranging analysis of the EPA's activities also shows that it's making fewer requests for factories to retrofit technologies to reduce pollution, and has told employees that they can no longer perform some air and water pollution tests without approval from powers in Washington.
Some blame may be laid on the fact that the EPA now has 700 fewer staff then when Donald Trump first became president. But there appears to have been a serious shift in mindset at the agency since Pruitt took over. In a statement issued to the New York Times, the EPA says:
“There is no reduction in EPA's commitment to ensure compliance with our nation's environmental laws. EPA and states work together to find violators and bring them back into compliance, and to punish intentional polluters.As​ ​part​ ​of​ ​this​ ​effort,​ ​we​ ​are​ ​collaborating​ ​more​ ​with​ ​states​ ​and​ ​we​ ​are​ ​focusing​ ​more​ ​on​ ​outcomes. Unless​ ​the​ ​activity​ ​is criminal,​ ​we​ ​focus​ ​more​ ​on​ ​bringing​ ​people​ ​back​ ​into​ ​compliance,​ ​than​ ​bean​ ​counting​.”
Earlier this year we asked: “how much damage could Scott Pruitt really do at EPA?” Turns out that if things continue in this trajectory, the answer might be: rather a lot.
SAN DIEGO — Initial results are expected in the next few days on previously untested rape evidence kits that will help identify offenders who may potentially be linked to other sexual assaults, San Diego County District Attorney Summer Stephan announced Tuesday.
Earlier this year, the District Attorney's Office, working with the San Diego County Sheriff's Department, contracted with a private lab, Bode Cellmark Forensics in Lorton, Virginia, to test about 1,000 untested sexual assault kits. So far, 350 rape kits have been sent to the lab for testing, Stephan said.
The county's top prosecutor said reducing the backlog of untested sexual assault kits has been a top priority of theirs since they took office last July.
With the support of San Diego County's chief administrative officer, officials identified about $1 million to go toward the effort of expedited testing, Stephan said.
“Protecting victims of sexual assault and leveraging every tool to bring their abusers to justice has been my mission for over a decade. About 80 percent of rapes are committed by someone in the victim's circle and it's likely the perpetrator will continue to commit sexual assaults,” they said.
“Having personally prosecuted rape cases that left victims with deep emotional and physical wounds and having seen how much bringing their perpetrators to justice matters, I'm committed to doing everything we can to solve their cases,' Stephan said. “That's why I've prioritized the testing of rape kits, including those committed by known perpetrators, and worked so hard to identify funding and get the process moving as quickly as possible. The kits may contain powerful evidence that can speak on behalf of victims and prevent a future assault.”
Sexual assault victims who are interested in knowing the status of the DNA test related to their case can be put in touch with an investigator, Stephan said. In order to facilitate requests, the Sheriff's Department has established a phone number and email address where people can leave current contact information.
The phone number is 858-514-4661; the email address is KitTestResults@sdsheriff.org. Both the phone number and the email address can be found on the Sheriff's Department web page: www.SDSheriff.net.
There's nobody who does birthdays quite like the KarJenners. Every year these sisters seem to manage to outdo even themselves, consistently upping the ante on the caliber of parties, outfits, and incredibly priced, opulent gifts. So for a milestone day like turning twenty years old, Kylie Jenner of course threw a celebration befitting their two decades of life. While it may not have been quite as ostentatious as their past birthday festivities that came complete with a luxury trip, a couple of new cars and a diamond-studded Rolex, it turns out it wasn't all that understated either. It seems that after some low-key family festivities and renting out a movie theater to see Halle Berry's new film Kidnap with their boyfriend Travis Scott and a few friends, the rapper also gifted them with some pretty spectacular diamonds.
After eagle-eyed fans spotted a glittering new choker partially obscured by their t-shirt around Kylie's neck as they were leaving the movie theater that night, speculations started flying that the fresh bling had to be a gift from their diamond-loving beau Scott. What that new necklace actually looked like, however, remained a mystery as the reality star didn't share the gift on any of their social media platforms as is typically their wont. But thanks to custom jewelers Avianne & Co. the world may have just gotten an up close look at Kylie's latest bespoke creation.
RELATED PHOTOS: Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott Wear Matching Rings as They Step Out in Los Angeles
On Saturday, the custom luxury jewelers posted a picture of a diamond-laden necklace with the caption, “@kyliejenner Happy Birthday from @elliotavianne,” one of the designers behind the company. The choker features a fully diamond-studded, thick gold chain accented with five equally gem-covered butterflies as well as two large stones on either side of the center blue butterfly. According to TMZ, the piece is composed of 28 carats of VVS diamonds and cost an estimated $60,000, which when you consider that the rapper recently dropped $1,000,000 on a watch for themselves is practically pennies.
Fans naturally assumed this particular necklace was a gift from Scott as not only is the musician's song “Butterfly Effect” rumored to be about the Lip Kit CEO, but the couple also recently got matching ankle tattoos featuring this flying insect. So it seems the ice sculpture modeled after their physique wasn't the only thing totally iced-out at Kylie's birthday party that night.
A representative for Scott did not immediately return PEOPLE's request for comment
What do you think of Kylie's new necklace? Sound off below!
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (Reuters) - A gathering of hundreds of white nationalists in Virginia took a deadly turn on Saturday when a car ploughed into a group of counter-protesters and killed at least one person in a flare up of violence that challenged U.S. President Donald Trump.
The state's governor blamed neo-Nazis for sparking the unrest in the college town of Charlottesville, where rival groups fought pitched battles using rocks and pepper spray after far-right protesters converged to demonstrate against a plan to remove a statue to a Confederate war hero.
A car slammed into a crowd of people, killing a 32-year-old woman, police said. Video on social media and Reuters photographs showed the car hit a large group of counter-protesters, sending some flying into the air.
Federal authorities opened a civil rights investigation into the death.
Two Virginia police officer died in a helicopter crash nearby after assisting efforts to quell the clashes.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, declared an emergency and halted a white nationalist rally, while President Donald Trump condemned the violence.
"I have a message to all the white supremacists and the Nazis who came into Charlottesville today. Our message is plain and simple: go home," McAuliffe told a news conference.
"You are not wanted in this great commonwealth. Shame on you."
As midnight approached, the streets of Charlottesville had gone quiet.
The clashes highlight how the white supremacist movement has resurfaced under the "alt-right" banner after years in the shadows of mainstream American politics.
Trump said "many sides" were involved, drawing fire from across the political spectrum for not specifically denouncing the far right. The violence presented Trump with perhaps the first domestic crisis of their young administration.
"We're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia," Trump told reporters at their New Jersey golf course.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
Trump made no reply to a reporter's shouted question whether they had spoken out strongly enough against white nationalists.
Police held a man from Ohio on charges relating to the car incident, including second-degree murder, said Martin Kumer, Albemarle Charlottesville's regional jail superintendent.
The suspect was James Alex Fields, Jr., a 20-year-old white man from Ohio, Kumer said. It was not clear why they were in Charlottesville, home to the University of Virginia's flagship campus.
After hours of clashes, a silver sedan driving at high speed ploughed into the crowd before reversing along the same street. The incident took place about two blocks from the park displaying the statue of Robert E. Lee, who headed the Confederate army in the American Civil War.
Five people suffered critical injuries and four had serious injuries from the car strike, officials said.
A civil rights investigation has been opened into the crash death, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia and the FBI's Richmond field office said late on Saturday.
First responders stand by a car that was struck when a car drove through a group of counterprotesters at the "Unite the Right" rally Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., August 12, 2017. Justin Ide
"The FBI will collect all available facts and evidence," they said in a joint statement.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions also condemned the violence in Charlottesville, vowing "the full support of the Department of Justice" for the U.S. Attorney's office in a statement.
Three more men were arrested, Virginia State Police said late on Saturday night. Two 21-year-olds from Tennessee and Virginia were charged, one with disorderly conduct and the other with assault and battery, while a 44-year-old Florida man was arrested for carrying a concealed weapon.
'DOMESTIC TERRORISM?'
Prominent Democrats, civil rights activists and some Republicans said it was inexcusable of the president not to denounce white supremacy.
"Mr. President - we must call evil by its name," Republican U.S. Senator Cory Gardner wrote on social network Twitter.
Slideshow (30 Images)
"These were white supremacists and this was domestic," said Gardner, chairperson of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, the group charged with helping to get Republicans elected to the Senate.
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader in the U.S. House of Representatives, said in a tweet directed at the president: "Repeat after me, @realDonaldTrump: white supremacy is an affront to American values."
Fighting broke out on Saturday in the city's downtown, when hundreds of people, some wearing white nationalist symbols and carrying Confederate battle flags, were confronted by a nearly equal number of counter-protesters.
The Charlottesville City Council voted unanimously to allow the police chief to declare a curfew. No action on the move has been taken as midnight approached, Mayor Mike Signer said on their Facebook page.
The confrontation was a stark reminder of the growing political polarization since Trump's election last year.
"You will not erase us," chanted a crowd of white nationalists, while counter-protesters carried placards that read: "Nazi go home" and "Smash white supremacy."
Scott Stroney, 50, a catering sales director at the University of Virginia who arrived at the scene of the car incident just after the crash, said they were horrified.
"I started to cry. I couldn't talk for a while," they said. "It was just hard to watch, hard to see. It's heartbreaking."
The violence began on Friday night, when hundreds of white marchers with blazing torches appeared at the campus in a display that critics called reminiscent of a Ku Klux Klan rally.
David Duke, a former leader of the white supremacist Ku Klux Klan, was in Charlottesville for the rally, according to their Twitter account.
The rally was part of a long debate in the U.S. South over the Confederate battle flag and other symbols of the rebel side in the Civil War, which was fought over the issue of slavery.
The violence is the latest clash between far-rightists, some of whom have claimed allegiance to Trump, and the president's opponents since their January inauguration, when black-clad anti-Trump protesters in Washington smashed windows, torched cars and clashed with police, leading to more than 200 arrests.
About two dozen people were arrested in Charlottesville in July when the Ku Klux Klan rallied against the plan to remove the Lee statue. Torch-wielding white nationalists also demonstrated against the decision in May.
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 15
<< "Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair wins 7 awards" - "Speakers call for unity during interfaith breakfast" >>
Shag club raising money to honor well known dj
By Steve Herring
Published in News on February 15, 2017 9:55 AM
Mike "Shag Daddy" Overman was a well-known DJ across North Carolina. But they were known as well as an embodiment of community service.
This Saturday the Sugarfoot Shag Club will pay tribute to Overman by holding a fundraiser that will benefit five local organizations -- the Community Soup Kitchen, Relay for Life, Meals on Wheels, Kitty Askins Hospice Center and Cures for the Colors.
The club's second annual Mike "Shag Daddy" Overman Charity Event will be held from 7 to 11 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 18, at Lane Tree Conference Center.
Tickets are $15 per person and include dinner and dancing.
The first event last year raised $7,500 that was split between the five agencies.
"Mike was a DJ and also worked at Wayne Memorial Hospital," event organizer and club member Debbie Grady said. "For the Sugarfoot Shag Club here in Goldsboro, they played for us constantly. They were always doing fundraisers. Anyone who had cancer, he'd do a fundraiser or a dance as a DJ.
"He DJed Relay for Life for years. They really always embodied community service. They were really just such a good friend to all of the shag people. They were always there to help people."
Sugarfoot Shag Club, a nonprofit that has been around since 1989, has held smaller fundraisers for years, Mrs. Grady said.
The club currently has 166 active members.
"It was a much smaller scale than what we are doing now," they said. "They dedicated one dance to raise money for various charities in the local community. That was important that the money stay local. Our money is about our local charities.
"When Mike passed away they were such a big factor in all the shag members' lives that we decided to do a bigger charity event once a year in their memory because they were so involved. Everybody who called him, they DJed for Relay for Life every year for free. Anybody who wanted them to do stuff like that, they did. They would spend their own time and money. They provided food for many fundraisers. They were just a good person. I loved Mike."
Overman's death was such a loss to the club because everyone loved him, they said.
"That is why we decided to honor them last year after they died and let it be our annual fundraiser," Mrs. Grady said.
The event has 24 sponsors who have made donations.
Along with dinner and dancing, Justin Rouse will be the DJ, there will be a silent auction featuring more than 60 items -- all of which were donated.
A Yeti cooler donated by Gary and Dewayne Bevell of EZ Bait & Tackle will be raffled off. Tickets are $5.
"That raises a lot of money," they said. "People love those Yeti coolers."
There also will be door prizes and a 50/50 raffle.
A video tribute to Overman and their community work will be shown.
People are asked to purchase tickets in advance so that plans can be made for food, but tickets will still be available at the door, Mrs. Grady said.
For tickets, contact Mrs. Grady at 919-222-8320 or send email to debbiegrady@att.net.
Public invited to Essentials of Beekeeping forum Feb. 25 in Fairhope
The public is invited to attend the Essentials of Beekeeping Forum, an event is sponsored by the Fairhope Local Food Production Initiative, on Saturday, February 25 at the Homestead Village ballroom located at 924 Plantation Blvd. in Fairhope. Doors open at 1 p.m. and the presentation will begin at 2 p.m. Speaker is Rebekah Hargraves, President of the Baldwin County beekeepers Association and co-owner of B's Bees, LLC.
Come learn about the art, science, and challenges faced by beekeepers in our county. Are you considering adding a beehive to your landscape? If so, this forum will provide much useful information. At the end of the presentation there will be a question and answer period. A $5 donation at the door is suggested. All proceeds go to maintain our two community gardens along with helping other organizations create their own like space. For more information please go to: www.fairhopelocalfood.org or Local Food Production Initiative on Facebook. Or contact Mike Healy at 251-504-1173.
In time of war, where can you go to find sanctuary?
Sarah Franklin, who grew up in the Gloucestershire countryside and has had a lifelong fascination with the beautiful Forest of Dean, heard about the Second World War prisoner of war camps there from their grandmother who took in sewing for the inmates.
But it was an aborted 2012 plan to sell off a chunk of the publicly-owned forest's woodlands that set in motion their moving, tender but powerful debut novel which explores two very different and damaged young people finding solace in the forest's healing rhythms of work and nature.
In this enchanting, thought-provoking story we meet Seppe, a gentle Italian PoW haunted by memories of war and a brutal father, and chippy city girl Connie Granger escaping from secrets in bombed-out Coventry to find a safe harbour, and maybe even a new life, as a lumberjill with the Women's Timber Corps.
When they are thrown together amidst the calming beauty of the ancient forest, the two outsiders, Connie and Seppe, discover a liberating sense of identity in both their work and each other, but the fiercely independent Connie must decide if the price of freedom will be too great.
In the early spring 1944, Connie escapes their home in Coventry after the Blitz devastates the city. They must learn to survive on their own now but this endless war isn't all bad because it gives them ‘the chance to shift around a bit.' And that's useful when you have a secret to hide.
Unsure of what will be expected of her, Connie finds a job with the Women's Timber Corps in the Forest of Dean as a lumberjill and soon finds far more joy and satisfaction in felling trees, cross-cutting, bark stripping and shredding than their factory work which was merely ‘a way to get a wage packet.'
For her, this remote community is a refuge and an escape, a place where they can protect the secret they have brought with them from Coventry.
Meanwhile, Seppe feels ‘dishonourable relief' that for them the fighting is over. A ‘bad patriot,' they only pretended to support the fascist forces of Mussolini because they were beaten into submission by their father but they are anxious now about what lies ahead for them in England.
Connie and Seppe's meeting signals new beginnings. They find in each other the means to imagine their own lives anew and to face the things which each fears the most. But as they are drawn together, the world outside the forest haven is being torn apart. Old certainties are crumbling and then Connie's secret is revealed and both must now make a life-defining choice…
Franklin, a judge for the Costa Short Story Award whose creative non-fiction has been published in anthologies in the USA, has found fertile new ground in this warm, original and compelling literary fiction debut which is filled with vivid period detail, atmospheric charm and a richly imagined cast of characters.
Star players are Connie and Seppe, the two young victims of wartime, displaced by conflict but discovering that nature – ‘the scent of bud and blossom in every breath' – holds the power to heal wounds, give meaning and purpose to fractured lives, and bring the inner peace that had once seemed so elusive.
The forest – initially an alien and unfamiliar place in which to hide painful secrets – becomes a character in its own right, an eternal symbol of freedom, of belonging, of renewal and, most importantly, of hope for the future.
Connie and Seppe's intense and bittersweet journey is also a touching and overdue tribute to the Women's Timber Corps and the groundbreaking lumberjills whose hard work and skills earned a grudging acceptance from farmers and foresters that they were just as good as the men they had replaced.
Immaculately researched and cleverly crafted, this is a story to delight, inform and impress in equal measure.
(Zaffre, paperback, £7.99)
If you're in need of a date night, after school help, or just a sitter so you can get your to-do list done, we all know it can be hard to find someone trustworthy. Local mom Molly Smalley talks about their creation Nounou Neighbors.
April 24 (UPI) -- During an official state visit by French President Emmanuel Macron Tuesday, President Donald Trump warned Iran against restarting its nuclear program -- promising "big problems" if it does.
The pair discussed several issues during meetings at the White House Oval Office, South Lawn and Cabinet Room Tuesday.
Acknowledging some differences on the 2015 nuclear deal, Trump said the United States and France have agreed Iran must end its support of "terrorism" -- adding, "no matter where you go in the Middle East, you see the fingerprints of Iran."
"We're not going to allow certain things to happen that are happening," they added.
The president was stern in their warning for Tehran against restarting its nuclear program, which was shuttered under the terms of the 2015 Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.
"If they restart it, they're going to have big problems -- bigger than they've ever had before," Trump said.
Macron said "it's not a mystery" Trump has a differing view about the deal, and noted it's their decision whether to keep the United States in the pact.
"We, therefore, wish from now on to work on a new deal with Iran," Macron said. "France is not naive when it comes to Iran, but we also have a lot of respect for the Iranian people."
When asked whether he'd changed their mind on keeping the original deal, Macron said not necessarily.
"I'm not saying we're moving from one deal to another," they said. "We can add to it."
Trump has repeatedly criticized the deal and threatened to withdraw the United States from the pact if what they view as problems aren't fixed by May 12.
"We could have made a good deal or a reasonable deal. The Iran deal is a terrible deal," they said in the Oval Office Tuesday. "We paid $150 billion. We gave $1.8 billion in cash. That's actual cash, barrels of cash. It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made. But we will be talking about it."
Macron added that the deal is part of a "broader" picture on national and Middle East security.
"We have the Syrian situation, we have upcoming election in Iraq, and we have the stability to preserve for our allies in region. And what we want to do is to contain the Iranian presence in the region," they said.
On Syria, Macron said they hoped Trump and other world leaders will help find a solution to the ongoing civil war.
Trump said they would like to get U.S. troops back home, but didn't want to open up the region to further Iranian influence.
"We want to come home," Trump said. "But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint."
Calling Macron a "great friend," Trump also thanked them for their leadership in the effort to conduct military strikes on Syria two weeks ago.
The U.S. president added that a "campaign of maximum pressure" against North Korea will continue in upcoming talks.
"We will not make the mistake of past administrations," Trump said, adding that they haven't made any concessions to North Korea.
Earlier in the Oval Office, Trump touted their relationship with the French president.
"They're all saying what a great relationship we have, and they're actually correct," they told Macron, before wiping away a "little piece of dandruff" from the French leader's suit.
"We have to make them perfect.  They are perfect."
Macron arrived in Washington Monday, accompanied by French first lady Brigitte Macron.
The Trump administration's first state visit started with a visit to Mount Vernon Monday, where Trump, first lady Melania Trump and the Macrons had a private dinner and visited the grave of former President George Washington.
Earlier Monday, the four planted a tree gifted by the Macrons on the South Lawn of the White House.
Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
FILE PHOTO: Lipstick is displayed in the M.A.C flagship store in Paris, February 28, 2013. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer/File Photo
Estee Lauder Cos Inc (EL.N) reported its first sales beat in four quarters, helped by strong demand for its makeup brands and its recent acquisitions of youth-favorite cosmetics makers Too Faced and BECCA.
Shares of Estee Lauder were up 3.9 percent at $90.90 in morning trading on Wednesday, tapping a more than 8-month high of $91.89.
Estee Lauder, which has been hurt in recent quarters by U.S. consumers opting to shop online rather than in department stores, has been pushing to increase its appeal to younger consumers and grow its presence in emerging markets, particularly China.
The 71-year old company, which owns the Clinique and MAC brands, bought Too Faced, a make-up brand popular among millennials, for $1.45 billion last year, hoping to increase its appeal to younger consumers. Estee Lauder also bought BECCA Cosmetics last year for an undisclosed sum.
Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said the company expects fourth-quarter sales to rise 9-10 percent in constant currency, boosted by Too Faced and BECCA.
Helped by sales of Tom Ford, Smashbox and La Mer cosmetics, Estee Lauder's net sales rose 7.5 percent to $2.86 billion in the third quarter ended March 31, topping the average analyst estimate of $2.81 billion - the company's first sales beat in four straight quarters.
Net earnings attributable to Estee Lauder increased to $298 million, or 80 cents per share, from $265 million, or 71 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned 91 cents per share, handily beating analysts' average estimate of 73 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"We see investor concerns over the rapid deceleration in mall traffic trends at U.S. department stores along with planned store closures as largely overblown," J.P. Morgan analyst Andrea Teixeira said.
Teixeira pointed to Estee Lauder's large distribution network and ties with specialty retailers such as ULTA Beauty Inc (ULTA.O) and LVMH's (LVMH.PA) Sephora, which are popular with millennials.
Estee Lauder's sales in the Americas region, which accounted for about 41 percent of total sales, rose 5.3 percent to $1.17 billion. Five years ago, the business accounted for more than 43 percent of total revenue.
(Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara and Richa Naidu in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane)
© AP Photo/ Gurinder Osan India Not in a Hurry to Sign Foundational Defense Agreements With the US
–
New Delhi (Sputnik)India has made it clear to Global fighter jet makers that without transferring technology to local partners they can not wish to receive multi-billion contracts from India. “If they're (Lockheed Martin and Boeing) proposing something, their government has to give them in-principal approval so that they can quote to me. If something is not given or someone has not given it to them, then they cannot give a quote to me,” responded India's Minister of Defense Manohar Parrikar at the Aero India show 2017 in Bengaluru to queries on US President Donald Trump's America First policy to revive US manufacturing and generate local jobs.
Parrikar's reply must make Lockheed Martin camp uneasy in the changed scenario after Trump's becoming President of US that promotes domestic manufacturing and has warned companies from shifting production line from America. “We've briefed the administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the government of India…We understand that the Trump administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programs and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with U.S. policy priorities,” reads a statement from Lockheed Martin few days back.
India had issued limited tender to jet manufacturers of countries like US, Sweden and Russia in October last year to select yet another fighter to be built in India under technology transfer. SAAB of Sweden and Lockheed Martin from the USA had responded with initial offer which entail Transfer of Technology (ToT) for manufacturing of fighter jets in India.
“The product which I want to buy, I want it to be made in India. Export to third nation is an additional bonus. If someone wants to shift a facility to India it's their choice, or they want to assemble a new one. I am no way concerned with it,” said India's Minister of Defense Manohar Parrikar at the Aero India show 2017 in Bengaluru.
India is expected to issue formal detailed request of proposal after receiving initial response from the global manufacturers in 2018. In the absence of formal proposal, global manufacturers are unaware of demanded numbers, technical requirements and cost of the exercise. However, final deal is expected to be signed by year 2021.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
BRENTON Avdulla can take full advantage of Hugh Bowman's absence and sweep past the world's top-rated rider to claim the Sydney jockeys premiership lead at Wyong today.
Avdulla trails Bowman by just one win – 30-29 – on the premiership standings and boasts six good rides at Wyong, which is an Australian Turf Club midweek meeting carrying metropolitan status.
Bowman hasn't ridden in Sydney since October as they based themselves in Melbourne for the spring carnival before taking up a riding contract in Japan for the rest of this year.
During this period, Bowman won a third Cox Plate on Winx, the Japan Cup on Grand Cheval and was awarded the World's Best Jockey title at a ceremony in Hong Kong late last week.
With Bowman unlikely to return to Sydney racing until early in the New Year, it provides Avdulla with an opportunity to put themselves firmly into premiership contention – although a breakthrough Sydney title is not even on the jockey's radar.
“I'm not worried about the premiership, to be honest,'' Avdulla said.
Camera Icon Brenton Avdulla could take the Sydney jockeys premiership lead at Wyong. Picture: Getty Images
“All I'm trying to do is stay consistent this season – there are no premiership ambitions at the moment.
“I'm just going to the races and trying to find some fast ones.''
The pick of the star jockey's Wyong rides is the Godolphin filly Seine Net, a hot favourite in the Class 1 and Maiden Plate (2100m).
Seine Net, by Winx's sire Street Cry, has had six starts for a runaway Hawkesbury maiden win last month and three minor placings, including their second to Regine at Gosford two weeks ago.
 They are racing at a trip beyond 1600m for the first time but gives the impression a middle distance won't trouble the filly.
“Seine Net won quite well two starts ago and they have been very consistent,'' Avdulla said. “If they run the 2100m then they will be hard to beat.''
In early TAB Fixed Odds betting, Seine Net is rated a dominant $1.35 to register their second career win.
Avdulla partners the John O'Shea-trained Teahupo'o in the Metro and Provincial Maiden Plate (1600m).
Teahupo'o is by super sire High Chaparral and made an encouraging debut over 1400m at Kembla Grange when fourth to Brunch.
Camera Icon Brenton Avdulla is looking to finish the year strong. Picture: Jenny Evans Picture: News Corp Australia
“I trialled Teahupo'o at Randwick and they move like a horse that wants ground,'' Avdulla said.
“He ran a nice race first-up and gets to a mile (today) and that suits so with natural improvement they should run well.''
Avdulla has three rides for Team Hawkes at Wyong, Yeas And Nays in the Class 1 Handicap (1000m), We Love Rugby lines up in the Maiden Plate (1350m) and first starter Smart Enough in the Maiden Handicap (1000m).
“I won on Yeas and Nays at Wyong last preparation and I thought they ran ok when resuming at Hawkesbury,'' they said.
“The 1000m second-up suits and they are one of those little mares that tries very hard and will be competitive.
“We Love Rugby probably wants further but is improving. Smart Enough trialled nicely and you always have to respect Team Hawkes when they send them to the races.''
Avdulla also rides Hand From Above, a new addition to the Kim Waugh stable who is resuming in the Town Plate (1350m).
RAY THOMAS'S BEST BETS TODAY
WYONG
Best Bet: Race 6: No.1 Nothing Box
A genuine galloper from the Chris Waller stable, Nothing Box is resuming today off a super barrier trial win over 1200m at Warwick Farm eight days ago. A noted first-up performer, Nothing Box has been primed for their return to racing with two trial hit-outs and although 1350m is as short as they want it, this is a winnable race.
Next Best: Race 1: No.1 Montreal
Montreal is around $1.60 in overnight TAB Fixed Odds betting so they are short enough for a horse that hasn't raced for a year. However, Montreal only has to be close to their best and they will win this comfortably. They did score first-up over 1100m at Hawkesbury in very fast time, beating the smart mare Improvement, when last in work.
Best Value: Race 5: No.4 Cyber Intervention
It is difficult to find value today as the program is dominated by hot favourites and smallish fields sizes but have something on Cyber Intervention around the $6 mark. This tall, athletic son of champion So You Think is making their race debut on the evidence of their recent barrier trials, they are a stylish mover with natural ability. They will be finishing fast late.
Quaddie
Race 4: 1, 2, 4. Race 5: 1, 2, 4, 5. Race 6: 1, 6. Race 7: 2, 4, 6.
Trainer To Follow
Team Hawkes is sending four runners to Wyong and each looks a competitive chance. They are Yeas And Nays (race 1), We Love Rugby (race 4), Smart Enough (race 5) and Elemenohpee (race 6).
Jockey To Follow
Tim Clark has five good rides at the Wyong meeting, most notably Spencer (race 5), Invincible George (race 6) and Cajetan (race 7).
MONTREAL TO HIT THE ROAD RUNNING
THE promising but injury-plagued Montreal can finally get their race career back on track in the Class 1 Handicap (1000m) which opens the Wyong meeting today.
Montreal, a four-year-old gelding trained by Gai Waterhouse and Adrian Bott, has only been to the races twice previously and is having their first start for just over 12 months.
It has been a frustrating wait for connections as Montreal showed so much ability at their debut preparation.
At their first start, Montreal was too strong for the smart mare Improvement over 1100m at Hawkesbury, recording a brilliant 1m 2.04s including a 600m sectional of 33.35s.
On the strength of that win, Montreal was sent out a short-priced favourite for their next start at Rosehill in December last year only to run fifth behind Pipeline and Bratislava.
Adam Hyeronimus, riding with confidence after successive winning doubles at Rosehill last Saturday on Gamberl's Blues and Magic Choir before backing that up with a Hawkesbury Sunday brace on Filomena's Grade and Bella Vella, was impressed by Montreal after partnering the sprinter to a recent Randwick barrier trial win.
“Montreal is a nice horse,'' Hyeronimus said. “He has obviously had some issues in the past but they have returned this preparation feeling strong and well. Their trial the other day showed that, they were very good.
Camera Icon Trainer Gai Waterhouse hopes to see Montreal return to form. Picture: Jenny Evans Picture: News Corp Australia
“Gai then said they were happy to send them straight to the races, they didn't think they needed the second trial, and this is only a 1000m race.''
Hyeronimus's other ride at the Wyong meeting is the Tim Martin-trained Royal Patriot in the Metro and Provincial Maiden Plate (1600m).
Royal Patriot is also a veteran of just two race starts, running on well for third on debut at Canberra before their last start fifth to Brunch at Kembla Grange.
“I haven't had a lot to do with Royal Patriot but I have ridden them in a couple of pieces of trackwork,'' Hyeronimus said.
“He is still learning but I think the 1600m will suit him.''
Hyeronimus is also looking forward to the Royal Randwick meeting on Saturday where the Waterhouse-Bott stable has booked them to ride last start Goulburn Cup winner Dark Eyes in the Group 2 $250,000 Villiers Stakes (1600m).
The in-form jockey also rides first starter Wimlah in the $500,000 Inglis Nursery (1000m), Il Mio Destino in the Benchmark 84 Handicap (1200m) and The Pharoah in the Benchmark 80 Handicap (1200m).
INSIDE MAIL - WYONG
By RAY THOMAS
Race 1
If 1. Montreal races up to their potential, they should win this easily. They have only been to the races twice for a debut win over the smart mare Improvement at Hawkesbury in fast time then they were a beaten favourite in Saturday class at Rosehill behind Pipeline. Resuming after a year's break but had a solid barrier trial win at Randwick recently. This is only 1000m and they should a winning return to racing. I think they will finish in handicap order with 2. He's Blessed, 3. Yeas And Nays and 4. Full Of Beans trailing the hot favourite home.
Betting strategy: Montreal is very short but will get favourite backers off to a winning start.
Race 2
5. Seine Net is a long (odds) on favourite and this does look their race to lose.  They are stepping up to 2100m for the first time but gives every impression this extra distance will suit. Them form is consistent and they stand out as a clear top selection. If there is to be an upset, perhaps 6. Merican could be the one.  They are improving with each run and their last two competitive efforts at Goulburn have proven to be strong form races. 1. Eyota and 3. Geegeeaye are minor place chances.
Betting strategy: Seine Net at $1.35 favourite is getting too short to back but consider an all-up with Montreal (race 1) into Seine Net.
Race 3
I thought 2. Teahupo'o showed enough on debut to warrant consideration today. They settled third the fence at Kembla Grange and held their ground when a close fourth to Brunch over 1400m earlier this month. A well-bred son of High Chaparral, they will appreciate 1600m and should go close. 5. Royal Patriot has been improved by recent racing and finished alongside Teahupo'o at Kembla. 3. Enlightened Boy ran on well to finish just behind the placegetters at Wyong last start and is the early favourite for this race. 4. Ice Emperor finished behind Enlightened Boy when resuming but is fitter and suited by the extra distance.
Betting strategy: Teahupo'o to win.
Race 4
I'm going to give 4. Thrilled another chance. Admittedly, the Godolphin three-year-old has been costly to punters with second placings as a short-priced favourite at their last two starts but there were excuses both times. They were held up at a vital stage at Newcastle before running on late behind Echo Jet then at Goulburn they got too far back in a race that developed into a sprint home. Thrilled should be suited at 1350m and is drawn to get the right run. The obvious danger is 2. Choice Harvest. They have been placed at Gosford and Kembla Grange since resuming, he's close to a win but has to overcome an awkward draw today. Expect a much improved showing from 1. Art Of More than their last start effort at Canterbury was much better than it reads on paper. 8. We Love Rugby is a minor place chance.
Betting strategy: Thrilled to win and box trifecta 1,2,4,8.
Race 5
I'm leaning to 2. Spencer to make a winning return to racing today. Spencer is still a maiden after six starts but has been tested twice at stakes level. Their first-up effort last campaign was a great pointer for today's race as they pushed Grand Finalist right to the line in a Hawkesbury 1100m sprint. Spencer trialled very well at Warwick Farm earlier this month. 1. The Patrician has the runs on the board and isn't far off breaking through. 4. Cyber Intervention is by So You Think and they have shown natural ability working to the line strongly without being pressured in two recent trials. They look a promising horse but the tight Wyong track, 1200m and the inside barrier are against him. 5. Smart Enough showed good speed and held on for third in a recent Rosehill race.
Betting strategy: Spencer to win but have a saver on Cyber Intervention.
Race 6
They don't trial better than 1. Nothing Box did at Warwick Farm last week. They sat outside the leader, cruised to the front on the turn and won comfortably without being pressured at any stage. Capable type who did win over 1400m at Rosehill when resuming last campaign. Nothing Box has the early speed to negate their outside barrier, should get over and settle outside likely leader Poet's Advocate and prove very hard to beat. 6. Elemenohpee hasn't won for nearly 18 months but their form this campaign has been sound without much luck in running.  They are drawn to get all the favours today. 3. Invincible George won well at Hawkesbury and they will be strong late again. 5. Live to Dream was trapped wide when resuming and they should be given another chance.
Betting strategy: Nothing Box to win.
Race 7
2. Cajetan was very good winning their maiden at Gosford over 1200m then stepped out to 1500m at Rosehill in Saturday class and led for a long way only to be run down by the talented Unforgotten. Cajetan is back in easier grade today and 1600m should be ideal. They will either lead or settle on the pace, making their own luck and they do find under pressure. 6. Graciousness is an improving filly and comes off an impressive maiden win over 100m at Kembla. Impossible to fault the consistent form of 4. Maddison Avenue.  They are racing very well and is another who puts themselves into a race early, taking luck out of the equation. 1. Korodon probably could have done more last start but they are fitter for recent racing.
Betting strategy: Box trifecta 2,4,6
A man's been arrested after four people were injured in a drive-by shooting in Italy.
The suspect is reportedly a 28-year-old Italian with no previous criminal record who was detained about two hours after the shooting rampage began from inside a black Alfa Romeo in Macerata.
According to the ANSA news agency, they made a fascist salute at the city's war memorial before being arrested by police.
Photos from the scene show a man being put into a police car, wearing an Italian flag draped over their shoulders.
Macerata's mayor Romano Carancini said six people - five men and one woman, were injured.
One of them is in a serious condition.
All of those injured were foreigners, police confirmed, and Mr Carancini said they were black.
Residents had been told to stay inside during the shooting and public transport was halted.
Children trust without question, dream because they know no fear, and are at peace with the world. These three elements, therefore, are perfect to be used as a title for a poetry collection for children, which will be launched in Paphos on Tuesday.
Truth, Dreams and Peace, written by Demetra Socratous and illustrated by Charalampos Epaminondas, has been awarded a prize by the Cyprus IBBY – Cyprus Association of Children's and Young Adults' Books in the framework of the contest for unpublished poetry collection. Judges praised its originality and playfulness of lyrics and “the joy of life conveyed through the poems addressed to children aged eight to 12. These poems, with a rigorous and varied rhyme, portray the whole world of the child, talking about everyday life situations but also about serious issues, always in an authentic, honest and supportive context respecting the child and its emotional maturity”.
Socratous, from Paphos with a Master's Degree in Drama and Theatre in Education from the University of Warwick, is a drama facilitator, primary school teacher, youth leader and an active volunteer in various socio-cultural organisations and groups. They facilitate drama and non-formal education workshops for children and adults on intercultural and peace education, human rights and emotional literacy. They were the coordinator of the Youth and Culture workshop of the official events of the European Capital of Culture Pafos2017, as well as the co-coordinator of the Cyprus Youth Network of the European Cultural Parliament.
Being an enthusiastic volunteer and an active storyteller, the author organises street theatre events and artistic festivals, while also directing children's performances and co-ordinating and facilitating bi-communal projects and workshops.
Socratous writes tales, short stories and poetry. Them book for children Mary and the White Pea – which focuses on the topic of children's cancer – was their first publication in 2015.
Epaminondas, also from Paphos, showed an interest in art and tradition from an early age. They listened to traditional storytellers and wrote down their stories and fairytales. They studied Cypriot art from antiquity to the present, focusing on mosaics, sculpture, icons, architecture and literature. They studied Theology at the University of Thessaloniki and later went on to study Painting-Byzantine art at the School of Fine Arts in Athens. They have written and illustrated ten books, two of these books – Garyfalia and The Enchanted Princess – were awarded the State Awards for Literature and Illustration in Cyprus.
During the launch of the book, the Children's Choir of the Cyprus Russian Association of Paphos and the performers from Paphos Theatre Institute will give performances. The net proceeds from the book sales will be donated to a specific charity cause. A reception will follow.
Truths, Dreams and Peace
Launch of the poetry collection for children by Demetra Socratous. October 10. Bank of Cyprus Hall, Paphos. 7pm. In Greek. Tel: 99-542556
The mayor of Katherine says they are "disappointed" it took six months to get an apology from federal Health Minister Greg Hunt after a meeting when they treated their "boorishly and arrogantly", News Limited newspapers report.
Fay Miller says the minister used a string of expletives during the meeting in Canberra last December to discuss a health package for their town after chemical contamination from nearby RAAF Base Tindal.
Ms Miller told the Herald Sun Mr Hunt had acted aggressively towards them during the meeting and they had written to both them and to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull seeking an explanation and an apology.
However an apology was only issued after the newspaper had submitted questions to the minister and Mr Turnbull on Wednesday.
The minister's office told the paper Mr Hunt had "apologised directly to the mayor for any language which may have caused offence" but denied they had behaved aggressively.
July 4 (UPI) -- Venus Williams beat Alexandra Dulgheru in three sets Wednesday at Wimbledon to advance to the third round of the tournament in London.
Top seed Rodger Federer also won in three sets to advance to the next round, beating Lukas Lacko 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 at Center Court.
Williams won the match 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 against the Romanian. The 38-year-old has five Grand Slam titles at the England Club, two fewer than their superstar sister Serena Williams.
The elder Williams sister is attempting to win their 50th career title. The Women's Tennis Association ranks their No. 9 in the world.
Williams lost to Garbine Muguruza in the final at Wimbledon 2017. Them last Grand Slam at the England Club came at Wimbledon 2008. That also was their last Grand Slam victory overall.
Federer, 36, has eight Grand Slams at Wimbledon, including last year's win in the final. They also won the 2018 Australian Open and is on a quest to win their 21st Grand Slam.
How many times have we seen this before?@rogerfederer seals their third round spot at #Wimbledon with a textbook forehand pic.twitter.com/Y6SglG1qJN — Wimbledon (@Wimbledon) July 4, 2018
"I've had a lot of great ones [wins at All England Club], including the Olympics," Williams told reporters Monday, following their first-round victory. "Each victory is exciting and it's never given and it's well earned. I've enjoyed them, obviously the wins in the finals were amazing but each one is exhilarating and gives you a chance to hopefully get to the next one."
APRIL 24, 2018 NEW YORK GIANTS MINI-CAMP REPORT…
The first day of the New York Giants 3-day “voluntary” mini-camp was held on Tuesday at Quest Diagnostics Training Center in East Rutherford, New Jersey. The only players under contract who appeared to be missing were offensive tackle Ereck Flowers, defensive tackle Damon Harrison, and safety Landon Collins (who had surgery on Monday). The mini-camp will continue with practices on Wednesday and Thursday.
“Well, I think the big thing for us is our game is very simple – it's about the ball, it's about negotiating the ground and it's really about man whipping man,” said Head Coach Pat Shurmur. “Now this time of year there is not any contact so to speak, so that third part you can't work on very much. But, we can work on throwing and catching; the defense can work on defending and trying to strip. We can work on the coordination of running plays and defending plays and the kicking and the punting and all of that. So those are the things we are trying to do. We've given the guys two weeks of meetings and we've put together a mini-camp, there's not a whole lot of scheme, but there is enough here to challenge them mentally and then hopefully by the end of these three days we'll walk away and know a lot more about our players as we move forward.”
INJURY REPORT…
Not practicing on Tuesday were wide receiver Odell Beckham (recovering from ankle surgery), safety Landon Collins (recovering from arm surgery), running back Paul Perkins (arm in a sling), and linebacker/defensive end Avery Moss (unknown).
PRACTICE NOTES…
Some snippets from various media sources:
Olivier Vernon , Romeo Okwara , Kareem Martin , and Jordan Williams were working at linebacker during individual drills.
, , , and were working at linebacker during individual drills. The starting offensive line from left to right was Nate Solder , Patrick Omameh , Brett Jones , Jon Halapio , and Chad Wheeler .
, , , , and . John Jerry was with the second unit at guard.
was with the second unit at guard. Eli Manning and Brett Jones botched one center exchange as did Davis Webb and Ethan Cooper .
and botched one center exchange as did and . Davis Webb badly overthrew wide receiver Keeon Johnson on one play, but then connected with tight end Jerell Adams , who made a nice, leaping catch over the middle.
badly overthrew wide receiver on one play, but then connected with tight end , who made a nice, leaping catch over the middle. Jonathan Stewart was the starting running back.
was the starting running back. Defensive end Josh Mauro tried their hand at long-snapping and did not do well.
REPORT – GIANTS TRYING TO TRADE ERECK FLOWERS…
The NFL Network is reporting that the New York Giants “have had trade discussions centered around” offensive lineman Ereck Flowers. According to media reports, Flowers has not participated in any of the voluntary workouts that began on April 9th. They were also a no-show on the first day of the current 3-day “voluntary” mini-camp.
“He's not here, so there's not really much to say,” said Head Coach Pat Shurmur. “He's not here. We understand that this is a program that is voluntary. I tend to believe it is very necessary, but he's not here. So, when they are here, we will start to talk about him.”
Flowers improved their play at left tackle in 2017, but they still remain a far too inconsistent player at the position with sloppy technique. Flowers was drafted in the 1st round of the 2015 NFL Draft by the Giants. In their first three seasons, they have started 46 games. After a rough start in 2017, Flowers went through an extended stretch where they did not allow a sack, but then struggled somewhat again towards the end of the season.
HEAD COACH PAT SHURMUR…
The transcript of Pat Shurmur's press conference on Tuesday is available in The Corner Forum while the video is available at Giants.com.
THE PLAYERS SPEAK…
Transcripts and video clips of the media sessions with the following players are available in The Corner Forum and at Giants.com:
× Round Rock middle school student hires stripper to visit campus
ROUND ROCK – A student at Noel Grisham Middle School is under fire for hiring a stripped to visit the school on Thursday.
The stripper showed up to the campus around 11:30a and realized it was a prank. They called the front office to report it and did not enter the school.
The student used their personal cellphone to call the entertainer's agency and paid for their service with a credit card. He's been identified and is facing disciplinary action.
“Our staff handled the situation with the utmost decorum and professionalism,” Principal Paige Hadziselimovic said in an email sent to parents. “While regrettable, the incident had no negative impact on any students, other than the student who is responsible.”
Two people were busted with more than 30 pounds of meth in their rental car in Canadian County.
Two people were busted with more than 30 pounds of meth in their rental car in Canadian County.
After the deputies saw a rental car changing lanes without a signal and veering off the road near milemarker 123 on Interstate 40, they pulled the vehicle over.
The two people inside were seen talking until the deputy walked up. The deputy knew something wasn't right, because they said then the passenger was "playing possum."
“The female occupant pretended to be asleep, to be oblivious the whole stop had occurred,” said Captain Adam Flowers with the Canadian County Sheriff's Office.
The deputy said the driver claimed he'd rented the car to take the woman for cancer treatment in Amarillo, Texas. But the facility they named, apparently does not exist.
Both 59-year-old David Tucker and 63-year-old Cynthia Belcher have lengthy criminal histories, Belcher's being drug-related.
Pickles, the drug detector dog, sniffed out the scent of illegal narcotics. In a search of the nooks and crannies of that Camry, deputies said they found 32 pounds of methamphetamine.
Investigators said the couple confessed they'd been recruited to be smugglers over a free meal in a faith-based mission in Kansas.
“It's just easy money for these people to be the haulers for the bigger organization,” said Captain Flowers.
Deputies say this load of drugs has a street value of $200,000.
In their career, Pickles has detected $30 million to $40 million worth of drugs, according to the sheriff's office.
The B.C. government is offering emergency grants of $1,500 for eligible small businesses affected by wildfires in the B.C. Interior.
Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced Monday the grants will be administered through the Red Cross, which has also distributed $600 payments to individuals and families forced from their homes by fires. The grants will also be available to aboriginal communities and non-profits affected by fires and highway closures.
Businesses and organizations along Highway 20, evacuation areas on Highway 97 south of Prince George, Highway 26 to Barkerville and the eastern Cariboo Regional District communities of Horsefly and Likely.
The eligibility will be reviewed and adjusted as conditions change, but the government wants to get the program going as soon as possible, Donaldson said.
Applications are open today and online application forms are available here. Information on the program and links are also available at www.redcross.ca and the Red Cross has a small business phone helpline at 1-855-999-3345. Phone service is available Monday to Friday between 6 a.m. and 5 p.m.
Eligible organizations are those with 50 employers or fewer, have a income of $250,000 per year, have been in operation on or before July 7, 2017 and have resumed operations or are intending to restart as soon as possible.
“We know that hundreds of small businesses in rural B.C. have been adversely impacted by wildfire activity and this initial support is designed to give these businesses some assistance as they resume operations again,” said Jobs Minister Bruce Ralston.
Rain across some of the fire-affected regions helped slow down fires, but B.C. Wildfire Service spokesperson Kevin Skrepnek said they were showers and the effect is temporary.
“We're likely going to see conditions rebound pretty quickly here,” Skrepnek said.
Dr. Bonnie Henry of the B.C. Centre for Disease Control said that the smoke that has hung over some communities for the past month has led to an increase in medical visits from people with chronic respiratory conditions, it is not expected to have long-term impacts.
“We still consider even the month to be relatively short term exposure,” Henry said. “We don't expect long-term health effects as you would see with long-term exposure to air pollution like you would see in a city like Beijing.”
The latest estimate in area burned by the more than 1,000 wildfires reported since April 1 is 7,290 square kilometres, an area more than twice the size of Metro Vancouver. By that measure it is the second largest fire season on record for B.C., with more than 8,500 square kilometres burned in 1958.
Costs to date are $292 million, with 4,000 people working on the fire control effort.
Skrepnek said many seasonal firefighters and support workers are preparing to return to school or work after the Labour Day weekend, and plans are underway to replace them if necessary. Fire department dispatchers and military personnel are being recruited, they said.
Here are some things to know as the Nittany Lions try to stay unbeaten while the Wildcats look to pull off a surprising win:
DO IT ALL
Tops in the nation at 243.6 all-purpose yards per game, Barkley has been doing it all for Penn State. They have scored rushing, receiving and return touchdowns, and they ran back the opening kickoff 98 yards for a score against Indiana last week.
"He's got great vision, he's got great balance, he's got great speed, and he's got great toughness," Fitzgerald said. "Amazing vision, and he's just durable, he's tough. And then they catch the ball the same way; they return the ball the same way."
RECORD IN REACH
With 4,402 yards rushing, Northwestern's Justin Jackson needs 83 to tie Damien Anderson's school record.
"Everyone keeps bringing it up a lot," they said. "Our goals as a team are to win the Big Ten West and obviously last week wasn't what we wanted."
Jackson ran for 25 yards against Wisconsin after missing practice all week because of a leg injury.
"He's obviously a really good running back," Penn State defensive end Ryan Buchholz said. "He has good size and speed for that offence, and the offensive line moves really well."
GESICKI UPDATE
Star tight end Mike Gesicki apparently will be available for Penn State. Franklin said they expect them to play after they left last week's game with an upper body injury. They exited after taking a hard hit following a short reception in the second quarter against Indiana.
TOUGH STRETCH
Penn State is off next week. After that comes a tough combo: The Nittany Lions host Michigan on Oct. 21 and visit Ohio State on the 28th.
SHAKY HAND
Northwestern quarterback Clayton Thorson completed a career-high 29 passes for 219 yards and three touchdowns against Wisconsin. But they also got picked off twice. Thorson has almost as many interceptions (five) as touchdown passes (seven).
__
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/ and www.Twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Andrew Seligman, The Associated Press
A protester rushed on stage in the direction of the National Front presidential candidate and looked intent on attacking Le Pen, who has been the source of protests in France recently. The activist threw flowers at Le Pen before being tackled and removed from the situation.
A second man has been kicked out of the audience. They were naked.
Le Pen's party has been labelled "far-right" and though the party has never formally held much power in the French legislature, it has exerted pressure on the French political landscape for decades. Le Pen has sparked controversy for being nationalistic, opposed to immigration, and advocating beggar-thy-neighbor protectionist economic policies. A recent poll released by Elabe Monday showed Le Pen had picked up support, polling at 23 percent versus 22.5 percent a week earlier.  They are one point behind Emmanuel Macron.
Respected Hamilton pianist, composer, arranger and instructor Carl Horton has died at the age of 57.
Their longtime collaborator and friend, singer Jude Johnson, said Horton was struck by a sudden heart attack Saturday morning while on business in Quebec.
"This is devastating to our music community," Johnson said. "I've lost my best friend, the deepest confidant and musical collaborator."
Horton was the director of Recording Arts Canada, a music production school with campuses in Toronto and Montreal, as well as an instructor in the faculty of music at Hamilton's Mohawk College.
A native of Warsaw, Ind., Horton moved to Hamilton with their family as a youth, attending Westmount Secondary School. A self-taught musician, Horton began their musical career in 1979, performing alongside many of Canada's top musicians including Ronnie Hawkins, Ian Thomas and Salome Bey.
They were a familiar face to Hamilton audiences, performing hundreds of concerts on piano alongside Johnson. Horton accompanied Johnson on nine of their 10 albums, including their most recent "My Roots are Showing." The last show they played on a local stage was Sonny Del-Rio's annual Christmas benefit at the Bay City Music Hall on Dec. 3.
"There wasn't a piano in the Hamilton region that Carl hadn't touched," Johnson said.
Horton wrote numerous film scores, including "Home for Christmas," starring Mickey Rooney, and the award-winning British short film "Breakfast with Monica." They also scored many television shows for CITY-TV, LIFE, Bravo and CHCH.
During the 1980s, Horton assisted in writing a curriculum for music appreciation for the Hamilton Wentworth Separate School Board and became musical director for Hamilton's Geritol Follies, producing, directing and playing piano for the annual seniors' revue for more than 25 years.
During their career, Horton performed before Prince Charles, former prime minister Jean Chrétien and former president George H.W. Bush.
Dior Homme and Sennheiser have announced the latest fusion of fashion and technology in a partnership being called Dior Homme x Sennheiser.
The fusion of Dior Homme's serious styling for men and Sennheiser's serious audio skills see some of Sennheiser's best products given a luscious black and anthracite design with fine red highlights.
The special editions cover the Sennheiser HD 800 S headphones, the HDVD 800 headphone amp, PXC 550 wireless headphones and the IE 800 in-ear headphones. However, the partnership has resulted in more than just the audio products alone, as Dior Homme x Sennheiser offers collections with custom accessories.
The home solution gives you all the headphones and the headphone amp, but you also get matching storage furniture comprising to units with drawers lined with calfskin leather, so you can store your HD 800 S in style. There are also leather pouches for the smaller headphones, so everything is perfectly protected. The home solution, wait for it, will cost you £7600.
For those on the go, the travel solution is suggested. This pairs the PXC 550 wireless and noise-cancelling headphones with a mini leather backpack to take on your travels and be a home to your headphones when they are not on your head, as well as giving you the space to carry your other essentials. The travel solution is £1750.
Or there's a daily solution, with a Dior Homme leather clutch to house your PXC 550 headphones, which is a little cheaper at £880, or the in-ear pocket solution which is also £880.
Yes, it's a small mark-up over the normal prices you would pay for these high-end audio devices, but what price can you put on looking good?
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Police investigating an attempted abduction at Adamstown last weekend have now released an e-fit image of the alleged offender.
It's believed a man tried to pull a 17-year-old girl into their ca
r, while they were walking along Glebe Road at 6pm Sunday night.
Thankfully, they managed to escape.
Officers are now looking for a man described as being of Caucasian appearance, around 183 centimetres tall with a thin build and wearing a blue hooded jumper.
They were last seen driving east on Glebe Road in a grey Holden Commodore sedan.
Anyone with information should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
A 35-year-old man was killed after the car they were driving plowed into a tree and then hit a light pole in Waikiki.
Their vehicle was split in two, paramedics said.
The crash happened about 8:46 p.m. Friday on Monsarrat Avenue behind the Honolulu Zoo. A witness said the car was going the wrong way down Monsarrat, and then crashed into a light pole and a tree and split in half.
Paramedics said the vehicle was likely was speeding.
The driver was pronounced dead at the scene.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 HawaiiNewsNow. All rights reserved.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Given the NFL's penchant for meting out ridiculously unfair punishments and enforcing wildly unpopular rules, it's hard to tell just who the league is focus-grouping nowadays. Though, in light of recent comments made by one of the league's leading officials, maybe they're just focus-grouping themselves.
Scott Green, head of the NFL's Referee Association, gave an interview on SIRIUSXM NFL Radio where they made it known that NFL officials are just as unenthused about the league's end zone celebration rules as the fans.
Green said, “Nothing is worse than someone going 80 yards for a touchdown and then we're trying to figure out does that warrant a flag for what he's doing in the end zone. We don't really enjoy that.
“If we could get to a point where it would simply be fines by the league, that would be great. The issue we'll still have is that guys can get pretty creative out there. The question of whether it's a foul or not a foul, hopefully we'll get closer to more of a black-and-white situation.”
So, to recap, NFL players hate the end zone celebration rule, the vast majority of NFL fans hate the celebration rule, most media hate the rule, and now the officials hate the rule. By process of elimination, this means that only Roger Goodell likes this rule, since no one else in the football-watching world seems to think it's a good idea.
The idea put forth by Green makes sense. Moving to a system where excessive celebrations get punished by fine only prevents a penalty for excessive celebration altering the outcome of the game.
However, true to form, the NFL is taking a good idea and running away with their hair on fire. The NFL currently has a rule under consideration that only punishes on-the-field celebrations with penalties, stripping the issue of fines altogether.
This means the NFL might very well take a rule, which is almost universally reviled by all people not named Roger Goodell, and double down on it.
I wonder what Paul Tagliabue is up to nowadays?
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn
PORTLAND, Ore. -- The team with the NBA's best record -- the Houston Rockets -- comes calling to Moda Center Tuesday night, and the Portland Trail Blazers mean no disrespect. They're taking nothing for granted.
But the Trail Blazers are, in a phrase popularized in an earlier era of Blazer basketball, "Red Hot 'n Rollin'." Portland (43-26) is riding the wave of a 13-game win streak. The Blazers haven't been on such a tear since December 2007, when Nate McMillan was head coach and second-year pros Brandon Roy and LaMarcus Aldridge were the team leaders.
"Really, it's all about us," forward Ed Davis said. "If we play well, we're going to win. We're not really worried about the opponents right now."
The Blazers have won 18 of their last 19 games at Moda Center dating to before Christmas. They are in third place in the Western Conference, two games ahead of Oklahoma City (42-29).
"During this entire run, a lot of the things we've done have been about us," point guard Damian Lillard said. "We're communicating, being on a string defensively, locking into the scouting report, trusting each other on offense and making (opponents) have to work to stop us. Those are things we control. If we do those things well, we've been on the winning end a lot. If we do those things, which I think we will, no matter who we play, we should be able to win."
Coach Terry Stotts was asked if the pressure has mounted on their players through an overall win streak that began with a victory over Golden State on Feb. 14. Portland's last loss was 101-82 against Utah at home on Feb. 11, five weeks ago.
"Not in our situation, because of the standings and how close the race is," Stotts said. "If this were in November or December, and (the Blazers were on) a streak? Maybe. But the emphasis on winning games and maintaining our position in the standings is paramount. So it's not that big of a deal right now."
The Rockets (56-14) are on some kind of run, too, having won 22 of their last 23 games. James Harden is the leading candidate for the NBA's Most Valuable Player Award and backcourt mate Chris Paul is playing some of their best ball in recent years.
But coach Mike D'Antoni knows another key has been the defensive play of small forward P.J. Tucker, who has started the last 18 games.
"He's one of the best defenders I've ever seen," D'Antoni told the Houston Chronicle.
Asked if Tucker should make the NBA All-Defensive team, D'Antoni replied, "I don't know why they wouldn't. It doesn't get much better than him."
Tucker would just as soon win an NBA championship as make the All-Defensive team.
"It would be cool, but for years, when I was mentioned as a Defensive Player of the Year (candidate), they said, 'Are you making the playoffs?' " the 32-year-old journeyman said. "We never did. I want to win."
Another key piece is power forward Ryan Anderson, who has played the past two games after missing the previous eight with hip and groin injuries. Anderson scored 14 points in 17 minutes off the bench in Sunday's 129-120 win at Minnesota, sinking 4 of 5 from 3-point range.
"I just need to get my rhythm back," Anderson said. "There is no pain now. I'll get it pretty quick here."
The Bulgarian police seized hundreds of thousands of units of Bitcoin in May back when no one anticipated the value to surge by 600 percent.
In an anti-corruption purge back in May, Bulgarian authorities seized 213,519 Bitcoins, at the time worth $500 million. Now their value is a staggering $3.6 billion.
This amount is enough to pay off a fifth of the country's national debt of $16.5 billion.
© REUTERS/ Dado Ruvic/Illustration Bitcoin Futures Skyrocket as Cryptocurrency Hits First Major Exchange
Bulgarian law enforcement, together with the Southeast European Law Enforcement Center (SELEC), a regional organization comprised of 12 member states, worked together to bring down a sophisticated organized crime network in May.
The operation involved a large-scale hunt for more than 100 addresses, suspects and vehicles. Out of the 23 Bulgarian suspects arrested, five were customs officers.
Bulgarian authorities seized equipment, devices for communication, computers, tablets and bank documents. At the time the offenders said they chose Bitcoin as a way of investing and saving money because it is rather difficult to be tracked and followed.
The transactions can be made anonymously, making the currency popular with criminals.
Bitcoin has seen an exponential rise in value this year, from just below $1,000 at the beginning of the year to over $18,000 on December 7.
