By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
It's a risk-reward proposition for a first-place team.
Do the Lions activate defensive end Armonty Bryant for Sunday's clash with the Panthers? Bryant had three sacks in five games last season, and the Lions' pass rush could use more weapons.
Or do they keep them on the sideline until they prove they can stay out of trouble? Bryant just finished serving a four-game suspension for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy in the offseason, their third such suspension in the last two years.
They returned to practice this week, but Jim Caldwell hasn't given any indication as to whether the Lions will activate them for Sunday's game.
“We'll see,” Caldwell said on Friday. “We'll see what happens.”
The Lions claimed Bryant off waivers from the Browns last season, finding themselves in a similar situation to the one they're in now. They knew Bryant had baggage — dating back to college, when they were caught selling weed — but they also knew they had talent.
Shortly after they joined the Lions, they spoke with team higher-ups about getting their act together.
“Quite a bit,” they said. “That's my goal. Clean up my act a little bit. But that's just the past. I'm just here to help the team win.”
Bryant did that in limited action — Detroit went 4-1 in the five games in which they played — and the Lions brought them back on a show-me deal: $855,000 over one year, with just $40,000 guaranteed.
The team needed Bryant to prove, once and for all, that they could stay on the field. Their third drug-related suspension came down two months later.
Of the 16 games he's been a member of the Lions, Bryant has been suspended for eight. He's a force when he's out there, but can the team trust them with a spot on the 53-man roster?
“I can just tell you that there's always, I think, an opportunity to help make a difference in a guy's life. And certain guys you just have to sense that they've made a couple mistakes, but haven't we all?” Caldwell said. “I'm always one that believes in working with people and trying to get them to where we'd like them to be, and move from there. But every case is different.”
Bryant's case is different because a) he's good, and b) they fill a team need. He's 6'4, 245 pounds and as fast as they are strong. Caldwell said he's “getting back to their old self” based on what he's shown in practice this week.
“I'm talking about getting up to speed in terms of all the things that he's responsible for doing. Stopping the run, being an effective guy, taking care of their gap, rushing the passer, all those kinds of things. He's moving in that direction,” said Caldwell.
It's a tricky situation, and the question is this: Can Bryant channel their “old self” without, well, channeling their old self? Caldwell wouldn't say whether or not the Lions have considered a zero-tolerance policy for the troubled defensive end.
But if they Lions believe in Bryant's maturity, expect them to be on the field Sunday.
Jaguar has made it abundantly clear it won't be giving the XE sports sedan the SVR treatment, but this tuner has taken matters into its own hands by working on an amped-up XE S. The German aftermarket specialists at Arden are coming out with a comprehensive package focusing primarily on the supercharged 3.0-liter V6 engine.
When it leaves the gates of the two factories in the United Kingdom where it's produced, the stylish sedan with its six-cylinder mill develops a healthy 380 horsepower and 332 pound-feet (450 Newton-meters) of torque. That wasn't enough in Arden's vision, prompting the tuner to kick things up a notch by massaging the V6 to churn an extra 83 hp and 98 lb-ft (133 Nm) for a grand total of 463 hp and 430 lb-ft (583 Nm).
While performance numbers haven't been disclosed by Arden, it goes without saying the upgraded XE S is both quicker and faster than the standard model. As a refresher, the stock version needs 4.9 seconds to perform the 0-60 mph (0-96 kph) task and it will continue to accelerate until it hits 155 mph (250 kph).
Besides tinkering with the supercharged V6 powerhouse, Arden also spent some time customizing the exterior to make it worthy of the extra muscle coming from the engine. From the dual-vented hood and large rear wing to the 20-inch wheels and the sporty diffuser, this modified Jaguar seems fast even when standing still. Aside from looking sportier, the performance sedan is also sleeker than before as some of the changes focused on boosting the car's aerodynamic efficiency by improving the airflow.
Rounding off the list of niceties are the embroidered floor mats and fancy leather upholstery, but images with the interior have not been provided by Arden so we're going to have to take their word for it.
Source: Arden
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The super bowl is nearly here, but it seems the NFL is taking a big hit to its core audience. These days, it seems like a lot of people aren`t watching as much as they used to.
That doesn`t mean people won't be watching in big crowds this Sunday. In fact, nearly 14 million people will be watching so hard on Super Bowl Sunday that they`ll be celebrating #SuperSickMonday as well.
A survey by Mucinex says millions of people will likely call in sick on Monday. However, it`s not clear if all of those people are actually sick or just hungover.
Healthy or not, you can bet those people know at least a little about football.
That's something you can`t say about a group of jeopardy contestants who competed Thursday. Not one of the contestants even attempted to hit their buzzer for any of the clues from the "talking football category".
It's safe to say those three, at least, will show up for work on Monday; a coin flip for everyone else.
MONROE (WWJ) – A 32-year-old Monroe County man is behind bars charged with first degree child abuse as their alleged victim remains in an intensive care unit.
According to Monroe County Sheriff Dale Malone, deputies on Saturday were dispatched to a home in the 3000 block of Lewis
Avenue in Ida Township on a report of a 9-month-old child with difficulty breathing.
The girl was taken by EMS to ProMedica Toledo Hospital where they were admitted to the pediatric ICU with what were described as “life-threatening injuries.” Doctors evaluated the child and determined that their injuries were consistent with child abuse, Malone said.
Following an investigation, Justin Charles Davis of Ida was arrested. According to the sheriff's office, Davis is not related to the victim but was watching them at the time of the abuse.
Davis was arraigned in 1st District Court Monday at which time bond was set at $500,000 cash or surety. The child's name has not been released.
As an investigation continues, anyone with information about this case is asked to call Det. Mike Preadmore at 734-240-7719.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The recession in the Russian economy is over, and the country has entered a period of growth, Russian President Vladimir Putin said at their annual "Direct Line" session.
"Is the economic crisis over? I really want to answer positively, of course, I really want to send a positive message to society, and at the same time, you always think, what if suddenly something would happen, a malfunction would happen somewhere. But we must, of course, proceed while drawing conclusions of this kind, on objective data, and what objective data says. It says that the recession in the Russian economy has been overcome," Putin said.
"And we moved on to a period of growth," the president added.
Russia's economic structure and low labor productivity remain unresolved issues of the Russian economy, Putin said.
"We have unresolved problems in the economy, and they first of all affect the income of people. What are these problems? The structure of the economy, which does not satisfy us, and in this regard we can talk about low labor productivity. If we do not increase it, then there will be no new jobs, and then the revenues will not increase. This is the key issue," Putin said.
Russia has been hit by a downturn that began in early 2015 after falling oil prices and Western anti-Russia sanctions took bite. The country's GDP fell 3.7 percent in 2015, according to the Russian Federal Statistics Service Rosstat.
On April 18, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said in its World Economic Outlook report that Russian economic growth is expected to pick up in 2017 — 2018 and will reach 1.4 percent for both years.
"The real income of citizens has declined over recent years. And what it is especially alarming is that the number of people below the poverty line, whose income is lower than the minimum wage, has also grown," Putin said.
The Russian leader recalled that the worst situation in terms of poverty was seen in the 1990s, when almost third of Russians, or about 40 million of people, were below the poverty line, while the best figure was registered in 2012, when only 10.7 percent of the population was below the poverty line.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
Qualcomm on Tuesday announced the launch of a new chip explicitly designed for standalone augmented reality and virtual reality devices: the Snapdragon XR1. The chipmaking giant debuted the tech ahead of this week's Augmented World Expo in Santa Clara, California.
The company is staying tight-lipped on technical details about the new SoC for the time being. Qualcomm says the SoC will use a Kryo CPU and Adreno GPU, as Qualcomm chips typically do, but exactly how those and the rest of the XR1's building blocks will be configured isn't yet clear.
Further Reading Oculus Go review: The wireless-VR future begins today for only $199 That said, Qualcomm is slotting the XR1 below its existing Snapdragon 845—the chip powering most of the year's highest-end smartphones—in terms of memory bandwidth and GPU power. It is primarily aiming XR1 devices at “lean back” experiences like 360-degree video viewing, at least to start.
Even still, the company says the XR1 can output video up to 4K resolution at 60 frames per second, that it'll keep motion-to-photon latency “well below” 20 milliseconds (so as to prevent nausea and motion sickness), and that it can handle both 3DoF and 6DoF tracking for headsets and accompanying controllers if needed. (Devices with the latter allow users to replicate a fuller range of movement in a virtual space.) Qualcomm is talking up the chip's power management and 3D-audio abilities and its support for always-on voice assistance as well.
Most of Qualcomm's announcement is marketing fluff, but it does highlight the company's belief that there's plenty of growth left in AR and VR. Thus far, the hype surrounding the tech hasn't translated to widespread consumer adoption. But standalone headsets like the Oculus Go suggest the tech is maturing and that the cost of a halfway decent VR experience is gradually coming down. (Mainstream adoption of AR, meanwhile, has mostly been confined to barebones uses like Snapchat filters and Pokémon Go.)
The Oculus Go, like many other standalone headsets, already relies on a Qualcomm chip (the Snapdragon 821). But the XR1 appears to be Qualcomm's way of giving manufacturers a go-to chip for AR and VR devices, one that (hopefully) provides enough power to produce quality AR/VR—but only that. That, ideally, will help keep costs down and create a little more order in a market that has been a bit muddled.
Qualcomm says that HTC Vive is already working with the XR1, as are less-prominent headset makers Vuzix, Meta, and Pico. Qualcomm expects the first XR1-using devices to arrive at the end of this year or in early 2019.
New Haven, Conn. - Astronomers are beginning to understand what happens when black holes get the urge to roam the Milky Way.
Typically, a supermassive black hole (SMBH) exists at the core of a massive galaxy. But sometimes SMBHs may "wander" throughout their host galaxy, remaining far from the center in regions such as the stellar halo, a nearly spherical area of stars and gas that surrounds the main section of the galaxy.
Astronomers theorize that this phenomenon often occurs as a result of mergers between galaxies in an expanding universe. A smaller galaxy will join with a larger, main galaxy, depositing its own, central SMBH onto a wide orbit within the new host.
In a new study published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters, researchers from Yale, the University of Washington, Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris, and University College London predict that galaxies with a mass similar to the Milky Way should host several supermassive black holes. The team used a new, state-of-the-art cosmological simulation, Romulus, to predict the dynamics of SMBHs within galaxies with better accuracy than previous simulation programs.
"It is extremely unlikely that any wandering supermassive black hole will come close enough to our Sun to have any impact on our solar system," said lead author Michael Tremmel, a postdoctoral fellow at the Yale Center for Astronomy and Astrophysics. "We estimate that a close approach of one of these wanderers that is able to affect our solar system should occur every 100 billion years or so, or nearly 10 times the age of the universe."
Tremmel said that since wandering SMBHs are predicted to exist far from the centers of galaxies and outside of galactic disks, they are unlikely to accrete more gas -- making them effectively invisible. "We are currently working to better quantify how we might be able to infer their presence indirectly," Tremmel said.
###
Co-authors of the study are Fabio Governato, Marta Volonteri, Andrew Pontzen, and Thomas Quinn.
The study is part of the Blue Waters computing project supported by the National Science Foundation and the University of Illinois.
Lidl Ladies National Football League 2018 – Round 2
Saturday 3rd February
Lidl Ladies NFL Division 2 – Round 2
Cavan (H) v Armagh, 2.30pm, Templeport, (J Gallagher, Dublin)
Cavan have home advantage this weekend, after defeating Laois away on their travels in their opening fixture. Aisling Doonan and Bronagh Sheridan were in excellent attacking form for the Breffni girls last weekend, as Armagh suffered a promotion setback with a home defeat against 2017 TG4 All-Ireland intermediate champions Tipperary. In this Ulster derby, the points on offer for both counties are crucial. Cavan can consolidate their position at the head of affairs with a victory, while Armagh will be anxious to get off the mark.
Waterford (H) v Clare, 3.00pm, Waterford IT, (B Redmond)
A big game for both counties as Waterford look to bounce back from last weekend's defeat to Tyrone. That was a fixture that ebbed and flowed, before Tyrone showed the wherewithal to claim maximum points. Clare battled to a hard-fought one-point victory over Sligo, to get James Murrihy's spell at the helm off to a bright start. A Munster derby should ensure a competitive edge to proceedings and the winners will take a big step towards a coveted top-four finish.
Tipperary (H) v Laois, 2.00pm, Ardfinnan, (J Murphy, Carlow)
Tipperary, Division 3 champions last year, hit the ground running in the second tier with a noteworthy victory in Armagh last weekend. Orla O'Dwyer scored both goals for the Premier County and the visit of Laois to Ardfinnan gives local fans the chance to see Shane Ronayne's TG4 All-Ireland intermediate champions in action for the first time on home soil in 2018. Laois will look to provide stern opposition and are hoping to improve on last weekend's showing against Cavan. Laois opened brightly in that game but Cavan ran out comfortable winners.
Lidl Ladies NFL Division 3 – Round 2
Offaly (H) v Kildare, 2.00pm, Edenderry, (S Curley)
Offaly suffered a heavy defeat on their visit to Roscommon last weekend but will hope for better fortune on home soil this weekend. This is Kildare's first outing of the 2018 campaign and having suffered relegation from Division 2 last year, they'll be anxious to get the new campaign off to a bright start.
Meath (H) v Longford, 2.00pm, Dunganny Centre of Excellence (3G), (G Corrigan)
Meath marked themselves out as real contenders for promotion from Division 3 with a hugely impressive display at home to Down on the opening day. The Royals racked up 4-13 against Down, as Vikki Wall and Stacey Grimes combined for 3-8. Longford were defeated by Wexford, another fancied team for promotion, but showed enough to suggest that they can be competitive in this division.
Wexford (H) v Leitrim – Conceded by Leitrim
Lidl Ladies NFL Division 4 – Round 2
Limerick (H) v Antrim, 3.00pm, Athea, (J Devlin, Galway)
Antrim secured a 3-10 to 2-9 victory over last year's TG4 All-Ireland junior champions Fermanagh in last weekend's opening round fixture. Antrim were beaten Division 4 finalists two years ago and could be a team to watch in this campaign. John Ryan's tenure as Limerick manager began with a 1-4 apiece draw against Carlow and they'll look to make home advantage count here.
Sunday 4th February
Lidl Ladies NFL Division 1 – Round 2
Westmeath (H) v Dublin, 12.30pm, St Lomans, Mullingar, (N McCormack, Laois)
Dublin got their 2018 season off to a winning start in Donegal last Sunday and face another away game this weekend. Westmeath is the hosts and while they lost out to Mayo on their travels last weekend, it was an encouraging performance from the Lake County. Dublin boss Mick Bohan looks set to run the rule over their squad again, with a sprinkling of established stars providing the experienced and cool heads. Dublin and Westmeath know plenty about each other from recent Leinster final meetings. Dublin won last year's provincial final by 3-18 to 0-8 and Westmeath will be anxious to close the gap.
Kerry (H) v Mayo, 2.00pm, Brosna, (K Delahunty, Tipperary)
Kerry struggled against Cork in Knocknagoshel last Sunday but a home fixture in Brosna against visiting Mayo gives them a shot at redemption. The Kelly sisters, Grace and Niamh, collected 0-7 between them against Westmeath last Sunday and they'll be hoping for another big showing. Mayo manager Peter Leahy is working to provide some fresh impetus in their side with Cora Staunton absent for the early stages of the League campaign, at the very least, while Martha Carter and Yvonne Byrne are considering their options.
Cork (H) v Monaghan, 2.00pm, Mallow, (E Moran, Kerry)
Cork will have a big say in this year's League campaign, if the evidence from last Sunday's comprehensive victory over Kerry is anything to go by. The visit of Monaghan renews a rivalry that saw the counties meet in the 2012 Division 1 final, as well as All-Ireland deciders in 2008, 2011 and 2013. Both counties have moved on considerably since then, with transition very much the name of the game. With home advantage, Cork will fancy their chances, as Monaghan look to bounce back from defeat to Galway.
Donegal (H) v Galway, 2.00pm, Glenfin, (G Chapman, Sligo)
Donegal will be hoping for more a goal threat against Galway in Glenfin. They scored 0-7 against Dublin last weekend but green flags proved the difference for the visiting Jackies. Galway is a really interesting project this year under Stephen Glennon and they backed up their status as potential dark horses in all competitions by putting 4-9 past Monaghan in their opening League fixture. Tracey Leonard showed some excellent early-season form with 1-4 last time out and the Galway sharpshooter is a player Donegal must keep a close eye on.
Lidl Ladies NFL Division 2 – Round 2
Sligo (H) v Tyrone, 2.00pm, Connelly Park, Collooney, (D Callaghan, Donegal)
Tyrone were impressive when defeating Waterford in their opening fixture, with Maria Canavan, Chloe McCaffrey, Grainne Rafferty and Niamh Hughes all scoring goals. Tyrone were beaten TG4 All-Ireland intermediate finalists last year and while they'll look to go one better in 2018, they'd also love a genuine promotion push. Sligo were narrowly beaten by Clare in round 1 and they have home advantage to call upon here.
Lidl Ladies NFL Division 3 – Round 2
Down (H) v Roscommon, 1.00pm, Downpatrick, (P Burke, Louth)
Wounded Down will look to pick themselves up off the floor when they welcome Roscommon to Downpatrick. But after losing heavily to Meath, it doesn't appear to get much easier for them, on paper at least, when Roscommon roll into town. The Rossies racked up 5-18 against Offaly last weekend.
Lidl Ladies NFL Division 4 – Round 2
Louth (H) v Carlow, 2.00pm, Darver (3G) Centre of Excellence, (K Phelan, Laois)
Louth were rampant against Kilkenny in their opening League fixture of 2018, putting 7-24 past the Cats. They'll get a much stiffer test against last year's All-Ireland junior semi-finalists Carlow in Darver but the hosts will target another victory.
Derry (H) v Fermanagh, 2.00pm, Glen Watty Graham's, Maghera, (S McLaughlin, Donegal)
A repeat of last year's All-Ireland junior decider should ensure for another close encounter. Fermanagh lifted silverware after a replay in Clones but were put to their pin of their collar by Derry, who have home advantage for this League meeting. Both counties will be looking to get off the mark after round 1 defeats.
Wicklow (H) v Kilkenny, 2.00pm, Roundwood, (D McEnery, Westmeath)
This could be another tough afternoon for Kilkenny, who travel to an in-form Wicklow. The Garden County girls scored 2-20 at home to Derry last weekend, as Kilkenny suffered a big loss to Louth.
The Fourth of July, Independence Day, is a good time not only for hot dogs and fireworks, but to reflect for a moment on what makes this country unique, the qualities that enabled it to become in some ways the most successful country in history, and to contemplate the extent to which those qualities still animate Americans.
It has been said that the United States is the only country founded on an idea, or a set of ideas, rather than on ethnic or racial similarities, kinship, conquest or the simple fact of a relatively homogeneous group of people living in the same geographic region for centuries. Those ideas are summed up in the Declaration of Independence, the document whose signing and promulgation we celebrate. In some ways it can lay claim to being the most revolutionary public document in human history.
Aspects of the idea that people are not just vassals of the powers that be, interchangeable cogs in the great machinery of society presided over by leaders who had by and large established themselves through conquest and pillage, had been growing for centuries before 1776. But the circumstances surrounding the decision of the colonists to separate from Great Britain offered the opportunity to summarize emerging principles in a uniquely eloquent manner.
“We hold these truths to be self-evident,” the Declaration proclaims, “that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.” By “created equal,” of course, the founders were not so naïve as to believe that we were all equally tall, intelligent, beautiful or worthy, but that we have equal value in the sight of God or Natural Law and should receive equal treatment rather than preferences or punishment based on our status from government. Every human being has a certain inherent dignity, and decent people respect that.
It has become fashionable to talk of certain privileges or amenities bestowed by government as “rights,” but the Declaration is clear that people are “endowed by their Creator,” with certain rights, and that these rights exist prior to and take precedence over any claims by government. This was and still is truly revolutionary. The rights discussed — life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness — are genuine rights in that they can be exercised without impinging on the equal rights of other human beings.
So what is government's job in a system that recognizes unalienable rights? Simply “to secure these rights.” This implies a government of limited powers, for a government of unlimited powers will surely become a threat to rather than a securer of personal rights.
Our government has grown in scope, power and ambition far beyond the imaginings of those who put their lives on the line (and, in some cases, lost them) by signing the Declaration of Independence. Yet the spirit of independence, the healthy distrust of overweening government power, remains a stubborn American characteristic. Long may it thrive.
This editorial was written for July 4, 2009.
Photo: AFP
The Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of western and southwest France is home to the most Brits of all France's regions. Here's a breakdown of how they have made the region, or at least part of it, their home.
Nouvelle-Aquitaine was recently formed when the government redrew the administrative map of France, bringing together the old regions of Aquitaine, Poitou-Charentes and Limousin.
The super-region stretches from the Spanish border in the southwest up the Atlantic coast to La Rochelle and deep into central France to take in the departments of Correze and Creuse.
It includes departments,that have long been associated with migrating British citizens, such as Dordogne (Dordogneshire to many), and Charente.
The Numbers:
There are some 39,000 British citizens living in the giant Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, a new report from French statistics agency INSEE reveals.
That represents 0.7 percent of the region's overall population and means that after the Portuguese, Brits represent the second biggest community of foreigners.
Those 39,000 represent 26 percent of the 150,000 Brits officially registered as living in France. That makes Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region of France that is home to the most Brits.
In second place is neighbouring Occitanie, which is home to 25,500 Brits, and in third place is the greater Paris region of Ile-de-France where 19,500 Brits have set up home.
Where exactly do they live?
As the map below shows, the Brits are not really that impressed by France's Atlantic coast, with most settling inland, preferring the rural areas far from the sea.
INSEE notes that most live in villages and towns on the borders of the departments Dordogne, Charente, Lot-et-Garonne, and Haute-Vienne.
READ ALSO:
The departments of Landes and Gironde are largely avoided, apart from the large number who live in and around Bordeaux.
The coastal department of Charente-Maritime further north appears to be more attractive, although again it is more the inland areas that have attracted British expats.
Their choice of location may be as much to do with the desire to live in peaceful rural France as with house prices which tend to be cheaper the further from the coast you go.
In some villages that have seen an exodus of locals, Brits make up more than 15 percent of the population. These can be seen in the dark red spots on the map above.
READ ALSO: Seven myths about British expats living in France
Who are they and what do they do?
The average age of Brits in Nouvelle-Aquitaine is 52 and over half of the British population are over 58 years old. The 39,000 citizens are split into 21,300 households. Three-quarters of those households are uniquely British, suggesting couples and families have left the UK together for an adventure in France.
Around 90 percent of those households own their property.
Some 70 percent of the British living in the region are classed by INSEE as “inactif”, meaning retired rather than sitting in the garden doing nothing at all. Although that may indeed be the case for some.
Here's a breakdown of what they do in further detail: 26 percent are actively working, 3.8 percent are registered as unemployed, 47.6 percent retired, 4.7 percent are students or pupils, 8.7 percent are under 14, 5.1 percent are housewives/husbands, and the last 3.8 percent are “inactive other”.
Among the Brits employed, some 37 percent run their own business.
The retired
The retired British population of Nouvelle-Aquitaine is the biggest of any French region, ahead of Brittany and then Normandy. That's in contrast to the northern France region of Hauts-de-France, where almost half of the British population are actively working.
In France as a whole, the number of Brits actively working slightly outnumbers the number of retired.
When did they all come?
According to INSEE, in 1968 there were only 840 Brits registered as living in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, which back then was actually three regions - Aquitaine, Poitou-Charentes and Limousin. (Were you one of them?).
So the population has multiplied by 50.
But it wasn't until 1999 that number of Brits in the region really started to rise, indeed faster than the rate of the locals. That growth began to slow down in 2008, when the global financial crisis hit.
ALTHOUGH there are rumours that ABBA are considering getting together again for some form of official performance, the last time they played before a paying audience was some 35 years ago.
For those who love their music, there is a chance to enjoy a live version of all of the bands songs as the delightful duo of girl singers Voulez Vous will be appearing at Alberts Bar & Grill in Cabopino on the evening of Tuesday January 3.
Reservations are absolutely necessary although it won't cost you much Money, Money, Money to become a Dancing Queen or Super Trooper whilst enjoying a fabulous meal and the great tribute to one of the world's most successful acts.
For more details or to book call 952 836 886 or visit www.alberts-cabopino.com.
by George Looby, DVM
In recent years, ticks have become increasingly common. As a human health issue, they first came on the scene when the causative agent of Lyme Disease was first identified in 1975. The tick that carries the organism that causes Lyme Disease was given the name Ixodes scapularis commonly known as the black-legged tick. This tick has the ability to carry Lyme Disease and several others including Granulocytic anaplasmosis, Babesiosis and Borellia miyamotoi, commonly at the same time.
Much has been written about tick prevention and control and recently a new one has appeared on the scene. It is well known that tick's preferred habitat is low lying shrubbery at the edges of fields and lawns. In some areas, a low growing invasive shrub named the Japanese barberry has taken over, crowding out native plants. This plant was imported into the Eastern U.S. in the late 1880's as a replacement for the common barberry in landscape plantings. As with many other invasive plants it escaped from cultivation and now grows wild throughout the region. Its dense thickets prevent native trees and wildflowers from regenerating and also creates a humid environment under which ticks thrive. A Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station research team found that managing barberry can effectively manage tick numbers for up to five years.
Control of the Japanese barberry is neither easy nor quick. It is a tenacious plant that seems to be able to withstand a great deal of physical abuse. The best way is to dig up the plants and dispose of them in an area where they will not take root again. Hand work is slow and expensive unless the landowner is doing the work himself. Chemical sprays are effective especially in terrain where the use of machinery is difficult or impossible. Flame throwers are effective in the right hands with repeat treatments often necessary. Bush hogs and similar equipment can keep the growth down but it rarely completely kills the bush.
Recently found in Southern New England is the lone star tick. It has long been found in Texas where it is a carrier of the various organisms that cause animal and human diseases such as ehrlichiosis, southern tick-associated rash illness (STARI) and spotted fever, among others. The females are prolific egg producers with an annual average of 3,000 eggs per female. This tick has successfully overwintered in Connecticut and its northward migration is thought to be due at least in part to the increasingly warm winters. Control of the deer population is critical in the control of ticks and this is often difficult to accomplish in heavily populated areas such as Fairfield County in Connecticut. In areas such as that they seem to be almost as common a backyard pest as squirrels.
A finding that is tick related is the so-called red meat allergy. When a tick feeds on a non-human source such as white tailed deer it may pick up a particular type of carbohydrate called alpha gel, which humans and other primates do not possess. This material once in the system sets the stage. When that person eats red meat from almost any source there is a chance that the individual will develop an allergic reaction.
The University of Missouri, College of Veterinary Medicine has recently received a grant of $460,000 to study the tick-borne disease Anaplasmosis. The approach being used by Dr. Bill Stich and their associates is to try and develop a new means of controlling this disease in cattle. The Stich team will attempt to develop a vaccine using extracts from tick tissue to protect cattle against the disease. For many years, a variety of methods have been used to attempt to control ticks ranging from dips, sprays, and pour–ons with disappointing results. Caught in the early stages, the disease is responsive to antibiotics but it is an expensive and time consuming method of treatment. The use of antibiotics in food producing animals has been greatly restricted making the use of antibiotics even in sick animals somewhat less common than previously. The bacteria that most often causes the disease in the U.S. is called Anaplasma marginale. It is estimated that 80 percent of beef cattle in the U.S. are infested with ticks, making it readily apparent that a more effective means of controlling the disease is in order. This level of infestation makes the likelihood that a good percentage of those infested will also be infected with Anaplamosis.
The goal of the research will be to attack the germs before they can be transmitted to cattle. The strategy will be to use the immune response of the cattle to interfere with tick molecules that are required for the survival of the disease-causing bacteria in the ticks. To do this the team is targeting the two main parts of the tick where tick transmitted germs are most often found, namely the gut and the salivary glands. Understanding how disease causing organisms are maintained in the ticks that transmit them is the key. The team will examine just how tick molecules are involved in the development of bacteria and how immunization can be created to target the tick molecule.
As the season changes from fall to winter it is not a time to become complacent about tick control. The black-legged tick can remain active throughout the winter months especially on days when the temperature is in the 50-degree range. All of the well circulated means of tick control should be observed: Thorough examination of the body when undressing; using clothing that can be tucked in; staying away from areas which ticks prefer; and using repellents designed for such use.
Ticks that are removed should be submitted to one of two laboratories in the State of Connecticut for analysis to determine if it is carrying one of the known disease causing organisms:
Connecticut Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Laboratory, 61 North Eagleville Rd., Storrs, CT 06269 or call 860-486-3738
The Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station, Tick Testing Laboratory, Slate Laboratory, Room #303, 123 Huntington St., Box 1106, New Haven, CT 06504
Google has rolled out Chrome 67 to its stable channel for all major platforms, including Linux.Chrome 67 has improvements to its site isolation feature, adds a "formdata" event so any objects can provide form data as an alternative to hidden input types, BigInt provides support for arbitrary-precision integers in JavaScript, support for customized built-in elements, new motion sensors APIs based upon the Generic Sensor API, the WebXR Device API is new for furthering AR/VR support in the browser, and a range of other improvements.The big improvements to Chrome 67 can be found via ChromeStatus.com There is also the release announcement about the continued site isolation trial and the number of security fixes that wound up in this web browser update too.Meanwhile on target for Chrome 68 is support for picture-in-picture by creating a floating video window that is displayed on top of other windows, the Payment Handler API, a Keyboard Lock API, web audio enhancements, and more.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Department of Defense confirmed Friday that one of three US Army Special Forces Green Berets killed earlier this week in Niger is from Western Washington.
The men were killed Oct. 4 when their group took enemy fire while on patrol in the African nation.
All soldiers were assigned to 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, North Carolina:
Staff Sgt. Bryan C. Black, 35, of Puyallup, Washington
Staff Sgt. Jeremiah W. Johnson, 39, of Springboro, Ohio
Staff Sgt. Dustin M. Wright, 29, of Lyons, Georgia
The Defense Department is still investigating the incident -- and we're working to learn more about those Green Berets.
US President Donald Trump commented on the Republican memo, on the role of the FBI and the Justice Department in the investigation into Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 US presidential election.
"This memo totally vindicates "Trump" in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. There was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!" the president stated.
The document, released on February 2, in addition to the data on Trump, mentions violations related to the wiretapping of former Trump adviser Carter Page.
READ MORE: Russia Probe Memo Released After President Trump Declassified It — Reports
The memo notes that the FISA surveillance applications relied on a dossier compiled by former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton campaign.
The memo, in particular, accuses the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and Justice Department of political bias against President Donald Trump in their probe into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. As the memo specifies, FBI and DOJ staff abused surveillance laws in the investigation of the Trump campaign.
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 3 февраля 2018 г.
The memorandum was released despite that on January 31, the FBI publicly called into question the credibility of the document and warned against its publication.
Nonetheless, the White House announced on February 3 that the Department of Justice would not be charged after the release of the document.
READ MORE: DOJ to Face 'No Changes' After Republican Memo on Political Bias — White House
According to previous CNN reports, the FBI claimed that in the summer of 2016, "employees of Russian special services" tried to use Trump's advisers to "infiltrate" their election campaign. According to a source to the television channel, the Russian side in particular allegedly tried to infiltrate Trump's campaign through their former adviser Page.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
The Associated Student Senate met Friday and discussed the possibility of screening the movie “Get Out” on campus.
“Get Out”, a film written and directed by comedian Jordan Peele, came out last year and recently received four Oscar nominations including Best Picture at the 90th Academy Awards. The horror-esque film puts a spotlight on racism in America and has received a plethora of positive reviews, such as its 99% approval rating as of Feb. 2 on Rotten Tomatoes, a ratings website which is infamous for its highly critical reviews.
“I want to plan this a month to a month and a half out,” said Senate President Joshua Villanueva. “So that's gonna be the goal.”
Joshua Oken, vice president of internal affairs, suggested that the senate move this topic to next week's meeting due to the commissioner of events, Newara Brosnan-Faltas, not being present. However, Student Advocate Krystle Farmer opposed the motion to postpone the topic. They suggested trying to screen the movie during February to coincide with Black History Month.
Villanueva responded that there was a conflict with another documentary being shown during that time, but admitted that they were open to suggestions.
Farmer acknowledged it would take a lot of work, but said that it could be done.
The cost of screening the movie was another topic discussed by the senate. The event will cost about $700 to produce, $480 of which is due to the cost of the license/performance rights of the movie.
Amy Collins, an advisor to the senate, explained that movies can only be shown in a very limited capacity without the rights to the film.
“The only location where a movie can be shown without obtaining the public performance rights to the film is in a classroom and for the registered students only as part of the day instructional materials for the class,” Collins said.
Student Trustee David Panbehchi moved to approve if one of two contingencies could be met: either it can be used for educational purposes, or it can come out of SRF.
According to Collins, all other showings need to obtain the appropriate rights to show the movie, including all clubs, organizations, and any other program that may want to show a movie. This led to Panbehchi rescinding their motion.
“It's pretty much the question of if it came down to it, would you be willing to spend $700 on it?” Villanueva asked.
“If we do approve that much then I think that we shouldn't rush it,” Farmer said. “We don't need to do it in Black History Month.”
“The whole point is to open up people's eyes,” Villanueva said.
Nicholas Currie moved to approve the showing of Get Out for $700 and the motion passed unanimously.
“Trust me,” Villanueva said. “It's gonna be worth it for the students.”
A cool start with temperatures dropping into the upper 30s this morning. Fair skies and light winds to start the day.
Mostly sunny this afternoon and much warmer than average with temperatures reaching the lower to mid 70s. A cold front arrives overnight tonight but no rain and not much cloud cover with this front.
It will cool us down, though. Breezy at times tomorrow with high temperatures back in the mid 50s.
Mostly sunny to partly cloudy for the middle of the week with afternoon temperatures warming back into the lower to mid 60s. Another cold front arrives late Thursday.
Still no rain chances, but another slight cool down to keep our temperatures near normal, or average, for this time of year.
The weekend ahead looks mild with temperatures in the mid to upper 60s and another cold front late Sunday with a slight chance for rain.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
A 24-year-old Ottawa man was arrested and charged with impaired driving a day after Boxing Day, according to the Ontario Provincial Police.
Steve Von Deschwanden was stopped by police after they were allegedly seen speeding on John Street in the township of Madawaska Valley, west of Ottawa, on Dec. 27 around 12:10 a.m.
The young man was released on a promise to appear in a Killaloe court.
Their vehicle was towed and their licence was suspended.
For the past nine years, it has been my great pleasure to work alongside of some of the greatest individuals that call Annapolis home.
I am referring to Mayor Ellen Moyer, Mayor Josh Cohen, and Mayor Michael Pantelides. They all had to make tough financial decisions; they worked to protect the environment while addressing transportation, parking, development, the Market House and public safety issues. These three offered the city all they could give, and expected very little in return.
While you see the initiatives, legislation, budgets, and programs, you don't get to see the real passion and the intense thought process that went into each of the decisions made, always mindful of the impact it would have on Annapolis residents, businesses, and visitors. I have great respect for them as leaders, and great empathy for the demands that were made on them personally.
I also want to thank the men and women of our City Council over the years who put the needs of their constituents before their own.
I was so fortunate to be able to work with so many talented individuals that made me a better person. Some of those great people worked for the United States Naval Academy, Visit Annapolis, Anne Arundel County Government, the County School System, HACA, our County Delegation, some were my colleagues in the city, and still others were members of the numerous organizations and groups that I worked with throughout the years. I also am grateful for our City Manager and the various Department Directors that worked closely with me to help represent the city during snow storms, hurricanes, public safety and City sponsored events.
As a deadline driven person, I will miss the media. I am grateful to all of the Baltimore and DC press, television, and radio stations that have covered our events. Thank you to Eye on Annapolis, Bay Weekly, Conexiones Annapolis Bilingual Magazine, Patch, The Capital Gazette and WNAV radio for your attention to Annapolis news.
Thank you all for this opportunity to look back on nine amazing years. Now it's time to look forward to this new administration, which is full of excitement and enthusiasm. I know Mayor Buckley and the new City Council will accomplish great things in the next four years.
It is with a great deal of appreciation and a heart full of memories that I bid you farewell and thank you for allowing me to be share this amazing journey with all of you.
–Rhonda Wardlaw
Editor's note: Wardlaw will be assuming the role of Director of Communications with the Maryland Higher Education Commission after they leave the City in January. Susan O'Brien has taken over as Chief Communications Officer for the City of Annapolis. And a note back to Wardlaw from Eye On Annapolis–thank you for your accessibility, fairness, and friendship over the same past nine years. Best of luck at MHEC.
Related
Category: OPINION, Post To FB
It's one of the oldest, weather-worn clichés: that people who wear glasses are somehow smarter than those who don't. It's ridiculous, unfounded, and – it turns out – actually true.
The largest study to date investigating the genetic underpinnings of intelligence suggests there is in fact a link between wearing glasses (or contact lenses) and cognitive function, with intelligent people almost 30 percent more likely to be glasses wearers.
"This study, the largest genetic study of cognitive function, has identified many genetic differences that contribute to the heritability of thinking skills," says genetic statistician Gail Davies from the University of Edinburgh in the UK.
"The discovery of shared genetic effects on health outcomes and brain structure provides a foundation for exploring the mechanisms by which these differences influence thinking skills throughout a lifetime."
While old stereotypes about glasses wearers being smarter are based upon the unsupported assumption that geeky types require optical assistance after straining their eyes through excessive reading (and hence learning), the new data suggests there isn't such a simple case of cause and effect.
Davies and their team combed through the genetic information of over 300,000 individuals compiled from existing genomic databases, in which participants submitted samples for DNA analysis, answered questionnaires, and underwent tests designed to give a measure of their general cognitive ability.
When they analysed the genetic data, the researchers discovered 148 genome-wide regions associated with general cognitive function, including 58 genomic sites that hadn't previously been linked with intelligence.
They also found 42 genome-wide loci linked to reaction time, 40 of which are new to science.
In the study, the participants from the three existing cohorts were all of European ancestry and aged between 16 and 102, and among this group, those who exhibited higher intelligence were 28 percent more likely to need glasses or contact lenses and 32 percent more likely to be shortsighted.
A number of other health factors also turned up in the data. In addition to being more likely to wear glasses, intelligent people were significantly less likely to experience hypertension, heart attack, angina, lung cancer or osteoarthritis.
They were also 30 percent less likely to experience a major depressive disorder, and 17 percent more likely to live longer.
One of the limitations of the research is all the data come from individuals with European ancestry, meaning we can't extrapolate the insights to people from other genetic backgrounds.
But the staggering size of the congregated cohort means there's a wealth of information for scientists to learn from here, as these genome-wide analyses become ever greater in scope, giving us a better chance to truly understand what it is that makes people smart.
"Less than a decade ago we were searching for genes related to intelligence with about 3,000 participants, and we found almost nothing," says one of the researchers, cognitive epidemiologist Ian Deary.
"Now with 100 times that number of participants, and with more than 200 scientists working together, we have discovered almost 150 genetic regions that are related to how clever people are."
The findings are reported in Nature Communications.
My wife is master gardener. I'm glad she's a master of the garden variety instead of, for example, a master sergeant in the Army, but there are disadvantages to their hobby. My primary concern is that as of the date of this column, we have 10,187 plants in the house. I've never been a math whiz, but my calculations reveal that this flora density works out to about seven vegetypes per square foot.
I've urgently expressed my apprehension to the wife about being so badly outnumbered, but they ignore me. I seem to recall watching a black-and-white movie in the mid-1950s called The Day They Took Over starring Jerold Shuranski. It was a terrifying account of a husband and wife who perished at the hands, err, petals of their legions of house plants. The only thing left of the wife was an apron and a few hair pins from their bun on the kitchen floor. The usher in the movie house was so frightened they ran screaming into the street where they were struck by a two-tone 1955 four-door DeSoto.
Our front porch looks like a triple-canopy jungle with lots of shapes and colors. That's fine, but I swear, those little potted fiends are slowly edging closer to the front door. That can't be a good sign. There's a leafy conspiracy brewing within inches of our welcome mat, I tell you.
My stress was not lowered as I read about something called Sarracenia, a North American Pitcher plant. This professional killer lures its victims with color, smell and a nectar laced with a narcotic-type drug. Anyone wandering within striking distance is digested on the spot.
Another gang member goes by the unlikely name of Monkey Cups. There are 130 species of this carnivorous critter so they can be anywhere and everywhere at the same time, even in the shadows of some poor shlub's front porch. The larger members of this group have been known to catch small mammals. I kid you not. A word to the wise, if you have young children, do not ring our doorbell.
At the wife's request, I dug yet another hole in the side yard recently for a sapling that will soon be larger than I am. I was armed with a shovel, but I couldn't help wondering if I was digging a home for the tree or my own grave for when this growth is done with me. From now on, I'm not getting out of bed in the morning without my holstered revolver strapped reassuringly to my pj's.
As if life isn't already threatening enough, we also have the Cobra Lilly that looks like a virulent serpent ready to strike. Honest to God, who invents these things? The internet describes it, “The leaves of the Cobra Lily are bulbous and form a hollow cavity, with an opening situated underneath a swollen, balloon like structure and two pointed leaves hanging off the end like fangs.” This villain doesn't belong in polite society, but behind bars in a dungeon somewhere.
In high school as part of a biology experiment, I purchased a Venus Flytrap. Little did I know that this felon had digestive juices that could dissolve whole city blocks without working up a sweat. I actually slept in the same room with this malefactor. It's a wonder I survived long enough to graduate.
My wife just asked me to water that green, blue and red plant life form in the corner of the backyard next to the shed. I'm not going out there.
To comment on this column, email wilaugust46@gmail.com.
April 24 (UPI) -- Richard Gere and Alejandra Silva married this month at a secret wedding.
Hola! magazine reported the 68-year-old American actor and 35-year-old Spanish activist quietly tied the knot at a civil ceremony in early April. The couple plan to celebrate with family and friends May 6 in New York.
"I have found the quiet and happy life that I have always sought," Gere said.
People confirmed the news Monday, with a source saying Gere and Silva married "weeks ago."
"[They're] extraordinarily happy," the insider said. "They're so comfortable with each other, have fun together and are looking forward to their future together."
Gere and Silva were first linked in mid-2015. Gere was previously married to Cindy Crawford and Carey Lowell, and shares 18-year-old son Homer with Lowell. Silva is parent to 5-year-old son Albert with ex-husband Govind Friedland.
"Following the path.. #together with my two boys #Albertino #Richardgere," they captioned a photo on Instagram of Gere and Albert in March.
THE Roosters are backing Luke Keary to lead the club into the future after re-signing the star half on a new deal worth almost $2.2 million.
It's understood the Roosters will announce the signing coup this week after Keary put pen to paper on a new three-year-contract last week.
It's a huge win for the club with Keary off-contract in 2018 but they will bid farewell to veteran fullback Michael Gordon.
Watch every NRL premiership game live in 2018 on Fox Sports. Sign up here to stream for free on a two week trial >
The 34-year-old has been cleared to officially join the Gold Coast.
Foxsports.com.au can reveal the Roosters have signed off on the release of the custodian from the final year of their deal.
He'll now join the Titans on a two-year-deal which will see them claim the No.1 jersey previously held by Jarryd Hayne.
While Hayne's premature departure from the glitter strip for a return to Parramatta freed up ample space on the Titans' salary cap, they landed Gordon's signature at a steal.
With Gordon keen to relocate to be closer to their family, their contract is worth close to the figure they were poised to earn at the Roosters.
Gordon's contract in Bondi was worth $250,000 next season.
While the loss of Gordon isn't ideal, foxsports.com.au understands the Tricolours will be compensated for the early release of the 34-year-old.
The Titans are hopeful of having the paperwork signed off this Tuesday and announcing their newest signing in the afternoon.
Camera Icon The Roosters will bid farewell to Titans-bound Michael Gordon. Picture: News Corp Australia
Gordon flew up to the Gold Coast last week for a physical to expedite the process.
While the loss of Gordon leaves the Roosters down an outside back, they did recently add former Waratah Reece Robinson to their squad.
They'll now turn their attention to the retention of young gun Joseph Manu.
In the short term, they'll revel in the Keary news.
It puts to bed almost four months of work by the recruitment team.
After a breakout first season with the club, the Roosters have been busily working away on an extension.
While the departure of Mitchell Pearce heightened the importance of getting the Keary deal done, the two are completely unrelated.
The Roosters have felt the No.6 is the future of the club with their brand of football unwavering regardless of who their halves partner is.
The next priority for the club is now finalising the two-year extension of co-captain Jake Friend and continuing their pursuit of Rabbitohs gun Angus Crichton before opening talks with fellow leader Boyd Cordner.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The Obamacare exodus has begun.
Humana announced it is pulling out of Obamacare for 2018 on Tuesday, the same day it ended a merger agreement with Aetna.
The company said in a press release it has tried for the past several years to keep selling policies where it could offer "a viable product." It said it increased premiums, exited markets and tightened provider networks in hopes of stabilizing its individual market business.
But an initial analysis of its 2017 consumer base found that it remained riskier than Humana could tolerate. So the company is exiting all 11 states where it sells individual policies, both on the Obamacare exchange and outside of it.
"We are again seeing signs of an unbalanced risk pool based on the results of the 2017 open enrollment period, therefore we've decided that we can't continue to offer this coverage in 2018," said Bruce Broussard, Humana's chief executive, in a conference call with investors.
The insurer, which had roughly 152,000 individual market policyholders, expects to lose $45 million in that segment. Executives noted that they are already seeing higher-than-exepected pharmacy use and admissions among enrollees.
Humana is the first major insurer to exit Obamacare under President Trump, who has promised to repeal the law. On Twitter, the president pointed to the announcement as another example of how the Affordable Care Act is failing.
The past year has been a rocky one for the landmark health reform law. Faced with sicker than expected enrollees, insurers pulled back from the market and hiked premiums. Obamacare supporters called it a transition period that would only last a year. Opponents pointed to the problems as a sign that Obamacare was collapsing and things would only get worse.
Humana was among several major insurers to pull back from Obamacare for 2017, after having to pay higher-than-expected claims for its patients. The Louisville, Kentucky-based insurer stopped offering coverage in eight states and nearly 90% of the counties where it operated last year.
Insurers have also grown increasingly jittery as Congressional Republicans remain divided over how to repeal and replace Obamacare. Several large carriers -- and the industry's lobbying group -- have warned that they will leave unless lawmakers provide more clarity about their plans for the health reform law.
Aetna and Anthem recently said they were evaluating their participation in the exchanges. They plan to announce whether they will continue in the spring, which is when carriers have to file their policies and premiums for 2018 with state regulators.
Humana said it will continue to service its current policyholders throughout the rest of this year.
The news comes hours after Aetna and Humana said they're calling off their $34 billion merger. Just hours later Cigna said it's calling off its $54 billion deal with Anthem.
Both deals were targeted by the Justice Department and were recently blocked by federal judges, citing antitrust concerns. Aetna said it will pay Humana a $1 billion breakup fee.
FILE - In this June 18, 2017, file photo, Imam Yussuf Abdi, center, is welcomed home by friends after arriving at Salt Lake City International Airport. A judge, on Monday, April 23, 2018, has dismissed a lawsuit filed by Abdi, a Utah Muslim leader whose lawyers said they were wrongly placed on a government no-fly list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last year. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File)
FILE - In this June 18, 2017, file photo, Imam Yussuf Abdi, center, is welcomed home by friends after arriving at Salt Lake City International Airport. A judge, on Monday, April 23, 2018, has dismissed a lawsuit filed by Abdi, a Utah Muslim leader whose lawyers said they were wrongly placed on a government no-fly list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last year. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File)
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a Utah Muslim leader who said they were wrongly placed on a government watch list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last summer.
The lengthy screening process undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flights since the trip is inconvenient but not unconstitutional, U.S. District Judge Dee Benson wrote in the decision Monday.
While the right to travel is protected by the Constitution, "the Supreme Court has not recognized a right to convenient or unimpeded travel," Benson wrote.
Lawyers for Abdi, an imam and U.S. citizen, said the screening is more than an inconvenience. They haven't decided if they'll appeal the ruling.
"As Yussuf Abdi's experience makes clear, being on a terrorist watch list can separate citizens from their families," attorney Gadeir Abbas said Tuesday.
The lawsuit helped bring Abdi home from Kenya last year, and air travel has been easier since the case was filed, Abbas said.
The suit was filed after Abdi went to Kenya to bring back their wife and five children, who had received visa approval to join them in the U.S.
Abdi was initially blocked from boarding the plane back to the U.S. but was eventually allowed to return two days later, after their lawyers went to court and the U.S. attorney's office in Utah intervened on their behalf.
Since then, he's taken three trips, including a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia, and been subjected to long security checks that indicate he's on a government list of people identified for extra scrutiny, according to court documents.
The lawsuit alleged Abdi was added to a watch list in 2014 that let them fly but required extra security measures. They asked to be removed, arguing they had no criminal record and no reason to be on the list.
Abdi has lived in Utah for six years and is the imam of Salt Lake City's Madina Masjid Islamic Center.
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) - Romania's top court has told the president to fire the country's chief anti-corruption prosecutor, widely praised for their efforts to root out high-level graft, but a thorn in the side of some politicians.
The constitutional court ruled Wednesday in a 6-3 vote that there had been an institutional conflict after President Klaus Iohannis disagreed with the justice minister's assessment that National Anti-Corruption Directorate Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi should be dismissed on grounds of failing to do their job properly.
Kovesi's departure would be a blow to the agency, respected by ordinary Romanians, the EU and the U.S. The court will explain its ruling later.
Justice Minister Tudorel Toader praised the ruling saying Iohannis did not have "the legal ability to evaluate the professional and management competences of high-ranking prosecutors."
Now we know the explosions could strike anyone.
The latest bombing in the Texas capital was detonated by a tripwire along a residential street, police say.
The Sunday night blast was the fourth explosion in less than a month to terrify the nearly 1 million residents of Austin.
Here's what we know about the Austin bombings, and the questions that remain unanswered:
What we know
Two people have been killed: The first blast killed 39-year-old Anthony Stephan House on March 2.
The second blast came more than a week later, on the morning of March 12, killing 17-year-old Draylen Mason.
The third blast happened several hours later and critically injured a 75-year-old woman.
Those three blasts all happened after someone left explosives-laden packages on the victims' doorsteps.
Then, on Sunday night, the fourth bomb blew up and injured two men walking in a residential neighborhood.
The packages on doorsteps weren't mailed: Instead, they were hand-delivered and left on people's doorsteps, likely during overnight hours.
Those cardboard boxes looked mundane: The explosives came in "average-sized delivery boxes, not exceptionally large," Austin police Chief Brian Manley said.
What we don't know
What types of explosives were used: Police have not detailed what the explosive devices were made from, or what they looked like. Small bomb fragments strewn across wide areas have made the investigations challenging.
What triggered the first three devices: Some of the packages left on people's doorsteps exploded at different times after they were discovered.
In the second explosion, a package was brought into the kitchen and opened before it exploded and killed Draylen.
But in the third explosion, the device exploded immediately after the elderly woman picked up the package.
What the motive is: The two slain victims were both African-American, and the woman wounded in the third attack is Hispanic. Police have not determined if those attacks are hate crimes, but said it's a possibility because of the victims' ethnicities.
But Sunday evening's explosion took place in predominantly white neighborhood and injured two white men, police said. The fact that a tripwire set it off meant anyone walking by could have been maimed.
While the demographics of victims run the gamut, "We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point," Manley said.
Who's behind the attacks: So far, no arrests have been made. Manley asked any neighbors with security camera footage to call police.
But the latest bomb using a tripwire could give clues about the assailant, the global think tank Stratfor Threat Lens said.
"The device's success, despite significantly different design, further suggests that the bomb maker behind these attacks is an accomplished one, and has likely to have received some training, perhaps as a military or police explosive ordnance disposal technician," Stratfor said.
In an effort to address criminal activity at both a state and local level, Anne Arundel County State's Attorney Wes Adams announced their appointment to Governor Hogan's Council on Gangs and Violent Criminal Networks, as well as the continuing development of an intelligence unit within their own office made possible by a grant from the Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention. In an effort to address criminal activity at both a state and local level, Anne Arundel County State's Attorney Wes Adams announced their appointment to Governor Hogan's Council on Gangs and Violent Criminal Networks, as well as the continuing development of an intelligence unit within their own office made possible by a grant from the Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention.
“Governor Hogan's leadership and support continues to be a crucial asset to all law enforcement,” said Anne Arundel County State's Attorney Wes Adams. “I'm honored to be on the forefront of this joint effort and look forward to the good work this council will accomplish.”
State's Attorney Wes Adams is one of fifteen experts who will coordinate the collection and dissemination of data on violent crime, an integral part of the Governor's initiative to combat the presence of gangs in Baltimore City and other jurisdictions around the state.
In addition to participating in this statewide initiative, the Anne Arundel County State's Attorney's Office was awarded a $250,000 grant from the Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention to fund the Strategic Targeted Investigations of Narcotics and Gangs (STING) unit within the State's Attorney's Office.
“I would like to thank Anne Arundel State's Attorney Wes Adams for their willingness to lend their time and expertise to helping us combat violent crime across the state,” said Governor Larry Hogan. “The new STING unit is an important step toward making our communities safer places to live, work, and raise a family.”
This grant will provide STING with the resources needed to implement Intelligence Based Prosecution. By focusing on gathering real-time data from local law enforcement agencies and social media, STING will build knowledge of habitual offenders and their connections within communities and criminal organizations.
The State's Attorney's Office is committed to working with local, state, and federal law enforcement agencies to address criminal activity at all levels.
Related
Category: Crime News, Local News, NEWS
TEMPE, Az. (AP) - Uber says it has suspended self-driving operations in Phoenix and other cities after car kills pedestrian.
NOVAK Djokovic may not be firing on all cylinders but the former world No.1 is safely through to the third round of the French Open.
The Serbian, seeded only 20 due to their recent injury absence, will face Spanish 13th seed Roberto Bautista Agut after a straight-sets win over Jaume Munar. Munar may be ranked a lowly 155 in the world but they made Djokovic work for every point in some lengthy and at times spectacular rallies.
The Spaniard, broken early on, broke back in the opening set only for Djokovic to race through the tiebreak.
Munar occasionally had Djokovic scrambling throughout the next two sets with their fearsome shot-making, but the 2016 champion was able to post a 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4 victory.
“I went through my ups and downs and I'm not really satisfied with the performance. I just played enough in the right moments to win the match,” Djokovic said.
“I have good days of serving when everything flows. But the issue is that I had to (change) the service motion a lot because of the injury (and) I changed the racquet.
“I've already had three different service motions this year. So it's something that I'm working on. At times today, I didn't feel rhythm at all of the serve. So I was missing a lot of first serves.” While it was obvious their game is still a long way from the form they produced to win four slams in a row from 2015 to 2016, Djokovic was quick to put their struggles into perspective.
“To sit here and talk about how tough it is and you have people starving to death, for me there is no point in talking about that. It's just the way it is.” Meanwhile, Marco Trungelliti's epic French Open journey came to an end in the second round.
The Argentinian became the unlikely darling of Roland Garros after driving for 10 hours from Barcelona to Paris, with their brother, mother and gran, on Sunday in order to register in time as a lucky loser.
Trungelliti, the world No.190, then stunned the tennis world by beating Australia's former top-20 player Bernard Tomic to net themselves a $90,000 cheque. However, the 28-year-old hit the skids in round two as they were beaten 6-1 7-6 (7-1) 6-1 by Italian Marco Cecchinato.
In a match held over from Tuesday, Tomas Berdych, the 17th seed, was a first- round casualty after they were beaten by France's Jeremy Chardy 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (10-8) 1-6 5-7 6-2.
Fourth seed Grigor Dimitrov secured a decisive break in the 17th game of the final set to beat American Jared Donaldson 6-7 (7-2) 6-4 4-6 6-4 10-8 in the second round.
It was the Bulgarian's 50th grand-slam match win as they matched their best Roland Garros performance by reaching the third round for the third time where they play Spaniard Fernando Verdasco.
Kei Nishikori, the 19th seed, rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire 6-3 2-6 4-6 6-2 6-3 to reach the third round for the fourth consecutive year.
We have all probably heard about tying a loose tooth to a door and slamming it shut, but what about tying it to an arrow… and shooting it out of a crossbow?
Forget getting your handbook from a dealer just after purchasing, and waiting on to provide to be made. With these online websites one can be able to obtain a bobcat 463 service manual that have all the possible automobile diagnostics, repair work details and diagrams that can point one to the best instructions. In addition, one is ensured that they guideline pamphlets include info from the initial producers.
Initial vehicle repair work handbooks are crucial to automobile owners, whether they have an usage for them or not. These are normally repair work and service direction brochures that most of the time an automobile owner will be attended to by the producer on the preliminary purchase of the automobile. These handbooks can be found in 3 different classifications that consist of the basic, upkeep, and repair work handbooks. The typical kind of bobcat 463 service manual that is secured free with the purchase of a cars and truck is the basic handbook.
The very best opportunity for purchasing authentic repair work guideline pamphlet is online. There is a broad collection of websites that use factory and aftermarket repair work manuals released by all vehicle producers. Furthermore, it is these makers' handbooks that they themselves utilize in their factories. For a much easier time trying to find these vehicle repair work handbooks it readies to contact websites that provide a platform for other bobcat 463 service manual sites. These are platforms that use basic websites with possible initial editions of the repair work guidelines brochures.
When it comes to an automobile repair work handbooks, these are particularly utilized when making significant repair works to a cars and truck. Moreover, it is primarily utilized by those who do the repair works to the cars and trucks. Although the guidelines offer in these direction brochures is not actually for an exact vehicle design, these automobile repair work handbooks perhaps utilized by practically any automobile. They use typical details on a couple of vehicle designs on the best ways to make repair works and the change that might follow after the repair works. Where then can one buy authentic editions of this handbook?
The function of a basic bobcat 463 service manual is typically to supply particular info and directions on all the significant automobile parts of the design. These basic automobile handbooks offer directions on how the owner can make changes and simple to do repair works and the manner ins which they can make the.
Get the information about bobcat 463 service manual you are seeking now by visiting https://www.sellmanuals.com.
The Code of Conduct Tribunal in Abuja has dismissed the 18 charges of false asset declaration filed against the Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki.
The tribunal held that the evidence proffered against Saraki by the federal government was bereft of probate value and manifestly unreliable to hold the charges against the defendant.
Delivering ruling in a no case submission made by Mr. Kanu Agabi SAN on behalf of Saraki, chairperson of the tribunal Mr. Danladi Yakubu Umar said the prosecution at the close of the case failed to establish a prima facie case against the defendant.
Umar said the four witnesses called by the prosecution to testify in the matter gave contradictory evidence that were manifestly unreliable to convict the defendant or order them to enter their defense.
The chairperson specifically referred to the evidence of the third prosecution witness Mr. Samuel Madojemu to the effect that oral investigation was conducted on Saraki and that there was no written report on Saraki by the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB), adding that such an evidence has no probate value upon which the tribunal can hold the charges against the defendant.
According to him, Madojemu as Head of Investigation and Intelligent Department of the code of conduct bureau did not in any way help the prosecution in their evidence when they (Madojemu) claimed that all their averments in the affidavit in support of the charges against Saraki were based on information supplied to them by an undisclosed team of investigators.
Umar further said that the report of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) put at the disposal of the tribunal was more of intelligence gathering rather than conventional investigation.
They said that to worsen the case, the defendant was never invited or be made to make statement so that truth can be unearthed if there are allegations against him.
The chairperson of the tribunal said “From the simple analysis of the evidence of the prosecution, we find it difficult to accept the seriousness of the witnesses. All the evidences were so discredited, unreliable that no reasonable court will attach probate value to them.
“Since the essential ingredients of all the charges were not proved as required by law, this tribunal has no option to discharge and acquit the defendant in view of the manifestly unreliable evidence of the prosecution witnesses.
In their supporting ruling, the second member of the panel Mr. Williams Atedze Agwadza said that they were persuaded by the ultimate conclusion of the chairperson of the tribunal on the no case submission.
They said a careful perusal of the four witnesses and 48 exhibits tendered by the prosecution showed grave defectiveness as no prima facie case was established to sustain the charge.
“The formulation of the 18 count charge was based on the affidavit evidence of Mr. Samuel Madojemu of the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB). Their testimony and affidavit evidence later became affliction and epidemic that befell the prosecution because they were based on mere hearsays.
They said sections 37, 38 and 126 of the Evidence Act were violated with manifestly inadmissible exhibits and testimony.
They further said that the team referred to by Madojemu and which comprised of the operatives of the EFCC, DSS, and CCB is unknown to law as the team has no constitutional or statutory backing to do what they did thereby make the charge against Saraki incurably defective and capable of causing miscarriage of justice against the defendant.
“Evidence to establish offence must be such that has probate value. Another fatal error on the part of the complainant was the failure to obtain statement of the defendant.
Besides, Agwadza said that prosecution also failed by its inability to call vital witnesses including the Accountant General of Kwara state to establish the alleged collection of salary by Saraki long after they left office as governor of Kwara State.
“My humble conclusion is that the defendant in this case has no case to answer and is accordingly discharged and acquitted”.
It would be recalled that the Federal government had in September 2015 slammed charges of false declaration of assets, operating foreign accounts and collecting salaries from Kwara State government on Saraki years after they left office as Chief executive of the State.
Comments
comments
Admiral Scott Swift meets with key Philippine officials 'to reaffirm the US Navy's strong partnership and ties' with the Armed Forces of the Philippines
Published 4:45 PM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The commander of the US Pacific Fleet, Admiral Scott Swift, visited the Philippines and met with key officials of the Duterte administration, the US embassy said Wednesday, June 14.
Swift was in the Philippines from June 11 to 14 "to reaffirm the US Navy's strong partnership and ties with the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP)," the US embassy added.
The US Pacific Fleet commander met with Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano, Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana, AFP Chief of Staff General Eduardo Año, and Philippine Navy chief Vice Admiral Ronald Mercado.
"The Philippine Navy is a valued and enduring ally of the US Navy and a close partner of the Pacific Fleet," Swift explained.
"We continue to build on the strong relationship we have and to reaffirm our commitment to working together to face shared challenges," they added.
Swift's visit comes as President Rodrigo Duterte moves away from the US – which had been the Philippines' traditional ally – and closer to China and Russia in a bid for an "independent foreign policy."
The Philippines, however, remains locked in a dispute with its newfound ally, China, over the West Philippine Sea (South China Sea).
Aside from Swift, another high-ranking foreign official visited the Philippines on Tuesday, June 13.
Singaporean Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan was also in the Philippines on Tuesday, the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) said.
Cayetano and Balakrishnan "reviewed the state of Philippines-Singapore bilateral relations and discussed pressing areas of concern in the region," the DFA said, without elaborating.
The Philippines and Singapore will mark 50 years of diplomatic relations by 2019. – Rappler.com
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A former Rutgers University professor whose conviction for sexually assaulting a disabled man was overturned pleaded guilty Monday to aggravated criminal sexual contact.
Anna Stubblefield entered their plea Monday as part of a deal with Essex County prosecutors in New Jersey. They admitted they should have known the man was legally unable to consent, but declined further comment following the hearing.
Prosecutors will recommend Stubblefield receives a four-year prison term when she's sentenced May 7, and they will get credit for the prison time they already have served.
Stubblefield, who once chaired Rutgers-Newark's philosophy department, testified at trial that they and the man fell in love after they were brought on by their family to help them communicate. Stubblefield said they consented to the relationship by communicating on a keyboard, but prosecutors said Stubblefield used their position to take advantage of the then-29-year-old man, who has cerebral palsy and can't speak.
Stubblefield was convicted in 2015 and sentenced to 12 years in prison. But an appeals court ruled last June that they should get a new trial with a new judge because the trial judge erred by barring testimony from an expert witness for the defense.
Stubblefield's lawyer argued that the expert would have convinced jurors the man could consent to sex. The expert had done a three-day evaluation of the man that included "facilitated communication," a technique that uses a trained person to assist a disabled person, usually with typing.
The trial judge determined facilitated communication is an "unrecognized field of science."
The appellate panel found that because jurors couldn't hear the expert's full assessment of the man, they were left with the impression that no one - apart from Stubblefield themselves - believed they had the mental abilities to consent to sex.
The Associated Press generally does not identify people who are the alleged victims of sex crimes.
Stubblefield, 48, was married with children when their relationship with the man developed. They met them in 2009 through their brother, who had been taking a college course from them Over the next two years, they worked with them using facilitated communication. They argued that they could communicate by typing.
The man's family sued Stubblefield and won a $4 million judgment over their treatment of him.
U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth on Thursday denied defense counsel's request to halt USS Cole hearings at Guantánamo, despite the refusal to participate by three civilian lawyers for the accused.
Within minutes of the denial, lawyers for Brig. Gen. John Baker, the chief defense counsel for military commissions, filed an unlawful detention petition in Lamberth's court. The USS Cole case judge, Air Force Col. Vance Spath, on Wednesday sentenced the Marine general to 21 days confinement in their quarters, in a trailer park behind the Guantanamo courthouse, for refusing to return the civilian counsel to their jobs.
The 20-page habeas corpus petition accuses the colonel of denying Baker “due process rights by depriving them of their liberty without giving them any opportunity to be heard.”
The case against Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri, the alleged mastermind behind al Qaeda's Oct. 12, 2000 suicide bombing of the ship in Yemen, which killed 17 U.S. sailors, has been thrown into turmoil by the withdrawal of the lawyers, who say they are refusing to “provide unethical legal services to keep the façade of justice that is the military commissions running.” The lawyers resigned over an ethical conflict that has been kept secret.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Lamberth's decision clears the way for a showdown Friday over whether the three lawyers who quit will report to an office building in Alexandria, Virginia, by 8 a.m. to litigate Nashiri's case by video-feed to Guantanamo, as the trial judge, Spath, has ordered. Civilian Pentagon-paid attorneys Rick Kammen, Rosa Eliades and Mary Spears earlier in the week rejected Spath's order to travel to the remote base for proceedings in the case.
At issue is who has the authority to release the three attorneys. Baker, who hires and fires defense attorneys, said they had sole authority to do so. Spath disagreed. They ordered Baker this week to rescind their excusal. Baker refused, and was found in contempt of the war court on Wednesday and immediately taken to the brig.
Baker, the second highest-ranking lawyer in the Marine Corps, was in the second day of their sentence -- confined to their quarters in a trailer park behind the courthouse complex called Camp Justice.
Michel Paradis, another civilian counsel for Nashiri, argued that the case has “gone off the rails” and described the trial process as “lawless.”
Justice Department attorney Ronald Wiltsie argued there would be no harm in the trial proceeding.
“While the government has an interest in ensuring that the proceedings at Guantanamo are fair, that interest is not compelling enough” to stop the proceedings, Wiltsie said in Lamberth's courtroom Thursday.
Without Kammen, Eliades and Spears, Nashiri has no representation with capital experience. If found guilty, Nashiri could face execution.
The exercise over who can release an attorney of record is also testing the reach of the war court set up by President George W. Bush after the 9/11 attacks and reformed by President Barack Obama. A year ago, a USS Cole case prosecutor said the war court has no authority to force a reluctant witness to Guantanamo. Instead, Spath sent U.S. marshals to scoop up the witness, Stephen Gill, from their home in Massachusetts, hold them overnight in a Virginia cell and deliver them to the same video-feed site where they have ordered Kammen, Eliades and Spears to appear as Nashiri's counsel of record.
In that instance, a federal public defender sent a letter to the Guantanamo courtroom, offering to represent Gill, who was an un-mobilized Navy Reserves lawyer. Spath explicitly ordered that Gill not be told of the offer until after Gill had testified.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 3:48 Florida Man Wrangles Alligator, Frees it From Plastic Ring Pause 2:12 Drone footage of Raleigh's winter wonderland snowfall 0:21 Firefighter catches child dropped from ladder 1:15 Overwhelmingly positive responses to the #MeToo hashtag 3:05 Man sneaks onto luggage carousel, runs onto tarmac at Miami International Airport 0:14 Video shows cop punching a woman in the face as they are ejected from Hard Rock Stadium 3:15 Cyclist forgives driver who hit, almost paralyzed them 0:04 Irma nears Florida Saturday afternoon 2:03 Hurricane Irma forecast predictions through Tuesday 0:05 Irma moves closer to Florida Saturday morning Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Retired U.S. Navy Command Master Chief James Parlier, who was aboard the USS Cole at the time of al-Qaida's attack off Yemen on Oct. 12, 2000. Here, they speak to reporters on Dec. 16, 2016, at Camp Justice, U.S. Navy base Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. Carol Rosenberg crosenberg@miamiherald.com
Miami Herald reporter Carol Rosenberg contributed to this report from Guantánamo.
Have you ever needed extra pockets?
How about on your feet?
Nike's latest Benassi Slides have got you covered! The fanny pack flops are expected to be released this summer. Perfect for chapstick, keys, or headphones, the sliders have got everyone talking on Twitter.
New "Fanny Pack" Benassi Slides from Nike. What are you putting in these?
Details: https://t.co/at8l7WcF5X pic.twitter.com/Ig63HV2YiM — SoleCollector.com (@SoleCollector) May 30, 2018
Twitter users had a mixed reaction.
Not gonna lie. I wanna pair of those fanny pack slides @Nike — LaThorn Ball (@Thorn0824) May 30, 2018
I Lowkey want those Nike fanny pack slides... I need a new compartment for my chapsticks — TMoney (@timeismonet) May 30, 2018
They will also be available in pink and black.
Would you rock these?
© 2018 KENS
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was one of the most touching stories we covered last year.
Jaime Green shared with us how they had not known that their son Ben was so close to death, before they died.
They revealed that the 21-year-old from Cheltenham hid how seriously ill they were with cystic fibrosis from their family and friends to protect them.
It drew widespread praise from those who knew Ben, many of whom said it was typical of their caring nature.
And now Jaime, of Griffiths Avenue, St Mark's, is appealing for the public's help so they can cover the £6,500 cost of putting a headstone on their grave in Cheltenham Cemetery.
Although it is marked with a cross and angels, there is no headstone there yet.
Jaime and their husband Phil want their specially-designed stone, including a photograph of Ben, to be a fitting tribute to them and have launched an online appeal to raise the money they need.
They have paid £2,500 towards the cost so far but because they have such a large family (Ben had five sisters and four brothers), they have found it hard to raise the extra cash.
Jaime said: “We feel that if we had to do it ourselves, it would take forever. It's really hard to do everything.
“What Ben did was kind of insane. Even now I think back and think it was crazy.
(Image: Nick Parford, Nick Parford Photo)
“His going has left such a big hole here.
“We want to have this headstone because they deserve it. They were a hero to keep that to himself. It's going to look amazing.”
Nichola Byrne, Ben's aunt and close friend, plans to shave their shoulder-length hair off to help the online appeal.
Jaime said they knew how much Nichola's hair meant to them so agreeing to have it shaved off had blown them away.
To donate to the JustGiving appeal, which seeks to raise £1,500, click here.
Former U.S. Olympian Erin Donohue has fond memories of Penn Relays
Former U.S. Olympian Erin Donohue has fond memories of Penn Relays Apr 23
Ken Mullings' big high jump gives them Penn Relays decathlon lead after first day
Ken Mullings' big high jump gives them Penn Relays decathlon lead after first day Apr 24
Joe Juliano has been a member of our sports staff since 1985. Their current beats are Penn State football, college basketball, golf, and the Penn Relays. A graduate of Temple University, they also worked for 10 years with United Press International, the last seven as Philadelphia sports editor.
Penn's Alex Sislo walks across the track before the start of the Penn Relays men's decathlon at Franklin Field in Philadelphia, PA on April 24, 2018.
With the help of a commanding performance in the high jump, sophomore Ken Mullings of the University of the Bahamas took the lead Tuesday after the opening five events of the decathlon at the Penn Relays.
Mullings jumped 6 feet, 6 ¼ inches at Franklin Field and topped everyone else in the 10-man field by at least 8 ¼ inches, rolling up 794 points to take a 208-point lead at that stage of the competition. They closed with a 50.84-second performance in the 400 meters and finished the day with 3,839 points.
Senior D.J. Workcuff of Mount St. Mary's posted the best marks in three events and stood in second place with 3,673 points. Workcuff captured the 100 meters in 10.93 seconds and the 400 meters in 49.93 while long jumping 23-5 ¼.
Freshman Alex Sislo of Penn was in third place with 3,462 points and Christopher Gabor of Mount St. Mary's held fourth place at 3,399. Gabor had the best mark in the shotput at 41-6 ½.
In the women's heptathlon, senior Tyanna Petty of the University of the Rio Grande in Ohio posted the best times in the 100-meter hurdles and the 200 to hold first place after four events with a total of 2,890 points.
Petty clocked 15.16 seconds in the hurdles and 25.86 in the 200, topping 800 points in each event. They tied for first in the high jump at 5-5 ¼.
Messiah sophomore Taylor Wiederrecht, who also high jumped 5-5 ¼, was second with 2,716 points, followed by Emily Hagarty of Adelphi in third with 2,657 and Eboni Birch of St. John's in fourth with 2,580. Birch posted the best mark in the shotput, 38- ¾.
The decathlon and heptathlon competition concludes Wednesday.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Facebook is adding a button to provide more information on news stories posted to the social media platform in an attempt to fight “fake news.”
Facebook is implementing a button alongside news stories posted to the platform that redirects users to a page of information on the publisher of the news story, including “information from the publisher's Wikipedia entry, a button to follow their Page, trending articles or related articles about the topic, and information about how the article is being shared by people on Facebook.”
advertisement
Recode reports their information will not be curated by a human team but will be generated automatically by Facebook. The tool purportedly aims to help readers better understand where the news they're reading comes from and the possible bias of the publisher. Facebook has faced pressure from both the U.S. government and the European Union to closely monitor the content posted to their platform.
In December of 2016, Facebook was warned by the European Union that they must stop “hate speech” on their platform or face harsh punishments, EU Justice Commissioner Věra Jourová told The Financial Times: “If Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Microsoft want to convince me and the ministers that the non-legislative approach can work, they will have to act quickly and make a strong effort in the coming months.” They continued to say, “The last weeks and months have shown that social media companies need to live up to their important role and take up their share of responsibility when it comes to phenomena like online radicalization, illegal hate speech or fake news.”
Facebook has also recently come under fire after it was discovered that Russian-linked sources had purchased approximately $100,000 worth of political ads on the platform during the 2016 presidential election. Facebook claims that most of the advertisements did not contain information about particular political candidates but rather focused on key political issues.
FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2015, file frame from jailhouse surveillance video recorded at Denver's Downtown Detention Center, released by the Denver Department of Safety via the law firm Killmer, Lane & Newman, LLP, 50 year-old homeless man Michael Marshall, with a white material on their face, is wheeled out in a restraint chair by Denver sheriff's deputies after becoming aggressive with another inmate. They choked on their own vomit, lost consciousness and died later at a hospital. A police watchdog says the sheriff's department mishandled its internal investigation of the jail staff involved. (Denver Department of Safety/Killmer, Lane & Newman, LLP via AP, File)
FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2015, file frame from jailhouse surveillance video recorded at Denver's Downtown Detention Center, released by the Denver Department of Safety via the law firm Killmer, Lane & Newman, LLP, 50 year-old homeless man Michael Marshall, with a white material on their face, is wheeled out in a restraint chair by Denver sheriff's deputies after becoming aggressive with another inmate. They choked on their own vomit, lost consciousness and died later at a hospital. A police watchdog says the sheriff's department mishandled its internal investigation of the jail staff involved. (Denver Department of Safety/Killmer, Lane & Newman, LLP via AP, File)
DENVER (AP) - The Denver Sheriff's Department mishandled an investigation into the 2015 death of a man restrained by deputies at the jail and must change its disciplinary and investigative process, a law enforcement watchdog agency said in a blistering report Monday that focused new attention on a case that has already resulted in a $4.6 million settlement.
The report made public by Denver's independent police monitor, a civilian oversight agency for Denver's police and sheriff departments, recommends that a civilian be put in charge of the Internal Affairs Bureau of the sheriff's department that investigates allegations of officer misconduct.
It also called on the sheriff's department to make a variety of changes to its policies on staff training, hiring and interaction with medical staff when an inmate's health conflicts with jail security.
The city of Denver reached the settlement with Michael Marshall's family in November that required other changes at the jail, including mental health coverage being provided there 24 hours a day and training for all deputies on mental illness.
Marshall, 50, died nine days after they were restrained in a prone position for several minutes by Denver jail deputies because they said Marshall was aggressive with another inmate and had ignored commands. They choked on their own vomit, lost consciousness and died later at a hospital.
The report includes new detail about how the sheriff's department responded to Marshall's death and levels harsh criticism at the Internal Affairs Bureau, which began its review of the case in 2016 after prosecutors announced that no criminal charges would be filed.
About a month later, the bureau told the independent monitor's office that its investigation was complete, according to the report.
Independent Monitor Nick Mitchell's office objected, arguing that investigators did not interview any of the deputies who restrained Marshall at the jail or the nurses who were called to the area when Marshall became unconscious. The monitor's office also objected in June when investigators again declined to further investigate.
Both attempts to end the inquiry "raised troubling questions about IAB's willingness to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation of this serious case," the report says. Choosing a civilian to lead the internal affairs division could insulate it from "internal pressures," it says.
The report also questioned why several sergeants present as deputies restrained Marshall were not disciplined.
As supervisors, they should have stepped in, the report said. Deputy Bret Garegnani, Deputy Carlos Hernandez and Captain James Johnson received brief suspensions that were overturned after the officers appealed.
The report also criticizes the sheriff's department for failing to create a policy for reviewing deaths and other incidents at the jail.
The department "tried to minimize potential issues....instead of seeing it as an opportunity to learn," the report said. Garegnani was nominated for the department's "Life Saving Award" for performing CPR on Marshall, the report added.
Jess Vigil, Denver's deputy director of its safety department, defended the internal investigation and disciplinary decisions. They said concerns were raised by the watchdog group but that it ultimately found the investigation "thorough and complete."
Vigil said internal investigators mistakenly relied on results of the criminal investigation into the death initially but did end up conducting their own interviews and research.
The report said nurses told deputies that too much pressure placed on Marshall's neck could cause them to choke after vomiting but deputies refused and said they had to control Marshall.
The monitor's report recommended more training and a supervisor's input during future conflicts between jail medical staff and deputies.
IF confirmation was needed that the postal plebiscite would turn into a debacle of policy making, it was cemented this week. Let me run you through how events unfolded.
The postal vote will be challenged in the High Court, but I would be surprised if the challenge was successful. Why? Because of how the Government has crafted the process — by turning it into a joke.
The Australian Bureau of Statistics will administer the vote, not the Australian Electoral Commission. That's because getting the ABS to do things is more easily achieved without an Act of Parliament.
But the ABS can't call the “plebiscite” a plebiscite. They are calling it a survey, or a “statistical collection” (check out their website). So the plebiscite from the campaign has been honoured by delivering a non-binding, non-compulsory statistical survey. How embarrassing.
media_camera Peter van Onselen.
But it didn't stop there this week. Even a low response rate won't invalidate the survey. And while MPs will be given a free vote and, hence, can vote against the wishes of the public if the survey is successful, if it fails Parliament won't get the chance to vote on same-sex marriage.
Talk about a double standard. Some Liberal MPs are not only saying they won't necessarily back same-sex marriage if the survey does, they want an electorate breakdown in this $122 million initiative and might vote on those grounds.
Tony Abbott says if you don't like political correctness, vote against gay rights. If anyone can find a link between those notions, please let me know. South Australian MP Tony Pasin wants to give taxi drivers the right to refuse fares to people attending gay weddings as part of religious exemptions to same-sex marriage laws. I don't even know where to start with that idea — do we expect people hailing a cab to wear a rainbow badge so drivers know which fares to accept and which to refuse?
It's a theatre of the absurd and the campaign hasn't even started yet.
Peter van Onselen is The Sunday Times' political analyst and a professor at UWA
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Austin, Texas, police chief says "trip wire" used on latest bomb, area is safe after sweep by law enforcement.
The arrival of Hyundai's N performance division added some necessary grunt to the Korean marque's range. The i30 and the Veloster were the first two vehicles to receive the sporty treatment. But now Hyundai could up the ante even further with a standalone N-branded sports car – and it could mean the first-ever mid-engined vehicle for the brand.
Former BMW M boss turned head of Hyundai's N division, Albert Biermann, said in an interview with Top Gear that they have more "freedom" to develop the products they want. That includes continued work on the Racing Midship (RM) concept – Hyundai's mid-engined hot hatchback that first showed up back in 2014 – and the potential for a production model.
"Yeah, we have been working on this," said Biermann. "Like the Racing Midship, which we've done three versions of. We are still working on these cars, trying different things. Maybe someday we will have such a car. There is no decision yet, but it could happen."
To date, Hyundai has built three iterations of the RM concept. In 2014, the RM14 – based on the outgoing Veloster – showed up with 295 horsepower (219 kilowatts). Just a year later, the lightly modified RM15 debuted with a 429-pound (195-kilogram) weight loss. And in 2016, the RM16 N marked the most significant revision to date, riding on an all-new platform and producing 300 hp (223 kW).
Spy photos have hinted at the RM16 N's production possibility, and Biermann has already promised two new N models after the i30 (the first being the Veloster). Unfortunately, we'll have to wait a while to see the proposed vehicle on the road.
"We are just starting," says Biermann. "Our sales network is not used to performance cars, and we need to take a little time. Spreading out too many cars too fast is not the right thing. If we started with a bespoke car in the first place, people would have no idea what to do with such a car."
Source: Top Gear
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. - The charges against Christian Kirk, stemming from their February arrest in Scottsdale, have been dropped, city prosecutor Karen Close confirmed Wednesday.
According to Close, the charges were dropped after the Arizona Cardinals' second-round draft pick paid restitution. In other words, they paid for damages.
Kirk was arrested along with another man, 18-year-old Carter McCarthy, for alleged criminal damage on February 3. Police documents said Kirk was throwing rocks at cars near TPC Scottsdale during the Phoenix Open. At the time, witnesses told police the two smashed the passenger side back window of a van.
Multiple officers said Kirk appeared to be drunk while the arresting officer said Kirk was acting like they were high on a stimulant such as cocaine.
Kirk had been a star receiver at Saguaro High School before going to Texas A&M. They were drafted by the Cardinals in the second round of the 2018 NFL Draft.
© 2018 KPNX
President Donald Trump is scheduled to return to Trump Tower on Monday night, the skyscraper building bearing their name in New York City that served as their home before they were elected president.
Three different groups of protesters have already flocked around the building to protest Trump's response violence in Charlottesville, despite their condemnation of neo-Nazis, the KKK, and white supremacists.
advertisement
A pro-Trump rally of supporters choosing to welcome the president home is also scheduled for this evening.
The president traveled from New Jersey to Washington D.C. on Monday and plans to travel to New York City this evening.
Trump struggles with their desire to visit their home, admitting last week that the security burden it places on New Yorkers makes them hesitant to visit frequently.
“I stay out of Manhattan because it's so disruptive to go to Manhattan,” Trump told reporters on Thursday at their golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey. The president spent the majority of their August recess in New Jersey, as aides described their time there as a “working vacation” while the West Wing was getting renovated.
Prior to the election, Trump enjoyed spending most of their time in the building where they conducted their business and filmed their Apprentice television shows. Despite their 2016 campaign for president, Trump would frequently return home to New York City before going out the following day to campaign in swing states. Trump spent nearly their entire transition period in Trump Tower after winning the election, leaving only on rare occasions.
Trump recalled personally experiencing the difficulty of presidential visits as a New Yorker and acknowledged that the protesters were also a factor in the city when they spoke to reporters on Thursday.
“During the time I lived in Manhattan, whenever the president came in, it was very disruptive and I think I'm probably more disruptive than any of them,” they reflected during their remarks, pointing out that they would have to close Fifth Avenue and 56th Street in the city.
The Hammond boys' golf team repeated won their second straight SCISA 3A championship Tuesday at The Hackler Course at Coastal Carolina. Submitted photo
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Up to four in 10 children in some parts of Gloucestershire are growing up in poverty.
New figures released by the End Child Poverty coalition show that more than two-fifths of children are living in poverty in the Gloucestershire ward with the worst rate of deprivation.
It also shows more than half of children live in poverty in nearly 100 wards across the UK, after housing costs.
The map below shows the scale of child poverty across the country.
Where are the biggest areas for child poverty in Gloucestershire?
End Child Poverty Coalition's analysis reflects that households are living in poverty if their income is less than 60 per cent of the average.
More than a quarter of children in Gloucester are living in poverty, according to the research.
In Barton and Tredworth, the most impoverished ward, the child poverty rate was 43 per cent, an estimated 1,400 children.
The next most impoverished area in Gloucestershire is the Forest of Dean at 22.58 per cent.
The biggest areas for child poverty in the Forest, where the rate was just under a third, were Coleford Central, Lydney East and Littledean and Ruspidge.
The wards with the highest rates of child poverty End Child Poverty
In Cheltenham, just under a fifth - 19.65 per cent of children is living in poverty after housing costs. St Pauls - with 34 per cent of its children living in poverty - was the poorest ward in the town, closely followed by Oakley.
Some 17.31 per cent of children in Stroud were impoverished, while in Tekwesbury the figure was very similar at 17.27.
In Cotswolds the child poverty figures were the lowest in Gloucestershire at 16.89 per cent.
com.escenic.studio.core.binding.DefaultPropertyBinding@2c2d12bd
The wards with the lowest rates of child poverty End Child Poverty
Why are so many children in poverty?
End Child Poverty, which is made up of charities, faith groups and unions, has warned the current freeze on child benefits will mean that as prices rise, low income families would find it increasingly hard to pay for the same basic essentials.
The coalition is calling on the Chancellor, Phillip Hammond, to end the freeze on children's benefits, and to invest in interest free credit for low income families.
End Child Poverty is also concerned that the impact of poverty may be exacerbated by a poverty premium - which means that low income families can face paying as much as £1700 per year more than better off families, to buy the same essential goods and services.
A major contributor to this is the high cost of credit for low income families, and the coalition wants to see the Government address this by providing better access to interest free credit.
Sam Royston, chairperson of End Child Poverty, said: “It is scandalous that a child born in some parts of the UK now has a greater chance of growing up in poverty, than being in a family above the breadline.
“‘There can be little doubt that the Government's policy of maintaining the benefits freeze despite rising prices is a major contributor to the emerging child poverty crisis.
The Government has said it has lifted hundreds of thousands of children out of workless households.
A Government spokesperson said: “The best route out of poverty is through employment, and since 2010 an extra 3 million more people are now in work and 600,000 fewer children are living in workless households.
"But we recognise that budgets are tight, and that's why we're helping families keep more of what they earn.
“We've doubled free childcare – worth £5,000 per child each year – while our £2.5billion pupil premium programme is supporting 2 million disadvantaged schoolchildren across the country.”
The N16 has fully reopened following a collision earlier this afternoon at the Sligo side of Glencar.
Diversions were in place via the waterfall exit while emergency services dealt with the collision.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 30-year-old Cheltenham man has been convicted of putting their ex-partner in fear of violence by harassment and stealing their possessions.
Florin Raru, Brookbank Close, also faced allegations that they stole the possessions of their ex-partner's daughter. They were found not guilty of that charge by the jury at Gloucester Crown Court.
During the week-long trial, the jury heard that Raru had their name tattooed on Ophelia Wiedenhamer's neck and told them 'I own you now'.
Initially they faced an allegation that between September 1, 2014 and April 7, 2017 they used controlling and coercive behaviour against Ms Wiedenhamer.
However at the halfway stage of the trial that allegation was dropped, and instead one count of harassment and two of theft were put to him, which they denied.
The jury took four hours and two minutes to come to their verdicts. The found them guilty, by a majority of 11 to one of harassing Ms Wiedenhamer and stealing them possessions.
Judge Peter Johnson adjourned the case for sentence until February 27 and ordered a pre-sentence report.
They told Raru: "These are a very shabby series of offences. I regard these as being quite serious matters. All options are open and that includes custody."
Raru was granted bail until the sentencing hearing.
During the trial, the jury were told that Raru was a Romanian national who had lived in the UK for some time.
They met Ms Wiedenhamer at the Elephant and Castle pub in London, and they started a relationship.
They were from St Lucia, and they acted as their sponsor for immigration authorities.
They claimed that they were merely using them to gain a visa, and was having relationships with other men.
Ms Wiedenhamer denied this in their evidence saying that they "loved Florin with every drop of blood in my body". They told the jury that they still had their picture in their wallet.
But they alleged they became more controlling as the relationship went on and that they forbade them from wearing make up.
They denied this, and said that they had only suggested that they wear their hair "natural".
The prosecution said that matters came to a head when Ms Wiedenhamer returned to St Lucia in March last year, when they learnt that their mother was very unwell.
At this time, the prosecution said, they became obsessed with the notion that they were seeing another man there.
They allegedly hacked into their Facebook and email accounts, making "sexually suggestive remarks" whilst pretending to be them
Before they returned to the UK from St Lucia, Raru cleared the flat that they shared of all their possessions, and rang immigration authorities telling them that they had withdrawn their sponsorship of her, the prosecution said.
They were detained at the airport and held for nine hours before being released.
They had also taken one of their daughters to school, and told staff there that they had been abandoned by their mother.
That child was taken into temporary foster care as a result.
A final incident between them took place on April 5, when they agreed to meet to exchange a SIM card.
They told the jury that they got them into a "bear hug" and threatened to kill them
Raru denied this, saying that they had stumbled and them held them up to stop their falling, and that they hadn't threatened to kill her, but that they would make sure it "got back on them emotionally".
They said that they realised: "I was nothing but a tool in their hand. They wanted to stay in the UK and not stay in a relationship with me."
They claimed that they had told them they were pregnant with their child, but they learnt from immigration this was not true.
They also claimed that the tattoo with their name on their neck, was their idea. It was, they told the jury, a ploy to convince immigration that their relationship was genuine.
They also claimed that they had told them to get rid of their possessions from the flat.
The jury rejected their account finding them guilty of stealing their possessions, but not those of their daughter.
They also convicted them of putting them in fear of violence by harassment.
They will be sentenced on February 27.
The week-long Summer Games Done Quick gaming marathon concluded on Saturday after raising $2.1 million for charity. That may very well lead outsiders to ask: What kind of gaming event can raise so much money for a global nonprofit like Doctors Without Borders?
Fans of the Games Done Quick organization, which runs two charity marathons a year, might answer that question by pointing to a slew of "speedruns"—attempts to beat a video game as quickly as possible—for classic and modern titles alike. Or they might start shouting a bunch of inside jokes and catch phrases, which are abundant at such a tight-knit, community-driven gathering of some of gaming's biggest nerds.
Either way, while the event has since concluded, its most impressive and silliest moments live on thanks to a complete YouTube video dump. Hours upon hours of speedruns, both quick and lengthy, live on at the Games Done Quick channel. So we thought we'd take this American holiday opportunity to help outsiders catch up on the craziness with a few of our favorite full-game clips.
Super Mario Bros. 3: There were no shortage of Mario-related speedruns at this year's SGDQ, and a few of them were danged impressive. The original Super Mario Bros. saw a "warpless" race, which forced every runner to scramble after making mistakes, and a nail-biting three-on-three Super Mario Maker relay race had so many bonkers levels that the players couldn't even beat all of them. (Both of those links include awesome follow-up demonstrations of incredible tech. For example, FF to 31:40 on the original SMB video for a one-handed run.)
But man. There's really no beating the drama and insanity and surprises of the Super Mario Bros. 3 "all forts" race. This category required both runners to make every single fortress in the game crumble, and they otherwise exploited and warped their way through anything else they wanted. One "exploit" emerges near the end of the race that I won't spoil for you, but needless to say, this unexpected cap to the hour-long romp will be talked about for some time.
Celeste: A much newer game got the SGDQ "race" treatment, as well, and while this one lacks the nostalgia of something like Mario 3 above, this speedrun has an arguably cooler angle: the game's creators showing up.
Developers Matt Thorson and Noel Berry act as the primary couch commentators for this run, offering explanations about exactly how the runners are pulling off their crazy moves, how the game was developed with speedrunning in mind, and even admitting to a few glitches being left in the game intentionally. (One of those, which results in a strange sound glitch repeating over and over, was left specifically for speedrunners to find, Thorson admits.) Additionally, the speed tech displayed by these runners for such a new game is absolutely impressive. The devs point out how much of the game's designed challenge is obliterated by their techniques, but they don't seem too bothered by that fact.
F-Zero GX: Most Games Done Quick events include a presentation from TASBot, which is essentially a combination of console exploits and rapid-fire button punches (often combined with Nintendo's classic, cute ROB toy) to write and execute remote code. This year's was no different.
Further Reading How a game-playing robot coded “Super Mario Maker” onto an SNES—live on stage After viewers saw a few tool-assisted speedruns, which spliced together frame-perfect gameplay to pull off amazing, inhuman gaming feats, the TASBot team used a replay exploit in the GameCube's F-Zero GX to execute an interesting trick: the "very first console verification of any disc-based system, ever." This version of F-Zero was controlled entirely by a Game Boy Advance that had received code from this F-Zero hack. It's quite bizarre, and you'll want to fast-forward to approximately 7:30 to see what happens and how it works.
Pokémon Blue and Pokémon Yellow: Yes, that's two games listed for one run. Games Done Quick has hosted a few of these before, where one controller's output is fed into two consoles simultaneously, which is already a crazy enough feat to juggle.
But as this video's commentary crew points out, Pokémon Blue and Yellow are particularly interesting because they run at different speeds. The Yellow upgrade to the series added more color information and proved more demanding to the original Game Boy, so its menus, battle animations, and other basic systems run at slightly different timings. All of those frames add up, and this means the runner must constantly calculate for the differences and play catch-up to correct any desyncs. No other JRPG run at this year's SGDQ proved more harrowing.
Bio Miracle Bokutte Upa: Every Game Done Quick event has at least one WTF game that emerges as a watchable delight. I once wrote about a revealing speedrun of the NES curio Kabuki Quantum Fighter, and this year, similar honors should be given to this summer's run of an odd, Japan-only platformer from Konami.
This bizarre baby-platformer, with its mix of precise platforming and nonsensical visuals, is hard to compare to any other NES/Famicom game, though it bears the teensiest, tiniest resemblance to Super Mario Bros. 2 (mostly because of one repeating Birdo-like boss). But if you're ever going to watch someone play this game, let this world-record speedrun stand as a lovely one-and-done case of this Bio Miracle.
Metroid: Samus Returns: The latest Metroid side-scroller (and first for the Nintendo 3DS) is built on exactly the kind of 3D-geometry, climb-and-clamber engine that speedrunners love to exploit. As a result, Samus Returns offers a particularly rare speedrun opportunity for this traditionally pixel-built adventure series, and this speedrun delivers with plenty of interesting tech.
The wildest part of this SGDQ run, however, comes when the speedrunner paints themselves into a logistical corner (having skipped key items) and must concentrate on a frame-perfect glitch to keep the run going. A potentially embarrassing disruption follows, yet the runner still manages to beat the game well under their quoted estimate time. That's a testament to how many maneuvers and glitches they pull off on their way to blazing through the game.
All of the hits (and Pepsiman, too)
Should these six embedded speedruns (and those two extra Marios) not do the trick, SGDQ 2018 has so many more for you. Zelda "bingo." Mega Man ROM hacks. Janky official mascot games for the likes of Pepsiman. Janky unofficial mascot games for the likes of the Domino's Noid.
All of these and more can be yours to watch with a trip to the official Games Done Quick YouTube channel. These should keep you occupied all the way until the next Awesome Games Done Quick event in January 2019.
Blake Lively/Instagram. Inset: Mike Marsland/WireImage
Blake Lively is proud to be their own stylist. The actor and fashion darling follows one specific motto when it comes to dressing themselves for an event: the more bling the better. In fact, Lively loves to pile on the accessories so much, that they recently told Vogue: “I'm always aching for jewelry.”
Thankfully, the 30-year-old star turns to celebrity jeweler and close friend Lorraine Schwartz to soothe that ache. Lively recently attended Schwartz's new “Against Evil Eye” bangle collection launch party in L.A., where they got their hands on the sparkly line of bracelets, available for purchase at Bergdorf Goodman and Harrods retail locations.
The hard part for Lively? Giving back the bling. They were so sad to part with it that they posted a photo of their arm candy on Instagram and tried to broker a deal with Schwartz.
“…More jewelry I had to give back last week. ( @lorraineschwartz I'll trade you my mom for these new evil eye bangles. That's really a bargain …for me),” they quipped in the Instagram caption on their post.
Not pictured? The bodyguard Lively probably had to travel with to protect those jewels. We did the math: The actor flashed $224,000 worth of arm candy in their Instagram photo. The five-eye gold pavé diamond bangles, featuring blue topaz, retail for $40,000 a piece, while the diamond tennis bracelets featuring the evil eye are $18,500 and the solid gold bangles are $10,000.
Schwartz told PEOPLE at their launch party that they designed their new bangle collection by channeling positive energy. “I'm really affected by energy, and I try to live my life [being] really positive and always see the good in everyone. So my collections are really actually based on positivity. But God forbid there is some negative energy out there, let that bracelet ward it off.”
How do they bring positive vibes to their jewelry? “I look at the stone and I get energies from the actual stone,” they shared. “The way it's cut more than the stone. I love diamonds. I love emeralds. And I love Paraibas, which are the color of turquoise but it's the most rare stone.”
Lively is already collaborating with Schwartz on custom accessories to match their 2018 Met Gala dress which the actor said is their “favorite ever.”
Feeling some bling FOMO? If you don't have a Blake-size budget or a jeweler BFF to loan you pieces to wear, we rounded up a few look-for-less pieces below!
Courtesy Nordstrom
Buy It! Tory Burch Crazy Charms Cuff, $128; nordstrom.com
Courtesy Kendra Scott
Buy It! Kendra Scott Elton Gold Pinch Bracelet in Abalone Shell, $65; kendrascott.com
Courtesy Revolve
Buy It! Sachi Evil Eye Sapphire Bracelet, $407; revolve.com
Courtesy Henri Bendel
Buy It! Henri Bendel Rivet Mesh Wrap Bracelet, $128; henribendel.com
Courtesy Shopbop
Buy It! GAS Bijoux Strada Bracelet, $208; shopbop.com
Speech to Text for Friday Afternoon Forecast
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
during the day. a high in the low 40s. there's a slight chance for snow late tomorrow night, lows at 30. chances increase on sunday. minor accumulations may be possible. we're learning more about "a new plan" -- for the united way will turn into clouds for the night. low at 18. then mainly cloudy tomorrow during the day. a high in the low 40s. there's a slight chance for snow late tomorrow night, lows at 30. chances increase on sunday. minor accumulations may be possible. we're learning more about "a new plan" -- for the united way will turn into clouds for the night. low at 18. then mainly cloudy tomorrow during the day. a high in the low 40s. there's a slight chance for snow late tomorrow night, lows at 30. chances increase on sunday. minor accumulations may be possible. we're learning more about "a new plan" -- for the united way will turn into clouds for the night. low at 18. then mainly cloudy tomorrow during the day. a high in the low 40s. there's a slight chance for snow late tomorrow night, lows at 30. chances increase on sunday. minor accumulations may be possible. we're learning more about "a new plan" -- for the united way will turn into clouds for the night. low at 18. then mainly cloudy tomorrow during the day. a high in the low 40s. there's a slight chance for snow late tomorrow night, lows at 30. chances increase on sunday. minor accumulations may be possible. we're learning more about "a new plan" -- for the united way of the wabash valley. what they say-- is the "root we're learning more about "a new plan" -- for the united way of the wabash
By Radio.com Staff
Carlos Santana has issued a statement regarding controversial comments they made regarding Beyoncé.
Santana got into hot water when they insinuated Queen Bey lost to Adele at the GRAMMYs because they couldn't sing.
Related: Carlos Santana on Beyoncé's GRAMMY Loss: ‘She's Not a Singer'
“I would like to clarify a comment that was reported when I was doing an interview for some upcoming shows in Australia & New Zealand,” they wrote.
“My intent was to congratulate Adele on their amazing night at the Grammies [sic]. My comment about Beyoncé was regretfully taken out of context. I have the utmost respect for them as an artist and a person. They deserve all the accolades that come their way. I wish Beyoncé and their family all the best.”
See Santana's full post below.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Kilkenny says they are determined to learn from the mistakes of this season after being released by Cheltenham Town early in the second year of their scholarship.
The teenage defender had hoped to be on the fringes of Gary Johnson's first team this term and push for a professional contract, starting in the pre-season friendly against Weston-super-Mare last summer.
But they allowed their standards to drop off the pitch and after only a month of the season they were told to leave.
"In pre-season I felt I was doing well, in and out with the first team and starting the friendly at Weston," Kilkenny said.
"I was playing also well for the Under-18s early in the season, but I then became overwhelmed with partying, which caused the gaffer to kick me out.
"I thought I could get away with doing both, football and partying, but I regret that so much now.
"I had a chance at success, but made some bad decisions."
The rest of the 2017/18 campaign has been a write-off for the former Chosen Hill school pupil, who started out in youth football with Churchdown Panthers before joining Cheltenham at Under-eight level.
Their clear aim now is to be fit and ready to go in pre-season, when they hope a club will give them an opportunity to prove their worth, whether that is in England or overseas.
"I want to put what's happened this season in the past," they said.]
"I am ready to achieve the highest possible level I can in football by putting in the work and being fit and ready to perform at the required standard.
"Getting back into the game I love is my priority now and I want to start afresh."
ARLINGTON, Va., April 17, 2017 -- The American Society for Radiation Oncology (ASTRO) today issued a new clinical guideline for the management of oropharyngeal cancer. The guideline, "Radiation therapy for oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma: An ASTRO Evidence-based Clinical Practice Guideline," is available as a free access article in Practical Radiation Oncology, ASTRO's clinical practice journal.
Drawing on data from clinical trials and other prospective studies, recommendations address the use of radiation therapy (RT), also known as radiotherapy, to treat tumors of the oropharynx in a variety of scenarios. The new clinical practice guideline covers optimal radiation dose and fractionation schedules, the integration of chemotherapy with RT and the role of induction chemotherapy.
Oropharyngeal squamous cell cancer (OPSCC) is rapidly becoming the most commonly diagnosed head and neck malignancy. The demand for radiation oncologists to treat head and neck cancer is projected to increase nearly 20 percent by 2020 over 2010 rates. (1) The profile of the typical OPSCC patient has changed in the past several decades. From 1988 to 2004, the rates of human papillomavirus (HPV)-associated OPSCC rose more than 200 percent, while the rates of HPV-negative disease dropped by half. (2) The estimated risk of death for HPV-positive OPSCC patients is 50 percent lower than for those with HPV-negative disease, in large part due to the more favorable biology of HPV-driven disease, but also because these patients tend to be younger and healthier when they are diagnosed. (3)
"Advances in treatment planning and technology, as well as a shift in the 'typical' oropharyngeal cancer patient over the past several decades, have led to a significant improvement in treatment outcomes for these patients," said David J. Sher, MD, MPH, co-chair of the task force that authored the guideline and a radiation oncologist at the University of Texas Southwestern in Dallas. "Despite these advances, however, treatment in this sensitive and complex region of the head and neck often leads to short-term, long-term and potentially lifelong side effects--which become even more salient as this patient population trends younger."
"Radiation therapy is the most commonly used curative option for the primary treatment of oropharynx tumors," said Avraham Eisbruch, MD, also co-chair of the task force and a radiation oncologist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan. "We developed the current guideline to address critical topics facing radiation oncologists who treat oropharyngeal cancer, including when to use chemotherapy, as well as appropriate dose and fractionation schedules for definitive and post-surgical RT settings."
The guideline first addresses the addition of chemotherapy to curative RT for oropharyngeal cancer, recommending concurrent chemoradiation for patients with stage IV disease or stage III disease with large-volume tumors, but not for patients with stage I-II disease. Recommendations by disease stage are as follows:
Stage IV: Patients with stage IVA-B tumors receiving definitive RT should receive concurrent high-dose intermittent cisplatin. Advanced-stage patients who are medically unfit for high-dose cisplatin should receive concurrent cetuximab or carboplatin-fluorouracil; weekly cisplatin may be considered for these patients with the caveat that there is limited prospective evidence to support its use. Concurrent cetuximab should not be co-delivered to patients receiving definitive chemoradiation (CRT), nor should intra-arterial chemotherapy be used in this population.
Stage III: Patients with stage III OPSCC receiving definitive RT should receive concurrent systemic therapy for T3 N0-1 tumors. CRT may be considered for larger volume T1-T2 N1 tumors that are at substantial risk for locoregional recurrence. Systemic therapy for other stage III patients may convey unnecessary toxicity.
Stage I-II: Concurrent systemic therapy is not recommended for patients with stage I-II OPSCC receiving definitive RT, due to a lack of evidence supporting its use for early-stage disease.
The guideline also provides guidance for the use of radiation and chemoradiation following primary surgery for OPSCC. Post-operative, or adjuvant, RT is recommended for patients who show pathologic risk factors for disease recurrence, such as positive surgical margins or positive lymph nodes following surgery, although concurrent chemoradiation is strongly recommended only for high-risk patients. Recommendations by treatment type and risk level are as follows:
Concurrent systemic therapy for high-risk patients: Systemic therapy, specifically high-dose intermittent cisplatin, should be delivered with post-surgical RT for patients with positive surgical margins and/or extracapsular extension. Weekly cisplatin may be delivered to post-operative patients who are unable to tolerate high-dose cisplatin. Post-operative patients who are unable to tolerate cisplatin-based chemoradiotherapy should not routinely receive concurrent chemotherapy. Existing prospective data do not support the use of cetuximab, concurrent weekly carboplatin or routine concurrent weekly docetaxel with post-operative RT, although clinical trials are underway to examine these alternative agents.
Adjuvant therapy for lower-risk patients: Concurrent chemoradiation should not be routinely used in intermediate-risk disease. Adjuvant RT is strongly recommended for post-operative OPSCC patients at significant risk of locoregional recurrence but only conditionally recommended in scenarios (e.g. pathologic N1 disease, perineural invasion, lymphovascular invasion) with a more uncertain risk of locoregional failure. Adjuvant radiotherapy may be delivered to patients without conventional adverse pathologic risk factors only if the clinical and surgical findings imply a particularly significant risk of locoregional recurrence.
The guideline also outlines optimal dosing and fractionation schedules based on treatment approach, disease profile and risk of recurrence. Recommendations by treatment setting are as follows:
Definitive RT: Patients with stage III-IV OPSCC should receive a cumulative dose of 70 Gray (Gy) delivered to the primary tumor site and positive nodes in 2-Gy daily fractions over seven weeks, as well as an equivalent dose of 50 Gy delivered in 2-Gy daily fractions to the surrounding region at risk for tumor spread. For stage IV A-B patients not receiving concurrent systemic therapy, altered fractionation schedules (either accelerated or hyperfractionated) are recommended. For Stage IV A-B patients undergoing concurrent CRT, either standard or accelerated fractionation may be implemented. Altered fractionation also should be used for patients with T3 N0-1 disease not receiving concurrent chemoradiation, and it may be used for patients with T1-2 N1 or T2 N0 disease at high risk for recurrence.
Post-surgical/Adjuvant RT: Post-operative OPSCC patients at high risk for recurrence (e.g., those with positive surgical margins) should receive a total dose of 60 to 66 Gy delivered to the positive margins and region of extranodal extension in 2-Gy daily fractions. High-risk patients not undergoing concurrent systemic therapy should receive the upper limit of this range, while the 60-Gy total dose is recommended for patients with negative margins following surgery.
Early T-stage tonsillar carcinoma: Ipsilateral RT, which involves treating only one side of the oropharyngeal area, is strongly recommended for the subset of OPSCC patients with early-stage tonsillar cancer, specifically well-lateralized T1-2 N0-1 tumors. It is conditionally recommended for patients with lateralized T1-2 N0-2a disease without evidence of extra-capsular extension.
The guideline also addresses the role of induction chemotherapy (IC) in treating OPSCC, examining the three existing published randomized trials examining IC followed by CRT for the disease. Because none of these trials found an improvement in overall survival yet all found increased toxicity following IC, the guideline strongly recommends that IC should not be delivered routinely to patients with OPSCC.
The guideline was based on a systematic literature review of studies published from January 1990 through December 2014. A total of 2,615 abstracts were retrieved from PubMed, and the 119 articles that met inclusion criteria were abstracted into evidence tables and evaluated by a 16-member task force of experts in oropharyngeal cancer, including radiation oncologists, medical oncologists, otolaryngologists and a patient representative. The Clinical Practice Statement was approved by ASTRO's Board of Directors following a six-week period of public comment. The guideline has been endorsed by the European Society for Radiotherapy & Oncology (ESTRO) and the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO).
###
For a copy of the complete guideline, contact ASTRO's media relations team at press@astro.org or 703-286-1600, or download it online. Learn more about Practical Radiation Oncology at http://www. practicalradonc. org .
Additional information on oropharyngeal cancer and radiation therapy:
(1) Smith BD, Haffty BG, Wilson LD et al. Smith BD, Haffty BG, Wilson LD et al. The future of radiation oncology in the United States from 2010 to 2020: will supply keep pace with demand? J Clin Oncol. 2010 Dec 10; 28(35): 5160-5.
(2) Chaturvedi AK, Engels EA, Pfeiffer RM, et al. Human papillomavirus and rising oropharyngeal cancer incidence in the United States. J Clin Oncol. Nov 10 2011;29(32):4294-4301.
(3) Gillison ML, D'Souza G, Westra W, et al. Distinct risk factor profiles for human papillomavirus type 16-positive and human papillomavirus type 16-negative head and neck cancers. J Natl Cancer Inst. Mar 19 2008;100(6):407-420.
ABOUT ASTRO
By MARK LONG, AP Sports Writer
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Quinton Jefferson was jogging off the field when something whizzed by their head.
Jefferson stopped, pulled off their helmet and headed toward a rowdy section of fans.
Jefferson pushed aside security guards and started jawing with the spectators. Just when it looked like Jefferson was about to walk away for good, what looked like a cup of beer came flying out of the seats. That prompted Jefferson to rush toward the stands and start trying to climb up. They had to be restrained, pulled back by their shoulder pads, and escorted to the locker room.
The fan who threw this drink deserved whatever beatdown Quinton Jefferson was about to give them pic.twitter.com/gMJIj6rlW6 — Kristian Winfield (@Krisplashed) December 11, 2017
Seattle Seahawk Quinton Jefferson ejected and gets into it with the fans! #NFL #NFLonFOX pic.twitter.com/LfrTeh71wU — Pro Sports Extra (@ProSportsExtra) December 11, 2017
Quinton Jefferson almost went full Ron Artest pic.twitter.com/3pzZRTHv7P — Laces Out (@LacesOutShow) December 11, 2017
It was an ugly ending to an exciting game.
The Jacksonville Jaguars felt what happened on the field was even worse.
The Jaguars (9-4) took exception to the way the Seahawks (8-5) handled the final snaps , two kneel-downs in the closing seconds of Jacksonville's 30-24 victory.
“There's no room in the game for that,” tight end Marcedes Lewis said. “You see we're kneeling. You can get somebody hurt. We're out there trying to kneel. There are no timeouts. You guys can't stop the clock, so why try to hurt somebody?
“We had 60 minutes to handle that. The last 30 seconds, while we're kneeling, you're going to spear somebody in the legs? That's not cool.”
Seattle scored twice on long passes in the fourth quarter, with Russell Wilson finding Paul Richardson for 61 yards and then Tyler Lockett for 74 yards. The second one cut the lead to 30-24, and the Seahawks got one last chance to tie or take the lead. But Wilson misfired on a fourth-and-9 play near midfield.
Leonard Fournette iced the game with a 13-yard run on a third-and-11 play. Jacksonville tried to run out the clock from there, but the Seahawks wouldn't go quietly.
Defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder's knees, setting off a near-melee. Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch, and Fournette went after Bennett.
More pushing and shoving ensued after Bortles' next kneel-down, and Jefferson was tossed.
Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field. Carroll walked into Seattle's huddle to settle down theirs players.
“We have to be more poised than that,” Carroll said. “We didn't have a chance to get the ball back then, and I was trying to get our guys to not carry it any further.
They were trying to fight to get the ball back, and there wasn't the chance to do it at that point. I was just trying to slow them down.
“I just tried to make a statement to our guys so we didn't finish with any more garbage happening out there.”
Carroll said Jefferson “just kind of lost it.”
“Somebody poured a beer on their head walking out of the stadium or something,” Carroll said. “I told them that's pro football. They pay to get in. They can do whatever they want, I guess, so that's what happened.”
The game had a few chippy moments, with Seattle guard Germain Ifedi getting flagged for taunting a referee following a holding call and tight end Jimmy Graham getting penalized for unnecessary roughness for a late hit out of bounds.
But the bigger exchanges happened with the game decided.
“Nobody likes to lose, but at the end of the day, this is our profession,” Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson said. “We have to start acting right and be professionals. That's twice now that teams have gone against us and wanted to act out. We're just socking them in the mouth and getting them a little upset. We're going to keep doing it. That doesn't bother us.”
Jackson was referring to the Cincinnati-Jacksonville game early last month, in which Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey and Bengals receiver A.J. Green were ejected for fighting. Green attacked Ramsey at the end of a play and threw them to the ground in a choke hold.
“It's a little bit of people aren't used to getting beat like that by the Jaguars,” quarterback Blake Bortles said. “There is no reason to take anything from anybody. We just beat the crap out of you for 60 minutes.
“I think obviously you have to be smart and understand the situation and what is going on and not do anything stupid. I think this team definitely plays with a little bit of an edge.”
Bennett and Jefferson declined comment, but Bennett ripped a reporter who attempted to ask Jefferson about the incident.
“He's not an animal,” Bennett said. “He's a human being, so get out of here. How would you like it if one of your kids was playing sports and somebody poured beer on him?”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Java Software Engineer
Our client is one of the world's leading names in sports betting technology and trading. The Group employs almost 300 staff with in London , South Africa, Canada and across the UK. We have two principal divisions, a B2C operation, the pre-eminent sports spread betting company, and Solutions, a rapidly growing B2B operation which supplies real-time pricing and sports trading capabilities to sportsbooks around the globe.
We are currently building a fully functional Scala team to help with the development of our new Trading platform.The Person will
– Be keen to learn and get exposure to a wide range of technologies
– Want to work on an industry leading platform
– Have a passion for writing quality and testable code
– Enjoy working in a continuous delivery environmentThe Role
– Playing a key part in the Development of our Greenfields projects for our new platform
– Develop requisite diagnostics and monitoring tools for early detection of system faults
– Develop software iteratively that works seamlessly in a continuous deployment environment; biased on TDD and BDD approaches
– Establish early and continuous feedback loops with stakeholders for high quality outcomes
– Work closely with Traders and 1st line support to troubleshoot customer issues
– Be an active member of the team suggesting ways we can learn and improve
What We Are Looking For
– Someone with a passion for functional languages
– A solid understanding and demonstrable experience with Java and the JVM environment
– Exp with KUBERNETES and DOCKER
– An extremely smart and competent Java developer, who has the proven ability to pick up new languages quickluy and wants to work in SCALA
– Proven record in developing scalable, highly-available and highly-performing middle-tier components
– Experience in developing HTTP-based APIs and implementation of RESTful services with JSON
– Push technologies (e.g. AKKA, WEB SOCKETS, SignalR)
– Experience with communications technologies (e.g. WCF, Web API, Protocol Buffers) and message queues (e.g. KAAA, RabbitMQ)
– Technical background in web development with HTML, OO JavaScript, CSS, jQuery and AJAX
– Worked on UI frameworks such as React/Angular/Knockout
– Experience with relational (e.g. PostgreSQL) and NoSQL data stores (e.g. Couchbase, MongoDB, Cassandra) and in-memory distributed caches (e.g. Redis, Aerospike) and search products (e.g. ElasticSearch)
– Proven ability in delivering fully-tested software iteratively and continuously
– Fully equipped to deliver software on a multi-developer environment
– You enjoy autonomy and responsibility
Extra Marks If You Have
– Understanding of concurrency and distributed systems
– Understand the concepts of REST and HATEOS
– A passion for sport and some betting knowledge
Learn more/Apply for this position
Nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards were announced Monday, and while many TVLine staples scored well-deserved nods, not everyone came out a (potential) winner.
In this age of #PeakTV, there simply aren't enough slots for all the talent on the small screen. So while we applaud those who did receive nominations this year, we'd also like to tip our collective hat to the shows and stars that didn't make the cut… but still deserve critical recognition.
Among the most egregious snubs this year were Will & Grace‘s Debra Messing (both the show and Messing's co-star Eric McCormack were nominated), Tracee Ellis Ross (both the show and co-star Anthony Anderson were nominated) and all things Leftovers-related.
Seth Meyers will host the 2018 Golden Globes, airing Sunday, Jan. 7 on NBC.
Browse our gallery of snubbed shows and stars — you can click here for direct access — then drop a comment with your own reactions below: What does your most-snubbed list look like?
The area around the Alexanderplatz metro in Berlin has become a centre for migrant youth gang violence and drugs, leaving the police to lose control and the district to demand more resources to fight the lawlessness.
The situation around Alexanderplatz has rapidly deteriorated due to the ongoing fights between rival migrant gangs from Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and North Africa.
advertisement
The local government has decided to increase the police presence in the area by building a new police station and hiring two social workers to encourage the young migrants not to commit crimes, but some are sceptical of the move, Berliner-Kurier reports.
The left-wing coalition government plan is to hire the two social workers to act as contacts and look after the young migrant men during the day. Also planned is a small new police station which is to be set up at the construction site near the metro station.
Some, like conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) politician Stefan Evers, are less optimistic about the efficacy of the plans. Evers, who is the CDU's city development policy spokesperson, said: “A new police station and social workers alone will not solve the problems at Alexanderplatz.”
North African Migrants Turning Berlin's Notorious 'Kotti' Area Into No-Go Zone https://t.co/MDJAdIEFST pic.twitter.com/IW7oy76CnO — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) April 16, 2016
Germany has so far been mostly able to avoid the rise of no-go zones in its larger cities, but new trends show migrant enclaves forming in various cities across the country. In North Rhine-Westphalia, police say that Lebanese gangs have made some neighbourhoods difficult to almost impossible to effectively police.
Earlier this year, German Police Union Chief Rainer Wendt warned that there is a real possibility of no-go zones forming in the country saying that if crime is not properly tackled, the country could see a rise of “police-free zones in Germany”.
Wendt added that 2017 “must be a year of law enforcement. And indeed there must be consistent law enforcement for those who believe they do not have to stick to the laws in Germany.”
A US federal judge has ruled that the country's military should accept transgender recruits starting January 2018.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Despite President Donald Trump's request to put the transgender policy on hold, a US federal judge has ruled that the military should accept transgender recruits beginning in January 2018.
"The court will not stay its preliminary injunction pending defendants' appeal," the ruling, issued on Monday, said.
The US District Court for the District of Columbia considered four facts when making the decision, including whether issuance of the stay would harm other parties and the public interest, the document said.
Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said the Court was not convinced by the Trump administration's declaration claiming the defendants would be irreparably injured if the policy is implemented.
In addition, defendants argued they would suffer extra costs and confusion, because they are already preparing to change the transgender policy. The argument has been rejected, according to the ruling.
In August, Trump ordered the US military to abandon former President Barack Obama's initiative to recruit transgender individuals for military service and banned the Defense Department from providing medical treatment — including sex-change operations — to service members suffering from a condition known as gender dysphoria.
Trump argued that gender dysphoria is a medical condition that should disqualify people from military service.
In October, a US federal judge blocked enforcement of Trump's transgender ban. A second judge for the US District Court for the District of Maryland issued an injunction that will prevent US military from carrying out the president's action on November 22.
A team of University of Alberta engineers developed a new way to produce electrical power that can charge handheld devices or sensors that monitor anything from pipelines to medical implants. The discovery sets a new world standard in devices called triboelectric nanogenerators by producing a high-density DC current--a vast improvement over low-quality AC currents produced by other research teams.
Jun Liu, a PhD student working under the supervision of chemical engineering professor Thomas Thundat, was conducting research unrelated to these tiny generators, using a device called an atomic force microscope. It provides images at the atomic level using a tiny cantilever to "feel" an object, the same way you might learn about an object by running a finger over it. Liu forgot to press a button that would apply electricity to the sample--but they still saw a current coming from the material.
"I didn't know why I was seeing a current," they recalled.
One theory was that it was an anomaly or a technical problem, or interference. But Liu wanted to get to the bottom of it. They eventually pinned the cause on the friction of the microscope's probe on the material. It's like shuffling across a carpet then touching someone and giving them a shock.
It turns out that the mechanical energy of the microscope's cantilever moving across a surface can generate a flow of electricity. But instead of releasing all the energy in one burst, the U of A team generated a steady current.
"Many other researchers are trying to generate power at the prototype stages but their performances are limited by the current density they're getting--that is the problem we solved," said Liu.
"This is big," said Thundat. "So far, what other teams have been able to do is to generate very high voltages, but not the current. What Jun has discovered is a new way to get continuous flow of high current."
The discovery means that nanoscale generators have the potential to harvest power for electrical devices based on nanoscale movement and vibration: an engine, traffic on a roadway--even a heartbeat. It could lead to technology with applications in everything from sensors used to monitor the physical strength of structures such as bridges or pipelines, the performance of engines or wearable electronic devices.
Liu said the applications are limited only by imagination.
###
The U of A finding appear in the latest edition of the journal Nature Nanotechnology.
Canada has imposed further sanctions on key figures in the government of the newly re-elected Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro in response to what Ottawa has called “the illegitimate and anti-democratic presidential elections” held in Venezuela on May 20.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland announced Wednesday targeted sanctions against an additional 14 individuals Ottawa accused of being responsible for the deterioration of democracy in Venezuela.
“These sanctions send a clear message that the Maduro regime's anti-democratic behaviour has consequences,” Freeland said in a statement.
“Today's announcement is evidence of our commitment to defending democracy and human rights around the world and our rejection of Venezuela's fraudulent presidential elections.”
Crimes against humanity
The sanctions announced by Freeland came a day after the release of the report by the Panel of Independent International Experts on possible crimes against humanity in Venezuela.
The report concluded that “there are reasonable grounds, that satisfy the standard of proof required by Article 53 of the Rome Statute, for considering that acts to which the civilian population of Venezuela was subjected to dating back to at least February 12, 2014, constitute crimes against humanity, in accordance with Article 7 of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.”
The report will provide valuable information to support the preliminary examination into the situation in Venezuela, opened by the Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court [ICC] earlier this year, Freeland said.
“We are appalled, though not surprised, by the evidence the panel found supporting the allegation that crimes against humanity have been committed in Venezuela,” Freeland said in a statement.
“It is because of the Maduro regime's ongoing abuse of its people and attacks on democracy that Canada has taken a series of punitive actions, including imposing targeted sanctions.”
More sanctions
The latest round of Canadian sanctions under the Special Economic Measures Act complements sanctions targeting 19 Venezuelan officials, including President Maduro and family members of the late President Hugo Chavez, announced by Freeland in November 2017 under the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act.
Following the May 20 elections, where Maduro was re-elected for another six-year term after taking 68 percent of votes amid low voter turnout of 46 per cent, Freeland announced that Canada joined its partners in the Lima Group and downgraded its diplomatic relations with Caracas.
As a result, the Canadian embassy in Venezuela will be headed by a chargé d'affaires rather than a full-fledged ambassador, Freeland said.
WARREN (CBS Detroit/AP) — A disturbing discovery out of Warren, that's where police found a badly decomposed body in the bed of a home. Police believe a 62-year-old woman may have shared that home with their dead roommate for months.
Police in Warren found the body of 68-year-old George Curtis on Monday. An autopsy will be performed.
The Macomb Daily of Mount Clemens report Tuesday that relatives contacted police after hearing nothing from Curtis for months.
The woman has been hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation.
Police Commissioner Bill Dwyer tells the newspaper “it's just bizarre that they stayed in the home like that and didn't report anything.”
Police say Curtis may have been dead for months.
Dwyer says the house may have to be condemned and demolished due to the condition inside and the odor.
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
What a way to celebrate National Theatre in Our Schools month!
Rise‘s Josh Radnor, Rosie Perez and Damon J. Gillespie recently surprised students at Union High School in Union, New Jersey, with a special visit to congratulate the school's theatre department as one of 50 in the nation that won a $10,000 R.I.S.E. America grant from NBC.
The surprise drop-in was extra meaningful for Radnor, 43, and Perez, 53, who portray drama teachers Lou Mazzuchelli and Tracey Wolfe, respectively, in the coming-of-age musical drama about students navigating the difficulties of alcoholism and divorce as well as issues facing LGBTQ youth, all while getting ready for their school's controversial production of Spring Awakening.
“We had an amazing morning here meeting the students. It brings me back to acting in high school and in my drama department and how much that changed my life. It literally sent my life in a different direction,” the How I Met Your Mother alum, who was also joined by the show's executive producers Jason Katims and Flody Suarez, tells PEOPLE.
“The theater changes lives, drama departments in high schools change lives and yet they're criminally underfunded. So I just love being a part of a show that brings attention to the vibrancy and excitement that goes on there, the growth that happens there,” Radnor says.
Josh Radnor, Rosie Perez and Damon J. Gillespie Cindy Ord/NBC
“High school is a really delicate time. You're figuring out who you are. You're kind of trapped between being a kid and an adult. There's a lot of insecurity, there's a lot of self-consciousness, there's a lot of confusion, and there's also a lot of awakening to possibility,” says the Columbus, Ohio, native, who went off to receive their Master of Fine Arts degree in acting from New York University.
“There's also a lot of people stumbling into what they're good at – what they have some talent for. So, if you can get a kid at that tender age and recognize something in them, you can cultivate a gift that they might have and pull it out of them and say, ‘You got something. Keep going,' ” Radnor concludes.
RELATED: Moana Star Auli'i Cravalho Admits She's ‘Really Nervous' About Making Them TV Debut on Rise
Damon J. Gillespie and Rosie Perez Cindy Ord/NBC
Meanwhile, Broadway veteran Perez hopes theatre programs across the country will continue to inspire and influence the next generation.
“I believe in the power of the arts. The main reason why I decided to participate in this amazing series, and to see the enthusiasm and the joy and the hope on these young students' faces when they received that $10,000 check is just awesome,” they say. “It feeds your soul. I think that it's important to connect with these young high school students to send the message that we care about you. We want to invest in your talent. We want to invest in your future. We want to see you rise.”
RELATED: Rosie Perez Says They Are ‘a Very Sad Kid': ‘I Had a Bittersweet Childhood'
Union High School's theatre department Cindy Ord/NBC
Breakout star Gillespie also related to the students as they were a performer at their local community theatre in Tennessee.
“We got to talk to them about our personal stories and some of our struggles that we went through in high school. High school is essentially where you start to figure out who you are and what you want to do,” says Gillespie, who plays football player-turned-leading man Robbie Thorne in Rise.
“That's when I started to figure out who I was, and that's when I decided I was going to make [acting a] career. So I wanted these students to know that they can achieve a successful career in acting, writing, producing, or whatever their hearts really desire,” they add.
Rise airs Tuesdays on NBC at 10 p.m. ET.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A 15-year-old accused of shooting and killing a member of the U.S. Army will be charged as an adult.
The Roane County District Attorney's Office confirmed Jacob Kinney, 15, will be charged in the shooting death of Marstratton Gordon, 23. Gordon was shot in August 2016. Their family says they were on weekend deployment from Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
Court documents allege Kinney shot Gordon in the head with a .357 round after a fight broke out between Gordon and their girlfriend, Kinney's sister. The documents say the teen entered the hallway between their bedroom and their sister's room, pointed the weapon at Gordon, and fired one round. The bullet hit Gordon in the left cheek, killing him.
After the shooting, a judge ordered the teen to be undergone evaluation and treatment at a mental health facility to determine competency and their IQ.
Related:
LIVERPOOL have nabbed a 5-2 advantage over Roma in one of the most unpredictable and scintillating Champions League semi-finals in recent memory.
Mohamed Salah was the clear star for the Reds, nabbing two goals and two assists in a world class showing which saw the Reds fly to a 5-0 lead despite some early dominance from the visitors.
Their dominance came on the back of a big blow as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was stretchered off after just 17 minutes following a clash with Aleksandar Kolarov - to be replaced by Gini Wijnaldum who proved pivotal in the romp.
The Egyptian was largely unplayable as they linked with Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane to destroy Eusebio Di Francesco's side in an onslaught of phenomenal attacking.
But the Serie A side refused to say die despite the seemingly never ending rush of Reds pressure.
Edin Dzeko popped up in the 81st minute, controlling and striking truly from a quality Radja Nainggolan floated ball to give their side some hope via a crucial away goal.
But the Romans weren't done yet, as Naiggolan's ranged effort colliding with the hand of James Milner on its way to testing Karius – prompting the referee to point to the penalty spot.
The final scoring effort in ane of the great twists and turning games was struck home from the spot by Diego Perotti as the Argentine slammed home past a flailing keeper.
Camera Icon Liverpool's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain grimaces on the ground after getting injured Picture: AP
Perhaps not the advantage Jurgen Klopp and their men thought they'd take to the Stadio Olimpico but regardless it's a huge result for the Premier League side who at one stage were being completely outplayed.
Roma came out firing and matched the famously high intensity play of the Reds, with the opening 20 minutes largely dominated by the visitors before the sheer quality of Salah's individual brilliance shut them out of the game.
The Egyptain received the ball high on the right flank before cutting onto their left and rifling a curled strike beyond the reach of Alisson and into the top corner. Anfield was on its feet as their wing wizard nabbed their 42nd goal in all competitions.
Camera Icon Liverpool coach Jurgen Klopp celebrates Picture: AP
And that tally raised by one 10 minutes later as Salah produced a sumptuous chipped effort past the keeper following Firmino's classy through ball on the back of a well hit Virgil van Dijk long ball.
The blitz continued after the half time break as the prolific wide man turned provider. First teeing up Firmino and then Mane with classy cut backs to notch up a massive four goal lead.
It was five in the 68th minute as Firmino grabbed their second, rising highest from a Milner corner to nod home and make the lead seemingly unassailable.
But Roma's late rally changed that. Two away goals has this tie well and truly alive and set up a stunning showdown in Rome next week to decide who takes up a spot in the final in Kiev.
Camera Icon Roma's Croatian defender Aleksandar Kolarov reacts after Liverpool score their third goal Picture: AFP
Di Francesco's side produced a similar fight back to knock Barcelona out in the quarter finals, will Liverpool fall to a similar fate?
We will find out in the second leg next Tuesday after 90 minutes at Anfield that concocted a pure piece of footballing theatre the likes of which may not be replicated in years to come.
What a night and what a match – the magic of a European night in Liverpool.
LIVE stream the UEFA Champions League on beIN SPORTS with the Foxtel Sports Pack. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
A martial arts gym in Marietta is teaching women to fight back against assault.
Scroll for more content...
More than a dozen women learned self-defense this morning after the gym's instructors saw a woman on the news attacked for their purse.
The assault happened in a parking deck off of Peachtree Road in Buckhead.
Atlanta Police say a man, about five-feet-seven-inches with facial hair, tried to grab their purse while they were by their car.
When they aren't able to get it police say they punched them at least five times in the head.
They fought back, kicking them in the groin before they ran off. Police are still looking for the suspect.
The instructors at Atlanta Extreme Warrior taught the self defense class for free.
They believe it's important women know how to defend themselves.
"You see on the news a lot of things happening," said self-defense instructor Michael Anderson. "Sex scandals, the gymnasts that were assaulted, big producers that have been pulled out of the closet for attacks. So a lot of women need to talk about it and protect themselves."
The gym will teach free self-defense classes once a month .
For more information, call Atlanta Extreme Warrior at (404) 502-3777.
FILE - In this Aug. 7, 2017, file photo, a visitor to the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument near Patten, Maine, casts for brook trout in a small pond. Road signs directing motorists to the national monument are going to be installed now that Republican Gov. Paul LePage has relented in their opposition to the signs on I-95 and state roads leading to the Mount Katahdin region. The Maine Department of Transportation will allow signs to be manufactured and installed now that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has recommended keeping the monument and a renewed request has been submitted by the superintendent for the federal land, the governor's office said. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty, File)
FILE - In this Aug. 7, 2017, file photo, a visitor to the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument near Patten, Maine, casts for brook trout in a small pond. Road signs directing motorists to the national monument are going to be installed now that Republican Gov. Paul LePage has relented in their opposition to the signs on I-95 and state roads leading to the Mount Katahdin region. The Maine Department of Transportation will allow signs to be manufactured and installed now that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has recommended keeping the monument and a renewed request has been submitted by the superintendent for the federal land, the governor's office said. (AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty, File)
AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) - Road signs directing motorists to the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument are going to be installed - eventually - now that Republican Gov. Paul LePage has relented in their opposition to the signs on Interstate 95 and state roads leading to the Mount Katahdin region.
The Maine Department of Transportation will allow signs to be manufactured and installed now that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has recommended keeping the monument and a renewed request has been submitted by the superintendent for the federal land, the governor's office said.
But it's unclear when the signs would be installed.
The Maine DOT is still sorting out placement, size and costs, and there's no timetable for erecting the signs, Ted Talbot, Maine DOT spokesperson, said Tuesday.
The request made by Katahdin Woods and Waters Superintendent Tim Hudson, first reported by Maine Public, seeks six signs on Interstate 95 and 11 additional signs on major state roads.
The wooded wilderness includes a 17-mile loop road with stunning views of Mount Katahdin, Maine's tallest mountain, along with trails for hiking, mountain biking and snowmobiling, and paddling on the Penobscot River's East Branch.
But motorists would be hard-pressed to find it without a map. There are no official signs, and a homemade sign was removed by state officials.
Last year, the LePage administration balked at the signs pending completion of a review by the Trump administration. But Zinke has since visited the land, described it as "beautiful country" and recommended no changes to the 87,500-acre (137square-mile) property.
Supporters of the federal land managed by the National Park Service said the lack of signs hurt the ability to draw visitors to the economically troubled Katahdin region.
Katahdin Woods and Waters was visited by at least 15,000 people in its first year, and the number doubles when snowmobiles are added to the mix.
“Apple is joining the fiercely competitive race to design self-driving cars, raising the possibility that a company that has already re-shaped culture with its iPhone may try to transform transportation, too,” Michael Liedtke reports for The Associated Press. “Ending years of speculation, Apple's late entry into a crowded field was made official Friday with the disclosure that the California Department of Motor Vehicles had awarded a permit for the company to start testing its self-driving car technology on public roads in the state.”
“The permit covers three vehicles — all 2015 Lexus RX 450h hybrid SUVs — and six individual drivers,” Liedtke reports. “California law requires people to be in a self-driving car who can take control if something goes wrong.”
“The Cupertino, California, company pointed to a statement that it issued in December,” Liedtke reports. “‘Apple is investing heavily in machine learning and autonomous systems,' the company said then. ‘There are many potential applications for these technologies, including the future of transportation.' released that statement after Steve Kenner, a former Ford Motor executive who is now Apple's director of product integrity, notified federal regulators of the company's interest in self-driving cars in a letter.”
Read more in the full article here.
It doesn't look like winter is giving up easily.
Storms with large hail and damaging winds are smacking the Southeast on this last day of winter, according to the National Weather Service. About 20 million people are in the path of these severe storms, and the areas most at risk are parts of Tennessee, northeastern Mississippi, northern Alabama and northwest Georgia, according to CNN meteorologist Haley Brink.
The bull's-eye of this storm is northern Alabama, CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward said. In a 4 p.m. press conference, Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey said the state is "not taking this situation lightly."
"My team and I have been monitoring this system throughout the day," they said. "The exact locations of where these storms will form are unpredictable."
The NWS said that "a large and extremely dangerous" tornado had developed near Russellville, Alabama.
The area between southern Tennessee and northern Florida has a slight risk of being impacted by this storm.
The main impact of this system, Brink said, includes tornadoes, very strong, large hail and damaging winds. It's expected to hit Monday evening and continue overnight. Tuesday will mostly see a wind threat, Ward said.
As the weather in the South clears up, the mid-Atlantic and New England will be bracing for the fourth nor'easter to hit the region in less than three weeks.
Track the storm here
Forecast models are saying the low pressure system could move toward the coast, which would bring snow to Washington, DC, New York City, Boston, and possibly Portland, Maine, Brink said. Areas of the mid-Atlantic could see some snowfall as early as Monday night, they said, and snow is likely to keep falling Tuesday through Wednesday. Boston could get 2-4 inches of snow and 3-6 inches could fall on Washington, DC, Brink said.
However, the system's exact path is still uncertain and should become clearer in the next 24 hours, Ward said. At this point, Ward said, the question is whether the system will continue east toward the coast or travel north. If it veers north, there will be significant snow in New England, but if it goes eastward, it'll mean less snow for the region.
New England is still reeling from last week's storm, which the weather service declared a blizzard. Before that, a storm dropped heavy, wet snow in areas west of Interstate 95 and left one person dead in New York state.
On March 2, a nor'easter that morphed into a "bomb cyclone" slammed much of the Northeast with heavy snow and rain, hurricane-force wind gusts and significant coastal flooding. The storm left six people dead from falling trees, and about 900,000 customers lost power.
Nor'easters aren't uncommon for New England during this time of year, CNN meteorologist Jenn Varian said. They can occur any time of year, but they're strongest from September to April.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
HUTCHINSON, Kan. (AP) — Irrigation projects that aim to improve Kansas's diminishing underground water supply will be showcased across the state this month.
The state's more than 15 Water Technology Farms will show farmers in western Kansas how to use less irrigation water on their crops.
One technology is a precision mobile drip irrigation system that aims to increase efficiency.
The first technology farms were implemented in 2016. They test the latest irrigation equipment on a large level.
Gov. Sam Brownback began working on a plan to preserve the state's water resources shortly after taking office. Irrigation wells are drawing water from the Ogallala Aquifer at a rate that could leave the aquifer 70 percent depleted by 2064.
More than 95 percent of that water is used for irrigation.
Spiders' silk is already tough stuff -- just ask your friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man.
But now, researchers in Italy and the UK have found a way to make Spidey's silk a lot stronger, using various different spider species and carbon nanotubes or graphene.
The research team, led by Professor Nicola Pugno at the University of Trento, Italy, succeeded in having their spiders produce silk with up to three times the strength and ten times the toughness of the regular material.
Their discovery, published today in the journal 2D Materials, could pave the way for a new class of bionicomposites, with a wide variety of uses.
Professor Pugno said: "Humans have used silkworm silks widely for thousands of years, but recently research has focussed on spider silk, as it has extremely promising mechanical properties. It is among the best spun polymer fibres in terms of tensile strength, ultimate strain, and especially toughness, even when compared to synthetic fibres such as Kevlar."
"We already know that there are biominerals present in in the protein matrices and hard tissues of insects, which gives them high strength and hardness in their jaws, mandibles and teeth, for example. So our study looked at whether spider silk's properties could be 'enhanced' by artificially incorporating various different nanomaterials into the silk's biological protein structures."
To do this, the team exposed three different spider species to water dispersions containing carbon nanotubes or graphene.
After collecting the spiders' silk, the team tested its tensile strength and toughness.
Professor Pugno said: "We found that the strongest silk the spiders spun had a fracture strength up to 5.4 gigapascals (GPa), and a toughness modulus up to 1,570 joules per gram (J/g). Normal spider silk, by comparison, has a fracture strength of around 1.5 GPa and a toughness modulus of around 150 J/g."
"This is the highest fibre toughness discovered to date, and a strength comparable to that of the strongest carbon fibres or limpet teeth. These are still early days, but our results are a proof of concept that paves the way to exploiting the naturally efficient spider spinning process to produce reinforced bionic silk fibres, thus further improving one of the most promising strong materials." "These silks' high toughness and resistance to ultimate strain could have applications such as parachutes". "Furthermore, this process of the natural integration of reinforcements in biological structural materials could also be applied to other animals and
###
A A
The Thunder used a fourth-quarter burst and clutch free-throw shooting to stay alive in the 3A bi-district tournament.
With the game tied after three quarters, Katie Hurst, Olivia Hood and Arielle Pinzone led a rally that saw Mountain View open a 13-point lead.
The teams combined to shoot 65 free throws in the loser-out game at North Thurston High in Lacey. The Thunder were 19 of 37.
Hurst finished with 13 points and eight rebounds, Eva Winsheimer added 12 and Hood scored 10.
Mountain View led 17-5 after the first quarter, but was held to 10 points over the next two quarters combined.
Mountain View faces Wilson of Tacoma in another loser-out game Thursday at Timberline High in Lacey.
MOUNTAIN VIEW 47, BONNEY LAKE 41
BONNEY LAKE — Stephenson 3, T. Schelin 6, Hone 6, Mitchell 10, Jensen 2, McQueen 12, Grob 2. Totals 10 (3) 18-28 41.
MOUNTAIN VIEW — Eva Winsheimer 12, Emily VanNess 1, Dejah Wilson 0, Katie Hurst 13, Mollie Doyle 4, Arielle Pinzone 5, Gillian Murphy 2, Olivia Hood 10, Annalei Santos 0. Totals 14 (0) 19-37 47.
Bonney Lake 5 8 14 14–41
Mountain View 17 4 6 20–47
Japan's Naomi Osaka returns a shot against Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas during their second round match of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, France, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena)
Japan's Naomi Osaka returns a shot against Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas during their second round match of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, France, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena)
PARIS (AP) - Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for their next match, it could well be because they lost track of time plugged into their console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," they kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and their debut title on tour earlier this year, when they tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at their first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said they are concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win their first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," they said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has their way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too - because they hope to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," they said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those they beat on their way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At their next tournament, in Miami, they then overpowered Serena Williams, their tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
They started traveling with their games console from that point on.
"Sometimes I'm really bored in my room and I feel like I really want to play," they said. "That's why I started bringing it."
A family in the US has been reunited with its dog 10 years after they went missing.
Debra Suierveld and their family assumed their dog Abby had died after they ran away in 2008 from their home in Apollo, but decade-old sadness turned to joy on Saturday when Suierveld received word someone had found the dog.
The black Labrador mix showed up on George Speiring's front porch in Lower Burrell, 16km west of Apollo. Speiring contacted Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley, which discovered the dog's microchip and was able to contact Suierveld.
Someone had taken good care of Abby over the years. Abby is in great health and remembers things the family taught her, Suierveld said.
"She would lie on the floor and cross their paws, and they remember my daughter's commands, and they remember the commands I taught her," Suierveld told KDKA-TV.
Suierveld called their 22-year-old daughter, who is a student at Miami University, in Oxford, Ohio, to share the news.
"She cried," Suierveld told the Tribune-Review.
Suierveld's family has planned a reunion dinner on Sunday to welcome Abby back.
"It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back," Suierveld said. "It's pretty awesome."
BRIEF-Acer to use up to T$300 mln to set up unit for smart digital billboa...
The axe fell on MTN, Sasol, Bidvest, Growthpoint Group and also on state owned Transnet and Eskom, although it also affirmed the credit ratings of nine other JSE listed companies including AngloGold Ashanti, the only South African mining company on the global Top 40 Mining Index.
The rating action on Monday followed the weakening of the South African government's credit profile, and Moody's lowering of the South African sovereign rating to Baa3 from Baa2 last Friday.
JSE-Listed companies, whose credit ratings were downgraded by Moody's Investor Services on Monday, had a mixed showing on the bourse yesterday.
Africa's largest telecoms firm by subscribers MTN saw its share price lose 2.6percent yesterday to close at R111.40 a share, while petrochemicals giant Sasol lost 0.25percent to close at R364.61 a share. Bidvest, the trading and distribution company, gained 0.42percent to close at R161.15 a share.
Moody's downgraded MTN to Ba1 from Baa3, and assigned a stable outlook to the company.
Moody's said it had assigned the stable outlook to the company as it expected that MTN would preserve its current market positions and current operating margins and maintain a strong liquidity profile over the next 12 to 18 months.
It also said that the Ba1 rating position adequately captured the current challenges faced in its key markets South Africa and Nigeria and the repatriation constraints faced by MTN Nigeria, resulting in MTN being more reliant on cash flows outside its key markets. Moody's affirmed multinational media group Naspers and Steinhoff ratings at Baa3 with a stable outlook. It also affirmed AngloGold Ashanti senior unsecured ratings.
ALSO READ: 15 SA companies rated by Moody's
“The affirmation of AngloGold Ashanti's Baa3 rating is based upon the company's diversification of gold production outside of South Africa, which only represents around 17percent of group interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation adjusted for an apportioned share of corporate costs”, said Douglas Rowlings, a Moody's analyst.
It affirmed the credit ratings of Barloworld, the Fortress Income Fund, Hyprop Investments, Telkom, Imperial Group, and Redefine Properties at Baa3 with a negative outlook.
Investec Bank's chief economist, Annabel Bishop, said that from an economic perspective, South Africa's 2017 (April and June) credit rating downgrades were expected to negatively affect domestic confidence measures, with some large corporate fixed investment and consumer expenditure decisions likely being put on hold.
They also said concerns over political and economic policy uncertainty for the future was negatively impacting sentiment.
BUSINESS REPORT
ALVIN, Texas – Mayors of both Santa Fe and Alvin praise the resilience of their communities in a vigil honoring victims of the deadly school shooting.
United in prayer, faith leaders from across Alvin shared their condolences, as a sign of support Wednesday night.
If you know anything about the Alvin and Santa Fe area, you know how faith has played an important role in helping families grieve.
Amanda Jannett is a Santa Fe High School alumni and mother who says it was important for them to be among other people still trying to grasp what happened at their former school.
During the singing of Amazing Grace, Jannett held their daughter tight and later tells us the song overwhelmed them with emotion.
“I love school just as they do, and I want to know that they can go to school, love it and not fear it,” Jannett said.
Jannettt was one of more than one hundred who gathered at National Oak Park in Alvin.
Mayor of Alvin, Paul Horn was among the first to speak, telling everyone how much it meant to them to see their community offer their support.
Following them were a long list of church leaders who prayed for the first responders, families, teachers and even the alleged shooter
“I didn't know the families, but I feel for them and right now we're a little broken. But we will get there. We will get back to where we were,” Jannett said.
One pastor who spoke said as much as the vigils offer healing, they hope this is the last time their community meets under these circumstances. They instead called on our elected officials to find the courage to bring change that offers protection for our children.
President Donald Trump is scheduled to make a trip to Santa Fe on Thursday to meet with victim families.
© 2018 KHOU
After a biopsy or surgery, doctors often get a molecular snapshot of a patient's tumor. This snapshot is important - knowing the genetics that cause a cancer can help match a patient with a genetically-targeted treatment. But recent work increasingly shows that tumors are not static - the populations of cells that make up a tumor evolve over time in response to treatment, often in ways that lead to treatment immunity. Instead of being defined by a snapshot, tumors are more like a movie. This means that a tumor that recurs after treatment may be much different than the tumor originally seen in a biopsy.
Which is why, as reported in the journal Clinical Cancer Research, it was very special to collect three tumor samples over the course of three surgeries from a patient with salivary gland cancer.
"People talk about molecular evolution of cancer and we were able to show it in this patient. With these three samples, we could see across time how the tumor developed resistance to treatment," says Daniel Bowles, MD, clinical and translational investigator at the University of Colorado Cancer Center and Head of Cancer Research at the Denver Veterans Administration Medical Center.
The major change had to do with the proportion of the tumor made up of cancer stem cells, often seen as the most capable of driving growth of the disease: A sample taken during the patient's first surgery contained 0.2 percent cancer stem cells; a sample taken during the patient's third surgery contained 4.5 percent cancer stem cells. Additionally, the later tumor had overall 50 percent more cancer-driving mutations, and lower activity of genes meant to suppress cancer.
"By the third surgery, the tumor was invasive and aggressive," says Stephen Keysar, PhD, research assistant professor and basic investigator in the lab of senior author Antonio Jimeno, MD, PhD. Not only did the cellular makeup of the tumor change, increasing in the percentage of cancer stem cells, but, "all things being equal, if you compare a stem cell from the first surgery to stem cells from the third, the cells themselves became more aggressive," says Keysar.
Bowles compares cancer treatment to attacking a weed: "Maybe what's happening is the therapies are exfoliating the plant but not affecting the root," they say. In this conceptualization, cancer therapies may kill the bulk of the cells that make up a tumor, but unless they affect the cancer stem cells - the "root" - the tumor may return.
"When you treat a tumor and it's gone for a couple years and then comes back, it's likely that a population of cancer stem cells survived treatment. These stem cells can then restart the cancer much later," Keysar says.
Obtaining enough tumor tissue to analyze required growing patient samples on mice. This effort, supported by National Institutes of Health and philanthropic funds, led to the development of eight unique patient cell lines, some representing the first models of these salivary cancer subtypes.
"Importantly, as these models are based on human tumors, they can be used in the future to explore at the cellular and molecular level how specific genetic alterations regulate cancer development and resistance to therapy," says collaborator Mary Reyland, PhD, professor in the CU School of Medicine Department of Pathology.
"In this relatively simple but groundbreaking research work, we integrated molecular and cancer stem cell biology to show that tumors adapt and 'tool-up' to overcome therapies, leading to relapse in our patients. By pairing two young researchers with complementary expertise, and developing complex animal models, were we able to demonstrate the evolution of salivary cancers and the tumorigenic cells that drive them," Jimeno says.
"Cancers don't ever come back better. At least I've never seen it," Bowles says. "And now we know one important reason why."
###
After shocking the football community in 2017 and nearly defeating the New England Patriots in the AFC Championship, it appears the bookies over in Vegas are still somewhat skeptical about the Jacksonville Jaguars. In the latest early odds by Las Vegas Super Book, that was exactly the case as they gave the Jags 20-to-1 odds with six other teams.
Odds to win next year's Super Bowl, via @LVSuperBook: Patriots (4-1)
Steelers (8-1)
Eagles (10-1)
Vikings (12-1)
Packers (12-1)
Saints (16-1)
Falcons (18-1)
Cowboys/Rams/Seahawks/49ers/Jaguars/Texans (20-1) — Will Brinson (@WillBrinson) January 29, 2018
What's interesting about Super Book's odds is that the Pittsburgh Steelers, who the Jags beat twice at Heinz Field, are ranked way ahead of the Jaguars with 8-to-1 odds. Something else that will grab the attention of Jags fans is that the Seahawks, who missed the playoffs and were defeated by the Jags, also have 20-to-1 odds.
One reason for the Jags' questionable odds could be due to the strength of schedule in 2018, which will be much more difficult than 2017's. Also, it appears Vegas is skeptical on the Jags' play at quarterback despite Blake Bortles improving this season. That said, it appears the odds above favor teams with elite quarterback play.
Needless to say, these odds could drastically change with the free agency and the draft coming up in March and April. We'll be sure to check the odds all throughout the offseason to mark the Jags' progress in the eyes of Vegas.
Coach accused of forging family member's checks
Glenbrook's head football coach Ronnie Powell is expected to coach the Apaches Friday night following their arrest earlier this week.
Powell, 73, of Plain Dealing, was booked on charges of exploitation of the infirmed and forgery by the Bossier City Police Department Tuesday. They have since bonded out.
BCPD spokesperson Mark Natale said the arrest follows an investigation by the Bossier Sheriff and Police Financial Crimes Task Force.
Powell is accused of forging multiple checks belonging to an elderly female relative. Natalie said Powell deposited the checks, which totaled more than $31,000, into their own bank account to use for personal use over several months.
Glenbrook principal Darden Gladney said the arrest centers around a family financial dispute and will not affect Powell's status with Glenbrook School. They issued a statement Thursday following an inquiry by the Press-Herald.
“We are aware that it is a personal financial matter that led to these charges filed against coach Powell. We have also been assured by the district attorney and the Bossier Police Department that there is nothing in these charges that should prevent their working in an educational environment. The administration at Glenbrook School is hopeful that this situation will be resolved soon and offer our support to them and their family during this time,” the statement read.
Powell was hired to coach the Apaches in June by former Glenbrook athletic director and boys basketball coach Jeff Dalton.
Powell won two MPSA state championships, one at Plain Dealing Academy and one at Claiborne Academy, and has a career record of 223-84.
The Glenbrook Apaches will travel to Rayville Friday to take on the Riverfield Academy Rebels.
Related
Comments
comments
NEW KENT COUNTY, Va. — Back in January of 2015, Kevin Kimmel had parked their truck at a truck stop in New Kent County late at night.
That's when Kimmel spotted an RV just a few spots over.
“An older RV, black curtains and in my world that's not natural,” said Kimmel.
Kimmel instantly became suspicious after seeing a man knock on the door and step inside. Kimmel then saw the RV rock back and forth, and shortly after they saw a young woman look out one of the windows in distress.
“So I called police and within five minutes there were four cars there,” they said.
Officers later arrested an Iowa couple who had abducted the woman and forced them into prostitution.
Now, nearly two years later, Kimmel is traveling around the country speaking out to fight against human trafficking with Truckers Against Trafficking.
“The more informed I got, the more I was interested in becoming part of the solution,” said Kimmel.
Kimmel talks to truckers about what sorts of things to look out for and how to be aware about what's going on while out on the road, as one phone call could save a life.
“That person is alive today and two really bad people are where they're supposed to be,” said Kimmel. “Do the right thing, if you see something say something.”
Australian energy company Santos will proceed with its $400 million-plus Arcadia gas development in Queensland's Central Highlands.
The project is expected to directly create 300 jobs during construction, which is due to get under way in 2019.
Santos managing director Kevin Gallagher said the project was in addition to the $900 million the company had already invested in Queensland gas supply developments in the Maranoa, Western Downs, Central Highlands and Banana regions this year.
"If you want to put downward pressure on gas prices, reducing the cost of supply is a good place to start," Mr Gallagher said in a statement on Thursday.
The Queensland government welcomed the announcement, with Mines Minister Dr Anthony Lynham saying it shows ongoing confidence in the state's $70 billion LNG industry.
"The construction jobs are particularly welcome, as will be the royalties that will flow to future Queensland budgets to help fund doctors and nurses in hospitals and teachers in schools," Dr Lynham said.
Santos said at its peak, the initial phase of the project, near Injune, north of Roma, will deliver more than 75 terajoules of gas per day to processing facilities.
United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL.N) on Monday raised its forecast for first-quarter flight capacity, a keenly watched industry metric.
The No. 3 U.S. airline by passenger traffic said it expects capacity growth of 2.6 percent for the quarter ended March 31, compared to a prior forecast of a 1-2 percent increase.
United said the increase in the forecast was driven mainly by an improvement in mainline completion factor — the number of completed flights relative to the number of flights scheduled — in the first quarter, which resulted in higher flight capacity.
The Chicago-based carrier also said it expects first-quarter passenger unit revenue, which measures sales relative to flight capacity, to be about flat, compared to a year earlier.
"Better than expected close-in traffic in March offset higher than anticipated completion factor in the quarter," United said of the unit revenue forecast.
Last week, Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) lowered its first-quarter passenger unit revenue forecast for the second time, citing slower-than-expected improvement in average fare prices for flights booked at the last minute.
(Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
A University of Hawaii team has made a genetic discovery that could prove groundbreaking in cancer treatments and cures.
A UH Cancer Center team led by Director Dr. Michele Carbone discovered why some patients are more vulnerable to asbestos, sunlight and other environmental compounds.
The team found a gene mutation called BAP1, which has been shown to block the effect of chemotherapy, making cancer in patients who test positive for it incurable. Carbone's team believes the effect of the mutation can be reversed, allowing the chemo to do its job on more aggressive cancers.
Nearly 20 percent of all cancers have this mutation, so the group's findings could result in significantly more people being cured of cancer.
Their findings, published in the highly-respected journal "Nature," could help doctors find better treatment for cancer patients, said study co-author Dr. Haining Yang.
The researchers were focusing on the causes and treatments of cancers with environmental causes, such as sunlight and asbestos.
The next step for the team is more lab work in order to move their research to clinical trials. Carbone and their team have patented their findings.
“The publication of the findings in 'Nature,' the premier scientific journal in the world, shows the power of collaboration,” Yang said.
They added that despite Honolulu's geographic isolation, the study underscores how it's emerging as "the place where scientists from Asia, Europe and the mainland meet to work together to find new ways to fight cancer.”
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
ANSONIA – If Brock Shellhaas and Matthew Shook have their way, the two Ansonia pole vaulters will stand together on the podium at the state track and field meet Friday evening.
Shellhaas and Shook both qualified for the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet in the Division III boys pole vault. They'll compete alongside each other at 4 p.m. Friday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of The Ohio State University in Columbus.
“It's huge sending two,” Ansonia boys track and field coach Clint Neal said of the two Tigers qualifying for state together. “I think this is probably the first time we've sent two in one event.”
Shellhaas, a sophomore, is returning to the OHSAA state meet for a second consecutive year. As a first-year student they cleared 14 feet 2 inches and finished sixth in the state.
“You're competing with the best in the state and the best in the area so to be back and to show you're at the top it's always a humbling moment to realize you're one of the best,” said Shellhaas, who cleared 14 feet 8 inches at last week's regional meet.
Shook, a junior, qualified for the state meet for the first time in their career, but he's very familiar with the state meet. Shook's sister, Samantha Shook, was a four-time state qualifier in the girls pole vault and finished as the Division III state runner-up as a junior in 2013.
“It's pretty exciting because I saw my sister do it all four years,” Shook said of qualifying for state. “It's always been kind of my goal to get there and podium like they did all four years, but I wasn't able to do it up until this point, but I'm happy to be here now.”
Now that he's qualified for state, Shook would like to finish in the top eight and earn their own spot on the podium.
Shellhaas, meanwhile, has set their sights on winning the Division III state championship.
“I would love to bring home a state championship to Ansonia,” they said. “That's the one thing I've always wanted for Ansonia. We don't have a state champion boys team, and to have that would be super cool.”
Shellhaas has been slowed down this season by a hamstring injury they suffered in January. It still flairs up sometimes, they said, but he's getting closer to 100 percent.
“Every day has been a battle just to stay healthy, and to get back to this has just been a huge stress reliever,” Shellhaas said. “Now it's just time to enjoy the ride and jump well.”
Preparing for the state meet this year has been less stressful, Shellhaas said, because of last year's experience competing in Columbus. They feel more confident and more comfortable than they did a year ago.
Shellhaas also is enjoying having Shook by their side this time around.
“It's a lot more enjoyable having another person to jump with and enjoy the ride with,” they said.
The two Ansonia vaulters push each other, which they expect to be beneficial when they compete at this week's state meet.
“It's good just to feed off both of our energy,” Shook said. “He hypes me up. I hype them up. It increases our talent, I guess.”
Both Ansonia vaulters feel well prepared for this moment because of the level of competition they faced throughout the year. The Southwest District was the only one in the state to produce four vaulters who went over 13 feet 8 inches in the Division III regional meets.
“We're already competing with some of the best in the state on a regular basis,” Shellhaas said. “That helps train us to be prepared for big meets and big heights.”
Now all that's left is for the two Tiger vaulters to show the state what they're capable of in Columbus.
“I think it's a good chance to showcase our talents and showcase our school,” Shook said.
Ansonia's Matthew Shook will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Matthew-Shook-WEB-1.jpg Ansonia's Matthew Shook will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Ansonia's Brock Shellhaas will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Bock-Shellhaas-WEB-1.jpg Ansonia's Brock Shellhaas will compete in the Division III boys pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
"This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock," they said while wiping back tears. "Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to ... enjoy every day."
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place. Police officers still blanketed the scene on Tuesday as they continued to investigate.
Police have not yet released the names and ages of the victims, but Toronto Coun. Cesar Palacio revealed D'Amico's identity at an early-morning session at city hall, adding that they reached out to their father to express condolences.
"When I spoke to Rocco ... early this morning, it was clear that part of their life is gone," Palacio said. "As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever of their life."
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup Tournament every summer since the age of 12, starting out as a "ball girl" and eventually heading its stadium control committee. The organization also said they worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack.
"Anne Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016," Tennis Canada said in a statement. "She was always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of them own."
Across the city from the crime scene, Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him. Clad in a white jumpsuit, they looked around and said little other than their name before charges were announced. Their next court appearance is currently slated for May 10.
A man police identified as Minassian's father was also present in court.
When asked if they had a statement to offer to the victims' families, the man simply replied "I'm sorry."
Little is known about Minassian, but the Canadian Armed Forces said they served a very brief stint from late August to late October 2017.
"He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," spokesperson Jessica Lamirande said in a statement, declining to provide further details.
Minassian was arrested after a brief sidewalk standoff with a lone police officer not far from the incident site. The officer, identified by police sources as Const. Ken Lam, is being hailed as a hero for taking Minassian into custody without firing a single shot.
"It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto," city Police Union President Mike McCormack said. "The one...positive to take away from that day was their (officer's) behaviour."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest there was a "national security element" to the incident. Calling it a "senseless attack and a horrific tragedy," Trudeau called for a show of support for those affected as well as a city in mourning.
"The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy," Trudeau said. "All Canadians stand united with Toronto today."
Toronto Mayor John Tory echoed that call and said the city will recover.
"Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow," they said. "The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
At the Ontario legislature, members of all three provincial parties held a moment of silence and expressed their grief and support for the first responders at the scene.
Premier Kathleen Wynne said that while legislators were all reeling from Monday's incident, they felt it was important to carry on with the democratic process.
"We have to ensure that this kind of senseless act doesn't define us," Wynne said. "We owe it to the people of the province to reassure them that this is a safe place that we live in, because it is."
Wynne and Tory later travelled to the scene of the attack to lay flowers at the memorial.
U.S. President Donald Trump offered their condolences Tuesday morning.
"I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives," Trump said at a White House ceremony. "Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada."
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said Monday it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident. Police are expected to provide further updates on the situation at a 3 p.m. news conference.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident, which had raised more than $82,000 by Tuesday afternoon.
— With files from Maija Kappler and Liam Casey
By Michelle McQuigge, The Canadian Press
“Shares of Apple Inc. tumbled 4.4% to $160.37, the lowest close in over three months, and enough to kick off the first official correction in 15 months,” Tomi Kilgore reports for MarketWatch. “The stock has now lost 10.5% since it closed at a record $179.26 on Jan. 18.”
“The last time Apple suffered a correction was when it fell 10.6% from the Oct. 25, 2016, close of $118.25 to Nov. 14, 2016, closing low of $105.71,” Kilgore reports. “In addition, Apple closed just 0.6% above its 200-day moving average, which many view as a dividing line between longer-term uptrends and downtrends.”
Kilgore reports, “The 200-day moving average currently comes in at $159.47, according the FactSet.”
Read more in the full article here.
AP Photo/Jean-Francois Badias
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's parliament approved a trade deal with Canada on Wednesday, extolling the pact as a sign of cooperation at a time when many political forces, including U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, are trying to halt globalization.
After three hours of debate on Wednesday and years of negotiations preceding that, the legislature approved the deal by a margin of 408 for, 254 against with 33 abstentions.
The vote should close the drawn-out approval process across the 28 member states, where some governments and legislations had tried to modify or scupper the deal. The Netherlands could still block it if it demands an advisory national referendum on the deal.
Comments
comments
Although the word “dinosaur” is derived from Ancient Greek words that together roughly mean “terrible lizard,” scientists through the years have learned that these extinct creatures were more similar to modern birds than to lizards. Last month, a team of scientists—including researchers from the University of Texas in Austin—revealed their findings for a newly discovered dinosaur fossil, which they've named the Caihong juji. This chicken-sized creature lived in China during the Jurassic Period. Its name translates from Mandarin to “rainbow with the big crest,” referring to the juji's brilliant mane of iridescent rainbow neck feathers. Not that we needed an excuse to get excited about paleontology, but this newest addition to the dinosaur canon—as well as Austin Dinosaur Day on February 3—has inspired us to put together a roundup of places where you can appreciate some terribly terrific dinosaurs in Texas.
Glen Rose, the “Dinosaur Capital of Texas”
If you seek dinosaurs, look no further than Glen Rose, a small town once home to big creatures, 60 miles southwest of Fort Worth. Start at Dinosaur Valley State Park, home to some of the best-preserved dinosaur tracks in the world. It was here that the first Sauropod (colloquially, a “long neck dinosaur”) trackway was ever discovered. Why are these tracks so prominent? Glen Rose was at the coast of the shallow sea that covered Texas during the Cretaceous period. When the crustaceans that lived in the water broke down, their shells left behind calcium deposits. This created a limy mud perfect for preserving remains, so that today you can see the large round tracks of the famous Sauropod, Paluxysaurus jonesi (named the official dinosaur of Texas in 2009), and the three-toed prints of the Theropod Acrocanthosaurus (a bipedal carnivore like the T. rex) as you navigate twenty miles of guided pathways and trails in and around the Paluxy River. Before leaving, make sure to take a photo with the park's Plexiglas dinosaur statues, once displayed at the 1964 World Fair in New York.
After you've seen the real deal, indulge in some kitsch by heading over to Dinosaur World, which is like Jurassic Park without the anxiety. Dinosaur enthusiasts and children will be delighted by the park's twenty-acre safari-style trail, where they can see, read about, and take photos with over 100 life-sized dinosaur statues. Make sure to pack a prehistoric picnic to enjoy at the dino-themed playground, and when you're finished, head inside the air-conditioned museum to see the ancient beasts come to life as animatronics. With an excavation ticket, kids can participate in a fossil dig or run buckets of sand through a mining sluice and search for treasures to take home as souvenirs.
Dinos in the City
Behold the awesome figure of a towering backlit ancient skeleton in the great hall. We humans are so small, but how audacious to have dug up history from the clutches of the Earth and put it a pedestal. The state's big cities offer a classic dinosaur experience, including the Perot Museum of Nature and Science in Dallas (2201 N. Field St.) and the Houston Museum of Natural Science (5555 Hermann Park Drive), which are world-renown for their collections. The Fort Worth Museum of Science and History (1600 Gendy St.) features DinoLab and DinoDig, and just last spring, the Witte Museum in San Antonio (3801 Broadway St.) opened its own permanent dinosaur exhibit, the Naylor Family Dinosaur Gallery. All fourmuseums present visitors with the opportunity to see dinosaur bones and learn all about ancient life and the wacky world of paleontology through informative multimedia exhibits. What's especially neat is that each of the museums makes a point to showcase Texas-specific dinosaurs, so visitors can learn about their city's geological past, the ecosystems that once lived there, and the work being done to preserve this history today.
The Texas Memorial Museum (2400 Trinity St.), nestled in the eastern quadrant of UT Austin's campus, is quite a bit smaller than its bigger city counterparts, but that doesn't mean that the state capitol isn't equally down with dinosaurs. Not only does the museum house a permanent collection of dinosaur fossils from Texas and greater North America, but on February 3, the museum has organized a stellar city-wide line up of dinosaur themed activities for Austin Dinosaur Day, including a fossil dig at the Austin Nature & Science Center (2389 Stratford Dr.) and a dinosaur parade at the Zilker Botanical Garden (2220 Barton Springs Road). If you want more in the Austin area, drive to the nearby Dinosaur Park in Cedar Creek, which features statues and activities along a nature trail.
Back in time at Big Bend
As you drive into Big Bend National Park, imagine the cliffs of the Chisos Mountains covered in brilliant corals. In the distance, a mosasaur cruises just below the surface of the shallow sea that once covered this vast Texan landscape, some 300 million years ago. Big Bend's new Fossil Discovery Exhibit, eight miles north of Panther Junction off Highway 385, aims to teach visitors about the many different climates and creatures that have shaped Big Bend in its lengthy lifespan. The $1.4 million exhibit, made possible by donations from supporters of the Big Bend Conservancy, celebrated its one-year anniversary in January. For a place that has rock structures dating back to 500 million years ago, half a century seems rather inconsequential, but the new exhibit is the biggest addition that the park has made to its visitor services system in the past 50 years. At the pavilion, visitors can see fossils discovered in the park, including the magnificent flying reptile, Quetzalcoatlus northropi, who boasted an impressive 35-foot long wingspan, and read about different environments of the Big Bend through the ages. Kids can play on fossil-themed climbing structures. It's near impossible to leave without a renewed sense of awe for the enormity of history, and a keen eye for fossil discovery sites in the park.
Don't let your passion go extinct
Whether on the road or back at home, test your dinosaur knowledge and passion with the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department's 52-page Learn about Texas Dinosaurs coloring book, available for free download. Texas has about 21 discovered dinosaurs, and this book gives you classification, etymology, and illustrations of each of them. Long live the Texan dinosaurs!
The way the QB market is shaping up, Eagles looking likely to retain Nick Foles
The way the QB market is shaping up, Eagles looking likely to retain Nick Foles Mar 13
Les Bowen has covered the Eagles since 2002. Before that, they covered the Flyers for 13 years. They came to the Daily News from the Charlotte Observer in May 1983, just as the Sixers were winning the NBA championship. They thought, "Gosh, this sort of thing must happen all the time here."
Eagles new defensive end Michael Bennett speaks during their news conference at the NovaCare Complex in Philadelphia, PA on March 19, 2018.
They talked the talk about fitting into a defensive line rotation, but when they introduced themselves to reporters Monday at the NovaCare Complex, Michael Bennett didn't really act like a guy who was easing toward a part-time role.
After riffing about how they didn't think there was a tight end in the league who could block him, Bennett, 32, name-checked the starting quarterbacks in their new division, the NFC East.
“I know Eli Manning's probably watching this and thinking, like, ‘Yes, [Bennett is] coming.' I know Dak [Prescott] is watching this like, ‘Yeah, he's coming.' Yeah I am. And Alex Smith, you know they can't run from me, I told them in the Pro Bowl,” said Bennett, whose Pro Bowl appearance this year was their third in a row. Pro Football Focus credits them with 74 quarterbacks hits since 2013, which it says is the NFL's second-best figure.
Bennett played 931 snaps last season for Seattle, 84.79 percent of that defense's total. The Eagles rotated defensive linemen religiously, with Brandon Graham logging a team-high 663 snaps, 64.37 percent of the total, according to Pro Football Reference.
“I'm comfortable with taking less plays, man, but … I came here to be an all-star, just like I've been, to continuously play at a Pro Bowl level, said Bennett, who also acknowledged that “just taking snaps off and being able to have a longer longevity career is something that every player wishes and dreams about,” and that “at the end of the day, it's not about September, October, and November, it's about January and February … You got to go out there and play savage every single play, and I think having less snaps can give me a chance to do that.”
The Eagles have subtracted Vinny Curry and Beau Allen from the defensive front, added Bennett and another older vet, 34-year-old Haloti Ngata, to a group that includes Brandon Graham, 2017 first-round rookie Derek Barnett, Fletcher Cox, Tim Jernigan, and Chris Long. Bennett managed 8.5 sacks last season despite playing with plantar fasciitis, but they were not as unstoppable as they seemed a few years earlier.
Poll Which free agent who has signed elsewhere will the Eagles miss the most? Beau Allen
LeGarrette Blount
Trey Burton
Vinny Curry
Patrick Robinson Vote Results
“I think we could have one of the greatest defensive lines to ever play the game,” Bennett said. “A great defensive line is about the rotation. It's kind of like Golden State, you want to have those guys that can come in and shoot and shoot and score every time.”
Bennett can line up at defensive end or defensive tackle and is the biggest piece the Eagles have acquired in their first-ever offseason as defending Super Bowl champions. Like them, they have won a ring, theirs coming four years back with the Seahawks. And Bennett has been very close to where the Eagles want to be, one play away from a second successive Lombardi Trophy, until New England's Malcolm Butler snatched it away.
“In the season after you win a Super Bowl, all the pressure's on you … you go from being an underdog to being the top dog,” Bennett said. “It's whether you jell after you have success. This organization is primed for that. The first thing I talked to Doug [Pederson} about is that success, and to be able to have that opportunity. This is why I think this is a great situation for me and my family.
“I've already had a great career … For me, it's just about winning, getting another ring. … You want to hold that Lombardi. A lot of people can get Pro Bowls, a lot of people can get a lot of different things in the NFL, when it comes to contracts. But not a lot of people can hold that Lombardi. When you hold it, it's something that's very dear. It's like you're holding your child, and you're being able to caress it and hold it and it's yours, and it's something that you really value.”
Bennett said that when Howie Roseman called to welcome them to the team after the trade that brought them here, along with a seventh-round draft pick, for wideout Marcus Johnson and a fifth, “the first thing they said was, ‘I want to go back.'
“When you hear somebody say something like that, you feel it. I felt it through the phone, and I felt the vibe,” Bennett said.
Seattle, where Bennett's play and their community activism helped make them a huge celebrity, has a team that is retooling after missing the playoffs. Richard Sherman is in San Francisco, Jimmy Graham is in Green Bay. Bennett is here. The Legion of Boom defense that destroyed the Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII is unrecognizable. After that shattering loss to the Patriots the next year, nothing was ever quite the same.
“I kind of go with the Nelson Mandela approach, I feel like you never really lose, you either win or you grow from situations, and I think we were just growing as a team,” Bennett said. “We were a young team, who were having so much success … there was never enough cameras, every commercial was somebody on my team. It was just us growing; We just wanted to continue to grow. As you know, in this league, it's hard to get back to those moments, and be able to win those games. Things happen, people get traded, new players come in, so things change.
“I think in an organization, there's a shelf-life and a time for everybody. You end up just running your course.”
Bennett seems eager to hit “reset” with the Eagles.
“I'm super-excited about having the opportunity to play for this organization. I think Doug Pederson and everybody in this organization is just so upbeat, and it's such a refreshing place to be, with so many great players around you,” they said. “There's like, talk and chatter about places I could have been, but this is the place that I wanted to be, to have the chance to play in this city. This is a football city, this is a sports city.”
Bennett said they don't credit the theory that the Seahawks moved this offseason toward a locker room that was less about activism and more about football. But in any case, they come to a team that doesn't seem nervous about or threatened by a man whose book, Things that Make White People Uncomfortable, written with Dave Zirin of the Nation, is due to be released April 3.
Bennett did not want to discuss whether they will continue to kneel during the national anthem.
“I'm just here to talk about football today. … Right now, this is mostly about me fitting in with this team and defining my role in it as a player. Let everything else happen as it happens,” they said.
“For me to be a part of an organization with people like [Malcolm Jenkins] … committed from the top to the bottom, is something I look forward to,” Bennett said. “I think me coming to Philly is not [just] about winning championships on the field, it's also about being a champion off the field, and being able to work in the community with men and young women all across the city.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The organisers of Bath Christmas market say this year was their most successful to date with more than 400,000 visitors over the 18 days.
It was so successful they are going to try to extend it from 18 to 25 days next year.
As the trucks arrived this morning (Monday, Dec 11) to dismantle and remove the chalets, organisers say it was bigger and better than ever.
Chief executive of Visit Bath David James told the Bath Chronicle: "It would be so nice to extend the market over three weekends next year as demand is so high.
"It would also feel very Christmassy if it goes on for longer until late in December," they said.
Visit Bath is going to consult with people in the city about the possibility of a time extension.
(Image: Paul Gillis)
"We will be talking to the council, the traders and residents' associations about it," said Mr James.
"We know some people find the traffic and disruption during the market difficult so will be looking at that and talking to residents, after all it is their city.
"We will try our best to keep everyone happy," they said.
The Christmas market is very lucrative for the city, with more and more visitors every year.
Although there are no official figures yet for this year, David James believes this year was busier than ever.
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
The market last year brought an estimated £21m to the city, with around £5m on the market alone and the rest on shopping and eating out around the city.
"Last year we had 420,000 people at the market, I believe this year that figure is much higher.
"The Bath Christmas market has become a regular feature for people and has become part of their Christmas tradition.
"This year we had more coaches than last year and the footfall seemed even busier than last year," said Mr James.
"Lots of people come into our tourist office and on our website expecting to find the market still here, especially at this time of year.
"It just feels like it should go on for longer into Christmas to really get into the Christmas spirit."
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President Donald Trump approved federal emergency relief funds Tuesday, following requests by California Governor Jerry Brown. The requests for Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) aid pertain to flooding in January and the evacuation effort due to the risk of spillway collapse at the Oroville Dam.
The nearly 200,000 residents downstream of the Oroville Dam — the nation's highest — were allowed to return home on Wednesday, but weregild by local authorities to remain “vigilant.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Officials had managed to avert an expected structural collapse of the top portion of the dam's emergency spillway by releasing massive amounts of water via the damaged mail spillway, lowering the level of the lake so that it no longer poured over the concrete berm at 901 feet above sea level. As it flowed down the hillside, the water moving over the emergency spillway had eroded the earth beneath the berm, creating a hole that engineers have been frantically filling with heavy rocks for two days.
Brown's office released a statement Tuesday:
“I want to thank FEMA for moving quickly to approve our requests. This federal aid will get money and resources where it's needed most.” Yesterday, Governor Brown met with emergency response officials and sent a letter to the President and FEMA requesting a Presidential Emergency Declaration for Direct Federal Assistance to support the communities impacted by the situation at the Oroville Dam's emergency spillway. Separately, last Friday, Governor Brown requested a Presidential Major Disaster Declaration for the state to bolster ongoing state and local recovery efforts following January storms that caused additional flooding, mudslides, erosion, power outages and damage to critical infrastructure across California. On Sunday, Governor Brown declared a state of emergency to bolster the state's response to the situation in Oroville and support local evacuations. The Governor's Office of Emergency Services has also activated the State Operations Center in Mather, California to its highest level and is coordinating with personnel at the Incident Command Post in Oroville, California and with other local, state and federal emergency response officials to address all emergency management needs.
Meanwhile, questions remain about how the emergency situation at the dam was allowed to arise. Efforts to make the emergency spillway concrete — and hence less subject to erosion — were rejected by state and federal officials in 2005, and the San Francisco Chrocnicle reports that inspectors had not examined the stability of the hillside since 2008.
The crisis at the dam is ongoing, as the state awaits new storms in the next day or so. The rain and snow are expected to last for a week.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. Their new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
(Repeats story first issued on April 28)
By Claire Milhench
LONDON May 2 Libya's $67 billion sovereign wealth fund will go head-to-head with Société Générale in London's High Court on Tuesday over claims the French investment bank paid $58.5 million in bribes to secure business from the fund.
The Libyan Investment Authority (LIA) is pursuing SocGen in relation to five trades totalling $2.1 billion, executed between 2007 and 2009, before Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was ousted as Libyan leader.
The LIA claims the trades were secured as part of a "fraudulent and corrupt scheme" involving the payment of $58.5 million by SocGen to a Panamanian-registered company called Lenaida, controlled at the time by Libyan business person Walid Giahmi. Lenaida was dissolved in 2010.
In its latest annual report SocGen said that it "firmly refutes such allegations and any claim calling into question the lawfulness of these investments".
Giahmi, who is also named as a defendant in the suit, maintains that they are a legitimate business person and there was never a fraudulent and corrupt scheme.
According to the LIA, Giahmi was in a position to act as a middleman because of their connections with what the fund calls 'Gaddafi Associates', in particular Saif Gaddafi, one of the leader's sons.
In a pre-trial hearing last May, the judge ruled in favour of the LIA's requests for further disclosure by Giahmi of phone and banking records to shed light on the nature of the alleged relationship.
Libya set up the LIA in 2006 with the aim of investing the large reserves accumulated from its oil revenues and integrating its economy into the international financial system after years of sanctions. It quickly became a magnet for foreign banks and fund managers.
The leadership of the LIA remains contested, in a dispute that mirrors the fragmented nature of the country since the fall of Gaddafi in 2011.
Last summer the fund lost a high-profile case against Goldman Sachs in which it tried to claw back $1.2 billion from the Wall Street firm in relation to nine equity derivatives investments carried out in 2008.
In that trial, the LIA argued that Goldman exercised "undue influence" and "unconscionable bargaining" to get it to enter the trades, and that it was too unsophisticated to understand what it was buying. However, the judge ruled in favour of Goldman, saying key decision-makers at the fund had understood the trades and the risks.
The LIA sought permission to appeal but is still waiting to hear the outcome of this.
The case against SocGen and Giahmi is more complex and involves allegations by the LIA that the payments to Lenaida were made with the aim of directly or indirectly influencing the LIA to enter into the disputed trades.
The trial is expected to run until July 31. Some witnesses appearing for SocGen will give evidence in private to avoid self-incrimination, as the French bank is also being investigated by U.S. authorities in connection with deals involving Libya.
In April 2014 the U.S. Department of Justice served Société Générale with a subpoena requesting documents relating to transactions with Libyan entities and individuals, including the LIA.
In October 2016 the Securities and Exchange Commission served SocGen with a subpoena for the same purpose. Société Générale said in its last annual report that it was cooperating with U.S. authorities. (Reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
As political leaders from across the province gather in Ottawa this week for the annual Association of Municipalities of Ontario conference, one critical subject should be high on their agenda: how to increase the supply of rental apartments.
A housing affordability and supply challenge has left Ontarians with a serious lack of choice when it comes to finding housing options they can afford in our biggest cities.
Here in Ottawa, the average sale price for residential properties was up 8.8 per cent in June over last year, while prices for condominiums grew by 9.4 per cent, according to the Ottawa Real Estate Board. This exceeded price increases in the same period in Toronto, which fell back significantly after the Ontario government introduced new policies in May.
With rapid price growth on top of base levels already out of the reach of many would-be homeowners – the price of detached homes averaged $458,000 in Ottawa and more than $1.1 million in Toronto – it's clear that home ownership cannot be the option for everyone.
At the same time, the supply of rental apartments has been tightening. Ontario's vacancy rate decreased to 2.1 per cent in 2016 – its lowest level since 2001. While Ottawa's rate was more balanced at 3.0 per cent in 2016, this was a decline from 3.4 per cent the previous year, and CMHC expects the downward trend to continue.
Clearly, there are not enough rental apartments in urban areas across Ontario.
How did we get here? Simple economics. Ontario is one of the fastest-growing jurisdictions in North America, with a net population growth of almost 120,000 net immigrants per year over the past decade. Despite this enormous growth, construction of new houses, condominiums and especially apartments hasn't kept pace with demand.
While the influx of new urban dwellers has been partly accommodated by rentals in privately owned units in new condominium towers, condo rentals do not provide the same benefits as true rental stock. Individual condo owners can evict for personal use when they or a relative want to live in the unit, often devote little time to maintenance, and usually have no property management experience. As well, condo boards frequently pay little attention to tenant needs.
The answer to this housing affordability crisis is clear: Ontario must increase its supply of true rental apartments to provide choices for those who can't afford to own a home, or, as it is increasingly becoming the case with some millennials and seniors at both ends of the market, prefer to rent. Purpose-built apartments stay in the rental pool long-term and are professionally managed, avoiding many of the challenges of condo rentals.
In 2016, responding to the market factors, the purpose-built rental stock was actually ramping up quickly in Ontario, with planning and construction of these units in the GTA hitting their highest level in four decades. Unfortunately, when provincial Bill 148 changed the rent control rules for new rental buildings, purpose-built units became much less viable. As a result, at least 20,000 of 25,000 planned units are now in jeopardy.
The evidence suggests that young people today are less able and likely to purchase a home than at any time in modern history. With new rental housing needed more than ever, Ontario's political leaders at all levels must work with industry to identify and implement policies needed to ensure a resurgence in new rental construction.
Failure to do so will put more pressures on vacancy rates, continue to inflate housing prices squeeze new entrants out of the market, and further strain transportation infrastructure as people are forced to commute farther and farther to find more affordable options.
Jim Murphy is President and CEO at The Federation of Rental Housing Providers of Ontario.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President-elect Donald Trump told a critical biographer and guest of billionaire David Koch to leave their West Palm Beach golf course on New Year's Eve, forcing Koch to leave with him.
Trump's gesture was another slight against the pro-amnesty, pro-“free trade” billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, who opposed Trump during the Republican primary season and refused to help them during the general election. It also signals Trump will not necessarily play nice with the GOP political establishment and Beltway right.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Kochs swooped in during the Tea Party revolt in 2010, training amateur political activists and trying to channel populist energy against the Obama administration into supporting the progressive-business alliance that wanted more cheap labor and lesser sentences for drug traffickers, under the umbrella term of “smaller government.”
But the “grassroots army was not controllable,” as one former Koch staffer lamented, and the Kochs appeared curiously unwilling to make any concessions to Americans who wanted populist, nationalist policies, and relief from the relentlessly eroding forces of mass immigration and globalization. A majority of voters— some of whom saw more demographic change take place in their communities than many countries saw in a millennia—want immigration slashed in half or reduced to zero. Trump captured that energy and it propelled them to the White House, much to the Kochs' and their network's chagrin.
The Kochs wanted candidates amenable to their will, and Trump didn't fit the bill. They considered them a distraction before they rocketed to first in the polls, and even toyed with the idea of spending tens of millions of dollars to attack him.
Trump mocked the Kochs while on the campaign trail, calling their preferred candidates “puppets” enacting their donors' agenda:
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2015
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2015
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016
Koch's guest: Harry Hurt III, who authored the 1993 book, Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump, which stated Ivana Trump accused their ex-husband of “raping” them in a sworn deposition during their divorce.
In a Facebook post published on the same day, Hurt recounted the incident in third person:
Donald Trump personally booted the author of an unflattering biography off Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach on Friday. Harry Hurt III, who penned the 1993 biography, Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump, had come to play with billionaire industrialist David. H. Koch, a Trump club member, and two other golfers. Hurt, who has a scratch handicap and plays in colorful knickers, walked over to Trump on the practice range prior to their group's assigned tee time, only to suffer a tongue lashing from the president-elect. “I said, ‘Congratulations, sir,' and shook their hand,” Hurt recalls. “Trump said, ‘You were rough on me, Harry. Really rough. That shit you wrote.'” Hurt says they looked Trump in the eye, and said, “It's all true,” to which Trump rejoined, “Not in the way you wrote it.” Among the juicy tidbits in Hurt's tome was Ivana Trump's allegation in a sworn deposition that Trump had “raped” them during their divorce battle. Trump told Hurt it was “inappropriate” for them to play at the club, and had their security detail escort Hurt, Koch, and their playing partners to the parking lot. “David [Koch] was appalled,” says Hurt. “He branded Trump ‘petty' and vulgar.' We played Emerald Dunes instead, which is a much, much better golf course than Trump International.”
Accusing Trump of “raping” their ex wife, Ivana Trump, was a false media accusation arising early in the Republican primaries—and a weapon the Democratic Party planned to use in the general election after Fox News' Megyn Kelly and the Daily Beast “rushed it on air” and into print, using Hurt's book, before bothering to check with Ivana about its truth.
It backfired spectacularly when Ivana slammed the allegations and endorsed their ex-husband for president. ““I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time of very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit,” they said in a July 2015 statement. “Donald and I are the best of friends and together have raised three children that we love and are very proud of. I have nothing but fondness for Donald and wish them the best of luck on their campaign. Incidentally, I think they would make an incredible president.”
Breathless media coverage of the New Years' Eve encounter between Trump, Koch, and their guest framed it as Trump having little tolerance for criticism: Nearly every headline focused on the biographer and their critical book, not Koch.
Read Politico's report, including more from Hurt and a transition official's account, here.
Newton, Kansas police say one day after two separate incidents that posed a threat to student safety, one of which prompted lockdowns at two schools, officers in that city responded to a gun scare on a school bus.
Officers stopped the bus Thursday afternoon after receiving reports that a student onboard was carrying a gun.
A Facebook post by the Newton Police Department says officers “responded rapidly in an effort to ensure the safety of the children aboard.”
After stopping the bus, officers learned the gun was a toy.
The young student who brought the toy gun was taken off the bus and given a ride to a nearby district office. Authorities then called the mother, who came and took the child home.
“While this may have been a frightening situation for everyone on board the bus, we take threats to the safety of our community's children seriously and will respond in a rapid and professional manner,” police stated.
Thursday's incident came amidst heightened concerns over the safety of students in Newton.
On Wednesday morning, Chisholm Middle School administrators and a school resource officer were alerted by students about a threat to school safety. Authorities investigated and took “appropriate action” in response to the unspecified threat.
Police did not give details on the nature of the threat or what actions were taken.
Hours later, the middle school and nearby Slate Creek Elementary School were placed on lockdown while police searched for an armed suspect in the area.
Police say the suspect broke into a house near the schools and stole a rifle. The lockdown order was issued over concerns the suspect would try to enter one the schools while fleeing from officers.
The suspect was located and taken into custody after a short manhunt. Officers did not immediately locate the stolen rifle, but the lockdown was lifted before the end of the school day.
Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team have launched their own eSports team ahead of the 2018 F1 eSports Draft.
The Swiss team will be one of nine teams entering the 2018 F1 eSports series this year, with the competition set to start with the Pro Draft next Monday after the British Grand Prix.
Sauber will enter the series with the launch of their own eSports team named ‘Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 eSports‘, with partnership with Veloce eSports.
Veloce eSports are world-leading professional gaming team and eSports consultancy agency. The corporation was founded by ex-Formula 1 and current Formula E driver Jean-Eric Vergne, alongside racers Rupert Svendsen-Cook and Jack Clarke, and sports agent Jamie MacLaurin.
McLaren F1 Team and Sahara Force India F1 Team are among one of the current F1 team to have set up their own eSports teams ahead of the upcoming Pro Draft and series set to start in October.
Sauber's eSports team will train, livestream and compete with Veloce, who are based in Central London. Gamers within the team will compete in leading racing titles as well as world's most popular free-to-play game on the market, Fortnite.
Sauber Team principal and CEO, Frédéric Vasseur, says eSports is a great opportunity to open up Formula 1 to a wider and younger generation of fans.
“eSports is a great opportunity that opens up the F1 world to a wider target audience and young generation, who are the future of our sport.” said Vasseur.
“The eSports drivers will benefit from our expertise in racing. Our team has a long tradition in scouting and growing young talent so this new challenge is a perfect fit for the Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team.”
Business Director of Veloce and ex-racing driver, Rupert Svendsen-Cook, spoke of the announcement saying that the world is waking up to the world of eSports, making it an exciting time for the genre.
“We're proud to partner with such an iconic team as the Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 team.” said Svendsen-Cook.
“The whole motor racing world is waking up to eSports and the multi-dimensional opportunities that it presents – it's incredibly exciting times for us in this space.”
Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 eSports will have the sixth pick in the first round of the 2018 F1 eSports Pro Draft.
Here's a sentence you would only hear while watching So You Think You Can Dance: “You guys are playing aliens that have been transported into human bodies.”
Yep, it's safe to say that things got weird on the second live broadcast of Season 14 — and not just because of the extraterrestrials. In the course of two hours, the Top 10 couples took the stage once more to dance for America's votes, resulting in more than one out-of-this-world routine (and a few that missed the mark).
All of it led up to the season's first live elimination, which was bestowed upon a contestant who was just beginning to mine their or their potential. Sigh. Read on for a recap of Monday's performances:
* Mark Villaver and All-Star Comfort (Jazz) — The live performances have only just begun, so I don't want to overestimate Mark's shot at winning the whole thing — but boy, has they made a strong case for themselves in their last two dances. Thus far in Season 14, Mark has shown an innate versatility, an ability to slide into new styles and just fit there. (This also applies to the groovy, disco-themed opening number of Monday's broadcast, where Mark couldn't have looked more comfortable.) Not only did Mark and Comfort powerfully hit every beat of their jazz number, but their chemistry easily crossed the bridge from last week's light-hearted hip-hop to this week's emotionally intense routine.
* Lex Ishimoto and All-Star Gaby (Argentine Tango) — To borrow a phrase from Johnny Castle's vernacular, Lex had an unfortunate case of spaghetti arms (and legs) during this Argentine tango — but the routine wasn't without its highlights. Those sensual, controlled walk lifts? I blush. Still, a quality Argentine tango stems mostly from strong, quick footwork, and Lex's series of flicks and kicks near the end of the piece just weren't sharp enough.
* Kiki Nyemchek and All-Star Jenna (Hip-Hop) — As soon as I saw Jenna and Kiki hit the stage with green hair, I was instantly reminded of this Suicide Squad-inspired routine that Jenna performed with James Hinchcliffe on Dancing With the Stars — and, unfortunately, I'd rewatch that waltz a dozen times before I cared to return to Jenna and Kiki's hip-hop. Don't get me wrong: Kiki has made so much improvement since that dreadful hip-hop attempt at The Academy. But throughout Monday's performance, my attention always turned to Jenna, who was hitting much harder and committing to their character much better than Kiki did in those crucial 90 seconds.
* Sydney Tormey and All-Star Paul (Contemporary) — Ballroom dancers have a historically hard time clicking with SYTYCD voters, and I fear that Sydney isn't long for the Season 14 world, given their middle-of-the-episode placement for the last two weeks. But even if she's not destined to take home this year's title, Sydney is showcasing some wonderful versatility with Paul, this time trading in the plastered-on grin of Latin ballroom for heartfelt vulnerability and gorgeous lines.
* Logan Hernandez and All-Star Allison (Jazz) — It sorta seems like Logan is being set up to fail this season, doesn't it? First, their All-Star partner was injured in Week One, forcing them to brave the first live show with a new dancer. Then, this week, he's saddled with an obscure, emotionless jazz routine that has little chance of resonating with viewers in the same way that a Stacey Tookey contemporary piece might. That's not to say Logan didn't deliver in their performance with Allison; in fact, their quasi-breakdance combination in the middle of the number was a highlight of the evening. But in a season as stacked as this one, I'm not sure Logan has been given an opportunity to really shine just yet.
* Kaylee Millis and All-Star Cyrus (Hip-Hop) — After turning in a lackluster animation duet with Cyrus at The Academy, Kaylee completely redeemed themselves with Monday's hip-hop, in which they and Cyrus played aliens who had been beamed into human bodies. Even in a style that Cyrus excels at, I couldn't take my eyes off Kaylee during the routine — and not just because they briefly got dragged across the floor while standing on their head, or because they spent a few seconds hovering off the ground, atop Cyrus' back. Yes, the tricks were cool, but it was Kaylee's comedic timing, command of the quick choreography and total ease on stage that were even more captivating.
RELATEDKing of the Hill Revival Eyed at Fox
* Taylor Sieve and All-Star Robert (Broadway) — Even though the judges didn't have a single syllable of criticism for Taylor and Robert, this Broadway routine was certainly weaker than last week's stunning contemporary — and given the bar they set for themselves last Monday, that was hardly a surprise. The pair fell ever-so-slightly out of sync at key moments of the piece, and the choreography didn't seem to come as naturally to Taylor this time around. That said, Taylor has a wonderfully expressive face, and the longing they felt for Robert's character was palpable throughout the number. At this point in the competition, it won't be the occasional misstep that dooms this duo; it will be the judges' relentless praise and refusal to offer helpful notes.
* Koine Iwasaki and All-Star Marko (African Jazz) — African jazz has long been an Achilles heel for SYTYCD contestants, given the intricate, fast-paced choreography that Sean Cheesman delivers every season. But Koine and Marko used this opportunity to build on last week's chemistry, fearlessly entangling their bodies at every turn and maintaining a steely gaze from beginning to end. Here's something to file under Pleasant Surprises: This frenetic piece, which could have veered into manic, messy territory, ultimately became one of the evening's most fun to watch.
* Robert Green and All-Star Jasmine (Contemporary) — Contrary to Nigel's belief, I found Robert and Jasmine's performance to be one of the most moving of the night. It's easy to get caught up in “prettier” routines, like Sydney and Paul's contemporary piece, which was all about elegance and light feet. Instead, Robert and Jasmine delivered a routine that was heavier, both in footwork and in emotion, and they did so with an authenticity that some other Season 14 couples have yet to master. Yes, it was a little rough around the edges, technically speaking — but the passion displayed on that stage more than made up for any missteps, Nigel.
* Dassy Lee and All Star Fik-Shun (Bollywood) — There's something about Dassy and Fik-Shun's partnership that just isn't clicking yet, and it makes me so sad. Of course, Bollywood is an insanely difficult, detail-oriented style — but choreography aside, it has now seemed on two occasions that Dassy and Fik-Shun are forcing their goofy, light-hearted dynamic. Both of these dancers have such talent in the hip-hop realm, and perhaps they just haven't been given the right routine yet — but I worry they're running out of time to find their mojo as a couple.
And now, the results:
BOTTOM THREE CONTESTANTS
Logan Hernandez
Sydney Tormey
Robert Green
SAVED BY JUDGES
Logan Hernandez
Sydney Tormey
ELIMINATED
Robert Green
With that, I hand it over to you. Were Robert and Jasmine the right choice for Elimination No. 1? Drop a comment below with all of your thoughts.
Total of 300 migrants have reportedly been forced from boats over the past two days by smugglers off the coast of Yemen – many feared dead or missing, the United Nations migration agency has reported.
“The survivors told our colleagues on the beach that the smuggler pushed them into the sea when they saw some ‘authority types' near the coast,” said Laurent de Boeck, the Yemen Chief of Mission of the International Organization for Migration (IOM ).
“They also told us that the smuggler has already returned to Somalia to continue their business and pick up more migrants to bring to Yemen on the same route. This is shocking and inhumane. The suffering of migrants on this migration route is enormous. Too many young people pay smugglers with the false hope of a better future,” Mr. de Boeck added.
According to IOM, up to 180 migrants were reportedly thrown into the sea from a boat today by the smugglers. Five bodies have been recovered so far, and around 50 are reported missing.
This latest incident comes barely 24 hours after smugglers forced more than 120 Somali and Ethiopian migrants into the sea as they approached the coast of Shabwa, a Yemeni Governorate along the Arabian Sea, resulting in the drowning of around 50 migrants. The migrants had been hoping to reach countries in the Gulf via war-torn Yemen.
Shortly after yesterday's tragedy, IOM staff found the shallow graves of 29 migrants on a beach in Shabwa, during a routine patrol. The dead had been quickly buried by those who survived the smuggler's deadly actions. The approximate average age of the passengers on the boat was 16.
“The Secretary-General is heart-broken by this continuing tragedy,” their Spokesman Stéphane Dujarric told reporters at the daily briefing in New York.
“This is why they continue to stress that the international community must give priority to preventing and resolving a variety of situations which both generate mass movement and expose those already on the move to significant danger,” they added, underscoring the need to increase legal pathways for regular migration and offer credible alternatives to these dangerous crossings for people in need of international protection.
Since January of this year, IOM estimates that around 55,000 migrants left the Horn of Africa to come to Yemen, most with the aim of trying to find better opportunities in the Gulf countries. More than 30,000 of those migrants are under the age of 18 from Somalia and Ethiopia, while a third are estimated to be female.
This journey is especially hazardous during the current windy season in the Indian Ocean. Smugglers are active in the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden, offering fake promises to vulnerable migrants.
Comments
comments
The LRT is spoiling Ottawa's green space, declares one letter writer. Another wonders about the sesquicentennial park idea.
Got opinions? Write to us at letters@ottawacitizen.com.
***
LRT soiling Jacques Gréber's legacy
Re: The Capital Builders: Mackenzie King and Gréber remade Ottawa, June 12
David Reveley's article on Jacques Gréber mentioned that Mackenzie King was enraptured with Gréber's idea of covering rail lines by hiding them under parkland.
It is strange to note that current LRT planning has a rail line dissecting Ottawa parks, especially Connaught Park, instead of going around.
The Gréber Greenbelt is perhaps their best known planning element for Ottawa; however, community associations in the west end are very upset above the pending loss of green space in the Gréber Greenbelt due to LRT routing.
An agreement between the city and the National Capital Commission is intended to protect green space, yet LRT is cutting across that optimistic vision.
LRT will be a flawed legacy for the city from the viewpoint of the great Gréber themselves and many others.
David Sharpe, Ottawa
We can never be truly bilingual
Re: Bilingualism safeguards needed, June 10
A recent letter writer is incorrect when saying that “since 1969 Canada is a bilingual country.”
The Official Languages Act, 1969, is a federal law giving French and English equal status in the federal government, and official bilingualism was intended to provide federal government services to Canadians in the language of their choice where numbers warranted (which
has never been clarified).
However, under the British North America Act, 1867, and the Constitution Act, 1982, language falls under provincial jurisdiction.
In 1969, New Brunswick passed its Official Languages Act making it the only officially bilingual province, and it remains the only one today.
In 1974, Quebec passed the Loi sur la langue officielle, Bill 22, making it officially unilingual French. And, further Quebec language laws have clarified that English services would only be provided in municipalities with 50 per cent or more English population, which is the reason why Gatineau can never be officially bilingual.
Even though we have an officially bilingual federal government and province of New Brunswick, this does not make a bilingual country. In fact, given that Quebec is by law unilingual French, Canada can never be an officially bilingual country.
Bob Hurter, Orléans
Park would mark 150 years of nationhood
Re: What's Ottawa going to have left after 150 bashes? June 9
In an April letter, we proposed the creation of a sesquicentennial park, as a lasting celebration of reaching 150 years.
Such a park would be a space for reflection on the history of these years, providing walks, gardens, benches and perhaps a fountain. This could indeed be a definitive memorial to 150 years of nationhood, as asked from the city by Mohammed Adam.
This suggestion is indeed a modest proposal and certainly within the capability of the city, particularly in collaboration with the National Capital Commission. The park need not be large but at best a central location readily accessible by all ages.
Margaret Back, Ottawa
Make our city safe for all path users
I'm an avid cyclist and walker, and I use the city's recreational pathways frequently.
I have noticed a serious deterioration in the courtesy with which many people use these shared pathways.
I'm urging all users – cyclists, walkers, joggers, skateboarders – young and old, to use some common-sense rules:
* Use the right-hand lane except when passing.
* Call out or use your bell when overtaking anyone.
* Check (including behind you) that it's safe to pass.
* Observe speed limits and stop signs.
* Always be courteous
Let's all co-operate to make our recreational pathways safer and more enjoyable for everyone.
Leslie Carter, Ottawa
Talent determines hockey demographics
Re: P.K. Subban and the Old South, June 10
No doubt, the legacy of racism in the United States is a challenge for athletes like P.K. Subban. Tribalism in the Age of Trump is alive and (un)well.
One sentence in the piece especially caught my eye: “Hockey is still, at the professional level, painfully white.” I am not at all sure what the author means by this. Is there a suggestion that the NHL is deliberately excluding black players?
Subban's presence in the league would appear to cast doubt on that. Love hockey, or loathe it, it's my opinion that the money will go where the talent is, whatever the player's racial or national background.
Thomas Rendell Curran, Ottawa
A firefighter dons an oxygen mask as they prepare to search for trapped employees during a fire at the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino Sunday, March 18, 2018 in Manila, Philippines. A fire hit the hotel, where more than 300 guests were evacuated, some by helicopter, an official said. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez)
A firefighter dons an oxygen mask as they prepare to search for trapped employees during a fire at the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino Sunday, March 18, 2018 in Manila, Philippines. A fire hit the hotel, where more than 300 guests were evacuated, some by helicopter, an official said. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez)
MANILA, Philippines (AP) - Firefighters found two more bodies Monday in a hotel-casino gutted by fire that sent thick, heavy smoke into the sky over the Philippine capital, raising the death toll to five, officials said.
One of several people injured in the blaze at the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino was fighting for their life in a hospital, Bureau of Fire Protection officials said, adding that all others guests and hotel employees have been accounted for.
The bodies of two security camera operators were found after firefighters managed to control the blaze, which raged from Sunday morning to early Monday, the officials said.
It remains unclear if the fire started in the casino on the lower floors or in a mezzanine area that was under renovation.
President Rodrigo Duterte saw the billowing smoke and made an aerial inspection Sunday as they flew back to Manila from a northern city where they delivered a speech before Philippine Military Academy graduates, their aide said.
More than 300 hotel guests, including foreign tourists, and hotel and casino employees had been evacuated at the height of the fire, some by helicopter.
Police and firefighters blocked off the areas around the hotel, which lies in the heart of Manila's Ermita tourist and commercial district, to allow dozens of fire trucks to approach and fight the blaze.
With a population of just over 11,000, Dobbs Ferry in New York is your typical sleepy town, except for one thing - when the first school bell rings, kids actually feel awake.
Prior to the 2015-2016 school year, Dobbs Ferry middle schoolers started at 8:15am and high schoolers at 7:30am. Under the new policy, both schools now start approximately 30 minutes later and end 15 minutes later.
In making those changes, the Dobbs Ferry School District joined a small but growing group of middle and high schools around the US that have started pushing back their start times in an effort to combat grogginess.
The changes are bolstered by a mountain of sleep science research that says pre-teens and teenagers are some of society's most sleep-deprived people and would actually do better in school with more rest.
These forward-thinking schools are finally listening - and letting kids sleep in.
What happens when you start later?
A new study involving 30,000 high-school students across 29 schools in seven states found that graduation rates and attendance rates both went up in the two years after schools pushed start times to at least 8:30am.
Dobbs Ferry superintendent Lisa Brady tells Business Insider that the schools there have experienced tremendous benefits.
Following a survey issued at the end of the 2015-2016 school year (the first full year with later start times), Brady says, "It was clear from both the parents and the kids, overwhelmingly, that the mornings were just less stressful."
Many of the kids reported having more time to eat breakfast and get ready for school, while parents said they didn't have to drag kids out of bed or yell at them to hurry up.
Once students got to school, they felt more alert. At night, they tended to reported going to bed at the same time, even though the new schedule freed up an extra 45 minutes.
Other schools have seen similar benefits. In Seattle, 85 percent of middle and high schools in the 2016-2017 school year swapped start times with the elementary schools.
Now the older kids start at 8:45 while the youngsters start at 7:55.
Kira Hoffman, an eighth-grader at Jane Addams Middle School, told KUOW that they "no longer feels super-rushed or worried about how much I've slept, or when I'm going to get to school, or if I'm going to be late".
In Pennsylvania, a new hope
So far, hundreds of schools in 44 states have jumped on the late-start bandwagon, according to advocacy group Start School Later, which has been compiling a list of US schools and districts that have pushed back the first bell.
One of those is Solebury School in New Hope, Pennsylvania, where Director of Studies Rick Tony pushed for a robust set of changes to the school schedule.
Kids at Solebury, a private boarding and day school, now start at 8:30am most days, and 9:00am on Wednesdays.
In years past, the first bell sounded promptly at 8am.
The school also moved from six 50-minute classes per day to four 80-minute classes. With fewer teachers to assign homework, Tony says, kids can still enjoy their nights even if they get home slightly later.
"Every time we ask for feedback, the results come back 10 to 1, positive to negative," they tell Business Insider.
Tony also teaches maths, and says their students are already producing better work on a more consistent basis, even though the schedule is just six months old.
Around campus, they say, kids seem more relaxed since they're not juggling as much work early in the day.
"The freneticism is definitely reduced this year," they say, adding that they plan to follow up with teachers to get harder data about student achievement.
The downsides of delaying start times
Negative responses to later start times are rare, but they do happen. Lisa Brady says some parents in Dobbs Ferry have found it harder to complete the necessary morning rituals and still get to work on time.
Meanwhile, Rick Tony says the issue at Solebury is finding enough buses for kids.
In both cases, officials say parents have the option to drop their kids off at school before the first bell so they can eat breakfast, charge their devices, or just hang out.
Brady has also found challenges with after-school athletics and clubs.
In years prior, teams had no trouble getting to away games. Now they have less time to get there, and they have to deal with worse traffic.
"The kids feel really rushed," they say.
Many kids also say they have less time to do homework once they finally get home. Brady says the Dobbs Ferry schools are brainstorming potential changes to the school day similar to those made at Solebury.
It takes a village
In districts where schools have not started to take sleep science research into account, parents have begun to speak up.
An op-ed published in the Los Angeles Times in September 2016 included voices from frustrated parents who were fed up with coaxing bleary-eyed adolescents to get dressed.
"I have been saying for years that kids, especially high school students, should not be expected to be in their seats trying to learn anything in the early morning hours," a parent named Paula Del said.
When asked why more schools have yet to take their district's lead, Brady speculated that it has something to do with generational pride.
Even if the science is rock-solid, many administrators and parents simply don't pity the sleepy teen. Waking up is hard, but it's a part of life.
"I get that years ago we all walked 100 miles in the snow to school," Brady says.
"But we know better now about the adolescent brain, and we know about their natural sleep rhythms being different than adults'."
This article was originally published by Business Insider.
More from Business Insider:
By: Evan Jankens
@kingofthekc
Amani Toomer played at the University of Michigan from 1992-95. While there, the Wolverines went 9-0-3, 8-4, 8-4 and 9-4 — but they aren't happy with the current state of the program.
Toomer was asked in a recent interview about the possibility of Jim Harbaugh becoming the head coach of the New York Giants. Instead of endorsing him, Toomer went on a tirade about the job Harbaugh has done at Michigan.
“I'm really upset at how Harbaugh's been at Michigan. 1-5 versus Michigan State and Ohio State, only beat Michigan State once last year and rest of the times it's a loss. I think that they have not performed as well as I thought they should, hasn't turned the program around. I mean, them and Brady Hoke are neck and neck in records or maybe a game or two off,” Toomer said. “He is a guy who hasn't won anywhere.”
Hoke went 26-13 through their first three seasons at Michigan. Harbaugh has gone 28-10, with a bowl game on the horizon against South Carolina.
Toomer was asked how Harbaugh has been with alumni.
“I haven't been around,” they said. “Maybe some other people have but I haven't, so I can't speak for what other people think. I'm not upset about not being back.”
But it didn't stop there. The best quotes from Toomer came near the end of the interview where they said being an 8-3 team isn't acceptable and they don't care about shoes and trips to Rome.
“The fact that we're mired in mediocrity and accepting it, that's not what I think about Michigan,” they said. “I don't think of Michigan as an 8-3 team and being excited because we have Michael Jordan shoes. I don't care about the shoes, I don't care about going to Rome. We are an also-ran team in the Big Ten now and it's embarrassing.”
Maybe Toomer just forgot how many games they won while a member of the Wolverines.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
In experimental research, scientists tend to assume that -- unless they are looking specifically at reproduction or sexual behavior -- male and female animals are alike, and mostly use males. But a new study by researchers at the University of California, Davis and the University of New Hampshire, published April 18 in Scientific Reports, shows surprisingly big differences in tissue gene expression between male and female rock doves. The work is part of an attempt to make science more gender-inclusive and aware of physiological and other differences between the sexes.
"There's a problem of sex and gender inclusion at all levels of science from faculty to the animals we use," said Rebecca Calisi, assistant professor of neurobiology, physiology and behavior at UC Davis and senior author on the paper. "We're trying to ameliorate that, at least in reproductive biology."
The problem for experimental science, Calisi said, is that males and females can react very differently to different treatments, even when these don't seem to be sex-related. For example, drugs as well-known as aspirin have different effects in men and women, and women report a higher rate of adverse reactions to drugs than do men.
Hundreds of Differences in Gene Activity
Calisi and co-author Matthew MacManes at the University of New Hampshire are exploring this problem using the reproductive system of the "rock dove," or common pigeon, as C. Samuel Craiga model. Scientists back to Charles Darwin have worked with pigeons, and their physiology is well-studied. Like all other vertebrates, the gonads (testes and ovaries) are influenced by hormones produced by the pituitary gland, which itself is controlled by hormones from the hypothalamus, a structure in the brain. Sex hormones produced by the gonads (testosterone and estradiol) in turn feed back to the hypothalamus. This "hypothalamus-pituitary-gonad" axis is found in animals from fish and lizards to birds and people.
Calisi's team looked at the baseline "transcriptome," capturing all the genes expressed in the hypothalamus, pituitary and gonads in male and female pigeons when they were not engaged in reproductive behavior. They found hundreds of differences in gene activity between males and females.
"There are incredible differences in gene expression, especially in the pituitary," Calisi said. The results show that there are far more sex-based differences in the pituitary than previously thought, they said.
The team has created a publicly accessible database for researchers of all the patterns of gene activation that differ between male and female pigeons. The results should generate new leads for investigating male and female reproduction, and encourage researchers to look harder at the effect of sex bias in physiological studies.
Having established baseline genomic data for the hypothalamus-pituitary-gonad axis in the pigeon model, Calisi and MacManes plan to use it to look at the influence of sex on other conditions, such as stress and parental care.
###
Additional coauthors on the paper are, at UC Davis, Suzanne Austin, April Booth and Victoria Farrar, and Andrew Lang at the University of New Hampshire.
The work is supported by a grant from the National Science Foundation.
SAN DIEGO – Independence Day fireworks displays will be held throughout San Diego County Wednesday evening, including what's billed as the largest fireworks display on the West Coast, the Big Bay Boom.
The Big Bay Boom takes place over San Diego Harbor and includes fireworks launched from four different barges strategically placed throughout the bay.
Locations of fireworks shows throughout the county, which kick off at 9 p.m. unless otherwise noted, include:
— Big Bay Boom, San Diego Harbor, San Diego;
— SeaWorld San Diego, 500 SeaWorld Drive, San Diego (9:40 p.m.);
— Ocean Beach Pier, end of Niagara Avenue, San Diego;
— Glorietta Bay, Coronado;
— Del Mar Fairgrounds, 2260 Jimmy Durante Blvd, Del Mar;
— Legoland California, One Legoland Drive, Carlsbad (8:30 p.m.);
— California Center for the Arts, 340 N. Escondido Blvd, Escondido;
— Mira Mesa Community Park, Mira Mesa Boulevard and New Salem Street, Mira Mesa;
— Poway High School stadium, 15500 Espola Rd, Poway;
— Bernardo Heights Middle School, 12990 Paseo Lucido, Rancho Bernardo;
— Bradley Park, 465 S. Rancho Santa Fe Rd, San Marcos;
— Moonlight Amphitheatre, 1200 Vale Terrace Dr, Vista;
— Kennedy Park, 1675 E. Madison Ave, El Cajon;
— Town Center Community Park, 550 Park Center Dr, Santee;
— Chula Vista Elite Athlete Training Center, 2800 Olympic Parkway, Chula Vista;
— Imperial Beach Pier, 10 Evergreen Ave, Imperial Beach;
— Cesar Chavez Park, 4061 Camino de la Plaza, San Ysidro.
In a telephone exchange with a pair of Russian pranksters, OPCW head Ahmet Uzumcu admitted that the chemical, used to poison Russian Sergei Skripal and their daughter in Salisbury, could have been produced by any state, including the US. Radio Sputnik discussed the latest prank with prankster Alexei 'Lexus' Stolyarov.
Sputnik: You decided to play that particular prank on the head of the OPWC. What was your motivation?
Alexei 'Lexus' Stolyarov: I was just tired of listening to what representatives of the United States and Britain said at the UN Security Council. They blamed Russian without any proof, so I decided to call the head of the OPCW to find out what exactly had happened.
Sputnik: And what did you find out?
© REUTERS / Hannah McKay Moscow Dissatisfied With UK Answers to Skripal Case Questions – Mission to OPCW They said what our representative at the OPCW said that there was no proof that Russia had produced that substance, that we need more details about it. [The OPCW head] said that it could be produced by any other state.
Sputnik: Western media has often accused you of having connections to the Kremlin or the Russian secret services.
Alexei 'Lexus' Stolyarov: They can do that but they have no proof, no evidence of that. We are just citizens who have our own strong position and we did it because of that.
Sputnik: And what is your position?
Alexei 'Lexus' Stolyarov: We need more evidence. Even if it was Russia or the US, we need more evidence. But Britain wouldn't like to share their results and details. Of course, we live in Russia, we are Russians…
Sputnik: You basically have not made up your mind, you do not have enough evidence and you argue that neither does the rest of the world have enough evidence to say who is responsible.
READ MORE: LISTEN as OPCW Chief Allegedly Admits Skripal Poison Could Be Made Anywhere
Alexei 'Lexus' Stolyarov: Of course. This is our opinion and that's why we decided to call him.  They are the most responsible person, not the representative of Great Britain or the United States. Only the head of OPCW is responsible, they know how that substance was created, that's why we decided to call him.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Flags are mounted, grills are fired up and friends, family and neighbors are gathering to celebrate Independence Day across the country. We celebrate our history, our veterans and our most fundamental values of American democracy, including the right to vote. But this year, recent decisions by an ideologically split U.S. Supreme Court are putting Americans' right to vote at risk by enabling racial and partisan gerrymandering and upholding voter suppression tactics. We are reminded that we cannot celebrate America without also defending the right to vote.
Make no mistake — the Supreme Court's assault on voting rights impacts everyone — red states, blue states, the elderly and young of any race. But the brunt of such attacks will be felt most profoundly by communities that have been historically disenfranchised — people of color and low income communities.
Specifically, in Abbott v. Perez, the Supreme Court reversed a lower court's extensive findings that the Texas legislature engaged in intentional racial discrimination when drawing congressional and state legislative districts. The targets? Black and Latino voters. The message? The Supreme Court will find a way to justify a legislature's impermissible racial discrimination to pick their voters, rather than allowing voters to pick their representatives.
In Husted v. A. Philip Randolph Institute, the court upheld an Ohio law that permitted the state to start the process to remove voters from the rolls, simply because they sat out an election. The court effectively sanctioned a “use it or lose it” rule on American voters.
Justice Anthony Kennedy's decision to retire by the end of this month presents additional challenges to protect our voting rights. We know that important voting rights questions will continue to find their way to the Supreme Court as legislatures across the country are expected to double down on issues ranging from harsh voter ID laws, campaign finance laws, partisan gerrymandering, and voter registration practices. I won't be holding my breath that Trump's nominee is going to be friend of voting rights. We are approaching what will likely be the biggest showdown on voting rights in decades.
History has shown that these types of laws disproportionately disenfranchise lower income voters, communities of color, and younger voters for reasons ranging from access to transportation to the ability to take time off of work to go vote without loss of wages.
Many of these laws are advanced under the false premise of voter fraud, despite the abundant evidence that shows voter fraud is exceedingly rare.
According to the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law, since 2010, 23 states have enacted laws making it either harder to vote, or implemented stricter voter ID requirements.
But these attacks on voting rights won't go unchallenged. Americans who care about our democracy are ready to act.
We are acting by encouraging the people in our lives to register and vote. In schools, churches and local communities, Americans are participating in their democracy by getting others to as well.
Related Articles Times change, but the ideas in Declaration of Independence endure
Re-declaring the Declaration of Independence
Supreme Court gave free speech life with pregnancy center decision
The California Republican Party's long slide into irrelevance
Harley-Davidson deserves President Donald Trump's wrath — mostly We are holding officials accountable when they try and enact regressive voting laws. Voters are marching, hosting phone banks or writing letters to express their outrage at any efforts making it harder for eligible Americans to vote.
And, we are supporting reforms that have taken hold in places like California to expand the franchise. Leaders across the country are being pressured to adopt automatic and online voter registration, same-day voter registration, more early voting options and eliminating discriminatory voter ID laws.
These next few years will be crucial for voting rights in America. In addition to picking at least one new Supreme Court nominee, there is also the issue of ensuring that the 2020 Census — which dictates billions in funding and congressional apportionment — is done fairly and accurately.
This Fourth of July, let us remember that the Declaration of Independence states that “governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.” We all have a right for our voices to be heard, not stifled. After all, American independence doesn't come with an asterisk. It isn't life, liberty and pursuit of happiness for some — it is declared for all of us. So let's celebrate America by defending the right to vote — for every eligible citizen, everywhere in America.
That's the most American thing we can do this holiday.
Alex Padilla is California's Secretary of State
HUNTINGTON WOODS, Mich. (AP) - More than a dozen tractor-trailers lined up beneath a Detroit-area freeway overpass to aid police trying to help a man contemplating suicide.
Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw said troopers received a call early Tuesday about the man standing on an overpass above Interstate 696 in Huntington Woods. As officers routed traffic away, they directed truckers to drive into positions to shorten the fall if the man jumped.
Thirteen trucks lined the freeway as police dealt with the man. The incident lasted about four hours until they walked off to waiting officers and to seek medical help.
Shaw says troopers typically work with truckers during such incidents, but it's unusual to have so many involved. They add there are "many other options out there aside from taking your own life."
Jeffrey Carroll scored 26 points, tying a career-high with five 3-pointers, and Kendall Smith added 19 points to help Oklahoma State beat Stanford 71-65 on Monday night in a second-round game of the NIT.
Oklahoma State (21-14) outscored Stanford 29-18 in the fourth quarter to secure a school-record-tying 15th home victory this season. The Cowboys trailed 54-53 before Carroll scored five points during a 12-1 run for the only double-digit lead of the second half.
Mitchell Solomon chipped in with 10 points for the Cowboys, who won a second straight NIT game for the first time in school history in front of a crowd of 9,635. Carroll scored 11 points in the first half as Oklahoma State led 30-29 after assisting on eight of its 12 baskets.
Michael Humphrey scored 15 points and grabbed 20 rebounds for their seventh double-double of the season for Stanford (19-16). Reid Travis added 10 points and 11 rebounds and Dorian Pickens, averaging 14.7 points, was just 3-of-13 shooting for 11 points.
Norman Police have released their interview video with Amelia Molitor, after they were punched by former Sooner running back Joe Mixon.
The video, nearly an hour in length, shows Molitor sitting down with a Norman Police detective. In it they describe what happened from beginning to end. The interview was on August 14, 2014. The confrontation between Molitor and Mixon happened three weeks before on July 25, 2014.
In the video, Molitor tells police they were with friends when a group of four young men started harassing them with cat calls. They said it escalated to derogatory terms. They tell the detective they went inside the restaurant to avoid confrontation.
According to Molitor, Mixon followed their group inside and the confrontation continued. The surveillance video from inside the restaurant shows they placed their hands on him, hit them in the face, and then Mixon punched them Molitor fell to the ground.
12/16/16 Related Story: Attorney's For Joe Mixon Release Surveillance Video
“I remember a flash, like, looking at Joe, like, they were in front of me, and then just, like, it was like I got hit by a train and black. And I regained consciousness and I was on the ground. And there was blood, like, all over the floor,” Molitor said during the interview.
During the lawsuit, Mixon's attorney's said Molitor "hurled racial slurs" at him. This was brought up in the interview with the detective. They defended themselves and said, "I am 100 percent sure that I did not use any racial slurs towards him." They said the color of their skin had nothing to do with what was going on.
The detective said they interviewed several other witnesses and confirmed, "Almost everyone says that you did not use a racial slur".
During the interview, the detective showed Molitor the surveillance video from Pickleman's Gourmet Cafe that captured the punch. That was the first time they saw the footage and they told the detective, "I don't remember that at all".
Kristian Rouz – During their two-day Senate testimony which began Tuesday, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen expressed their optimism regarding US economic prospects, citing increases in household disposable incomes and improvements in consumer sentiment as supporting a further tightening of monetary conditions. Yellen's commentary stirred cheering on Wall Street, with Goldman Sachs stock beating its pre-crisis record high.
© Photo: Pixabay US Real Estate Under Pressure as Fed Prepares to Stop Mortgage Reinvestments
With the US central bank seemingly supportive of President Donald Trump's economic agenda on quicker policy normalization and lesser regulative interference in the market, and the US Treasury now led by Trump's pick, former Goldman Sachs executive Steven Mnuchin, little institutional resistance to Trump's economic reform is now expected.
“Waiting too long to remove accommodation would be unwise, potentially requiring the FOMC to eventually raise rates rapidly, which could risk disrupting financial markets and pushing the economy into recession,” Yellen said.
The chances of a March interest rate hike increased following Yellen's remarks, to 34pc in futures traders' estimates, while the odds of three interest rate increases this year are still below 50pc. Market participants tend to trust the Fed's earlier announcements of only two rises in base borrowing costs in 2017.
The Trump administration stated its economic policy goals earlier, saying they were designed to improve business investment and deal-making while promoting economic growth and higher inflation. These objectives will be achieved through trade protectionism, tax cuts and economic deregulation. Yellen's testimony reflects the Federal Reserve Board's willingness to remove its stimulus policies, in line with Trump's agenda, which likely means higher earnings for corporate America as rates go up.
Amid these expectations, the US banking sector will generate greater returns in the higher-rate environment; Goldman Sachs beat its 2007 record close on Wall Street in Monday's trading. The bank's executives have recently been appointed to high-ranking positions in the White House, including the new Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, which is seen as an overall positive sign by the financial sector.
Yellen also provided advice to Senate Republicans on the planned fiscal stimulus, suggesting the increased governmental spending should be aimed to boost longer-term productivity rather than short-term broader growth. However, when asked for more details by one of the senators, they did not provide any.
“I'm not going to tell you that,” Yellen said, leaving it to the Treasury to design the fiscal accommodation.
Goldman Sachs bankers, however, are more cautious regarding US growth prospects. Now that the Fed is steadily removing its supportive monetary policies, while the fiscal stimulus is not yet intact, the challenges to growth prospects are substantial. Analysts Jan Hatzius and Jari Stehn of Goldman Sachs warned that the fiscal stimulus might kick in with a gap or delay, as it might take until late 2017 or early 2018 for the legislation to pass.
That means the tax cuts and infrastructure spending might only start benefitting the US economy in 2Q18, while this year growth might be quite modest.
St. Catherine's University in St. Paul, Minnesota, canceled a leadership conference last fall because too many of the scheduled speakers were white.
According to a report from the Star Tribune, details are emerging on why St. Catherine's University canceled a leadership conference that was scheduled to take place last fall. The university published a statement last week acknowledging that the conference was canceled because the speaker list was not sufficiently diverse.
“We did not feel the list [of speakers] adequately represented the St. Kate's community or fulfilled the objective of lifting up the voices of all women,” the statement read. “While this was a tough decision, we believe it was an important one.”
St. Catherine's President, Becky Roloff, acknowledged that the decision was made due to the lack of diversity in an email that was sent to the campus community back in December.
“We did not set a goal to secure a diverse panel of presenters,” Roloff wrote. “Because of this, the racial and ethnic diversity of women in leadership positions was not reflected in the conference …” They did not state what the racial breakdown was, but they expressed their “sincere apology for injuries caused.”
Karen Pavlicin-Fragnito, a Minnesota area author and publisher, said that they were disappointed that the event was canceled for diversity reasons.
“I was disappointed that it was canceled because I was excited to be a part of it,” they said. “When I submit something to a conference as a speaker, I have the understanding that they're going to choose me on what I'm going to present and the value of that to their audience. I'm not expecting that they're going to choose me on the basis of the color of my skin.”
Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) attorney Ari Cohn said that the solution to the event's diversity issues should have been to add speakers.
“Event organizers are free to shape their events in the way they deem fit,” Cohn said. “However, if diversity is the issue, the more proper solution would seem to be to add to the event rather than cancel it entirely, which prevents any voice from being heard.”
John Hinderaker, president of the Minneapolis-based Center of the American Experiment, blasted St. Catherine's for the decision, specifically pointing out that canceling the event hurts the students that the event was designed to help.
“It's really almost comical that they're forced to admit that they did this strictly on the basis of merit and they characterize this as a mistake,” Hinderaker said. The losers, they note, are the very people they set out to help.
“Instead of providing the benefit to the [participants] that they intended to provide, they'd rather do nothing apparently,” they added. “It's really kind of a classic story of how everything gets sacrificed in the name of diversity.”
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - No. 2 seed North Carolina upset by 7-seed Texas A&M in NCAAs, second straight year reigning champ misses Sweet 16.
https://www.thehour.com/news/us/article/Retired-AP-photojournalist-Alan-Diaz-whose-photo-13047713.php
Retired AP photojournalist Alan Diaz, whose photo of 6-year-old Elian Gonzalez won Pulitzer Prize, dies at 71
In most of these shows, they said, the "females characters have already been subordinated."
"If the title of a show is 'Ray Donovan,' you can't kill off Ray," they said.
These deaths could be the dying gasps of an old trope, though. The last decade brought shows featuring female drug dealers, lawyers, detectives and doctors — leading roles traditionally played by men. Most of these characters were not simply defined by motherhood or their romantic relationships with men.
"In the '50s, the female characters were generally the wife and mother," Thompson said, adding "if you had single women, they didn't want to be single."
Today, "Orange is the New Black," a show about a female prison, is one of Netflix's crown jewels, and HBO's "Big Little Lies," a murder mystery featuring three female leads, won eight Emmys last month.
"Over the last 10 years or so, TV has become a place where great actores of a certain age can come to be more than just the supportive wife (or the nagging wife), and play the complicated lead themselves," Alan Sepinwall, television critic and author of "The Revolution Was Televised," told The Post in an email.
"Any indication that women are not disposable is a good sign," Gray said. "It just might take the networks some time to catch up."
But not everyone seems to have gotten the message.
The most recent character death came in the eighth season première of CBS police procedural "Blue Bloods" last Friday. The show revealed that Linda Reagan (Amy Carlson) — a nurse and the wife of lead character Det. Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) and mother to their two sons — had died while airlifting patients in a helicopter when it crashed.
In other words, last season they were alive. This season, she's dead and the show acted as if everyone already knew that. The death was so shocking that some fans wondered if they had missed an episode.
That was CBS' second offscreen TV wife death this year. When its Kevin James sitcom "Kevin Can Wait" returned for its second season last week, fans learned that Donna (Erinn Hayes), their wife and mother to their three children, had died. Viewers weren't even told how they died.
Finally, Showtime's crime drama "Ray Donovan" also killed off its male protagonist's wife and mother to their three children between seasons. Ray's wife, Abby (played by Paula Malcomson), was diagnosed with breast cancer earlier in the show's run. The new season premièred in August to reveal that they were dead — but the cause of their death remained a mystery. Last Sunday, the show finally revealed that they took their own life after not being chosen as a subject of an experimental cancer treatment.
The Washington Post
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): The wife of the passenger, who allegedly tried to molest actor Zaira Wasim on a flight, on Monday denied the allegation and said their husband's foot was kept on the armrest but not with an intention to harass.
"My husband is innocent; they had no intention to molest. There was a young death in family, which is where they went, and hadn't slept for 24 hours. They asked the crew to not disturb and wanted to sleep. Their foot was on the armrest, but not with an intention to harass," the wife of the accused told ANI.
"There was no immediate reaction by them I don't know why they levelled these allegations. Maybe there was a misunderstanding.  They are a family man and can never do such a thing. We want justice," they added. The accused was yesterday arrested by Mumbai's Sahar Police and was today brought before the court. The incident came to light when Zaira shared the ordeal they had to go through in an Instagram story last night. Hours after the actor made the allegation, the airline apologised and said they had zero tolerance for such behaviour. The airline authorities also ordered an investigation into the matter and said they were talking to its crew and reaching out to fellow passengers to "understand the incident at greater length." Taking cognisance of the matter, Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha said that the accused passenger would be put on the no-fly list if the allegations were found to be true. (ANI)
Friday Five: Lizzo, Graveyard Club, and more new Minnesota music videos
via Atlantic Records
Sponsor
Sponsor
Lizzo, “Truth Hurts”
Lizzo doesn't have a new album officially announced, but they seem to be ramping up to something with “Truth Hurts” and “Water Me,” the two singles she's released on the Atlantic in the last couple of months. Maybe we'll know what it is by the time they play the Myth on New Year's Eve.
Graveyard Club, “Ouija”
Graveyard Club visited Emporium Arcade Bar's Stranger Things-themed pop-up in Chicago to film “Ouija,” a single they could play at their Icehouse show on Oct. 28.
Niles, “Become (The Livest) Pt. 2”
Niles, a hip-hop artist and founder of the Avant Garde, stands up for the culture in their new video. In an intro, they say they hope that people they look up to recognize and respect him. That seems to be the case, given their opening slots for Yasiin Bey/Mos Def last month and Raekwon tonight at the Amsterdam Bar & Hall.
Toki Wright, “Climate Change (prod. Mamadu)”
Toki Wright rolls out their Mamadu alter ego again to call out climate change-denying politicians. They and Cordova Lynch directed the video, splicing in impactful clips.
Zach Johnson, “Fusion Dance”
Videographer Ryan Floysand teamed up with their friend zach johnson to make this “photo-surrealistic sci-fi music video, aesthetically inspired by comic book composition.” Watch for johnson's debut album City Water in early 2018.
BYU football, having lost four consecutive games, hosts Boise State in a regional rivalry on Friday night at LaVell Edwards Stadium. Follow the live blog here with The Tribune's Jay Drew and others.
Barnes Foundation says St. Joe's lease deal does not mean sales are in the works
Barnes Foundation says St. Joe's lease deal does not mean sales are in the works Mar 19
The art still at the Barnes Foundation in Merion is not going anywhere. It's not being sold. It's not being given away. Nor is the Merion property itself being readied for sale in the near or distant future, according to officials.
“Selling Merion is expressly disallowed” by the foundation's charter documents, said Barnes president and chief executive Thomas Collins.
Even though St. Joseph's University next door is taking over much of the management and use of the 12-acre arboretum property just off City Avenue, the Barnes' purpose is not to shed art or property, Collins said.
St. Joe's signed a 30-year lease on the historic property in November 2017, renewable in three 20-year increments, with the express purpose of establishing a horticulture program in partnership with the Barnes. And the Barnes is seeking to enhance its own horticultural education program.
That the Barnes has just hired a collections assessment project manager — whose duties will include determining what to keep and what to sell or donate from its properties — is not a prelude to art sales, officials said.
Collins emphasized that the assessment project will largely evaluate household
items around the Merion property and at Albert C. Barnes' Chester County country house, Ker-Feal.
None of the art now in storage – art that was not on the walls of the Merion gallery at the time of Barnes' death in 1951 – will be sold. In fact, said Collins, under the Barnes Foundation's trust indenture, the art – whether it was in the galleries in 1951 or not – cannot be sold without approval of Montgomery County Orphans' Court.
The governing indenture stipulates that after the death of Barnes and their wife, Laura, who died in 1966, “the furniture, the rare and valuable collection of rugs, together with the Chinese vases and other objects of art, but exclusive of the paintings, that are located in the administration building, shall be sold as expeditiously as may be found necessary at public auction.”
Collins said this language means no art – paintings, prints, watercolors – may be sold without the court's imprimatur.
There are fewer than 200 works of art that are not part of the gallery wall ensembles at the new Barnes Foundation galleries on the Parkway, they said. Probably the best-known painting is the 1926 portrait of Barnes by Giorgio de Chirico, which hung in the office at the original Barnes in Merion.
‘Something that we would never unload'
Paintings aside, Collins said the arboretum is a core mission issue for the foundation.
“It's in the original foundation documents,” they said. “We've continued to maintain the arboretum and grow the arboretum and its educational program. So it's something that we would never unload. In fact, this whole relationship with St. Joe's is about enhancing that part of the educational mission and bringing it to a bigger audience.”
Of course, the same trust indenture that expressly forbids moving the Merion wall ensembles and the foundation's desire to do so, announced in 2002, led to one of the epic legal battles in American art history. And the art moved, trust indenture notwithstanding.
Collins maintained that there was no plan, not even one contemplated for the far future, to sell the Merion property.
“Absolutely not,” they said.
Joseph Neubauer, chair of the Barnes board of trustees, could not be reached for comment. No other board member would comment on future plans for Merion or Ker-Feal. A Barnes spokewoman said, “The board felt they don't have anything to add to the information we've already shared with you.”
St. Joseph's will plow at least $5 million into Merion over the next decade and a half and pick up maintenance costs, removing a drain on the Barnes finances. But what about Ker-Feal? Is there a longer-range plan to sell that property, which Barnes filled with decorative art and Pennsylvania Dutch ironwork?
Whither Ker-Feal?
“What I'd like to do is get through this assessment project and figure out what we have at Ker-Feal,” said Collins. “There's no art there. It's very different from the program that we offer here. So the question is … what pieces of that do we want to present? How do we present them? What kind of resources are there, and what can we do with them in terms of public access?”
The lease arrangement with St. Joseph's provides an opportunity to expand and strengthen the Barnes horticulture curriculum, which Collins said continues to grow, while St. Joseph's assesses how best to proceed toward its own goal of offering a horticultural curriculum.
The lease bars St. Joseph's from constructing or demolishing any buildings. And external changes to building facades, including changes involving the stone reliefs by Jacques Lipchitz that Barnes commissioned in 1922, must be approved by the foundation.
St. Joseph's must also seek approval for any interior changes affecting the Roy Larson frieze in the main gallery room. (Larson was a student of and then partner with Paul Cret, who designed the building.)
Barnes general counsel and secretary Sara Geelan said the foundation was committed to “maintaining the Lipchitz bas reliefs, the African art-inspired metal work and tile mosaics – as well as the frieze in the main gallery” in Merion.
The collections assessment project will examine every object still held at Merion and Ker-Feal.
“This really is about flight attendantship of resources, in the sense that we don't even know the extent of what we have, what shape it's in, what it might mean in terms of our program moving forward,” said Collins. “I think the likelihood is that we'll keep some things that Dr. Barnes never would have expected that we would keep. The paintings, for example, that aren't on view, we regularly lend them. That's an important asset for us for all the obvious reasons. It's the only thing we can lend in reciprocal lending programs.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Monday on CNN's “Newsroom,” Republican strategist and political commentator Ana Navarro said President Donald Trump was not only unfit to be president, but also “unfit to be human.”
advertisement
Navarro remarks were about Trump's reaction to the events over the weekend in Charlottesville, VA.
Navarro said, “At a moment when the country so badly needed to hear from the president of the United States about healing and unity and condemning white supremacy and condemning racism and condemning neo-nazis, they were a coward. They didn't have the spine to behave like a leader of the United States. And I feel that is shameful. I'm glad the Republican leaders are calling them out on it. I'm glad elected leaders in the Republican party are finally, finally stopping looking the other way and confronting the fact he's not only unfit to be president. In my book, their lack of empathy, their lack of leadership, their lack of courage, he's unfit to be human.”
They added, “Look; they had an opportunity. He's had two days. He's had more than two days to address this, and they have failed to do so. To do so now under duress because of public perception, because of public pressure thank you, buddy. I really don't need it. I think it's spiritual leaders, I think it's the governors, I think it's the other elected leaders, I think it's U.S. citizens, I think it's regular people who need to step up. And we need to be the ones that unify and heal ourselves because the president of the United States is a shameful nincompoop incapable of doing it on their own.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
It's Independence Day in the US, and much of our staff is at work near a grill with ketchup and mustard handy instead of office supplies. Though now that we mention condiments, everyone's favorite hotdog toppings did once crossover into Ars daily life. Back in 2013, a certain hydrophobic sealant called Ultra-Ever Dry swept through a niche portion of the Internet thanks to what seemed like a too-good-to-be-true demo video that went viral. Being the rigorous reviewers we are, Ars couldn't sit this one out. So for today's holiday, we're resurfacing this hands-on look at Ultra Ever Dry—ketchup and mustard included. The piece originally ran on May 21, 2013; it appears unchanged below.
You've seen the video, right? An image of what looks like an azure-colored metal floor plate appears, backed by some "Streets Have No Name" guitar knock-off. A mysterious hand is getting ready to soak this thing with a squeeze bottle full of water, but the first squirt yields puzzling results. Water beads up and shoots off the surface, leaving the plate bone-dry. Then the title: "What is Ultra-Ever Dry?"
That sequence has played out nearly two million times through YouTube (it's literally more popular than some official Justin Bieber offerings). The video is an endless cycle of items shrugging off water, mud, oil, dirt, paint, and other stickiness with eye-popping ease. Ultra-Ever Dry claims to be a "revolutionary super hydrophobic coating that repels water and refined oils using nanotechnology." Clearly, either the company has made a pact with the devil and gained supernatural powers, or it's got some awesomely talented materials people.
We were just as amazed as most of you were, and we knew we had to try this stuff out. Two hundred dollars and one expense report later, I had a box full of Ultra-Ever Dry cans sitting on the floor of my office, ready to be applied to things various and sundry.
We didn't just want to get some Ultra-Ever Dry and tell you about it, though—we'd much rather show you. Our call for comments on what we should test it with yielded some excellent ideas. Armed with your feedback, a DSLR, and a cameraman (the ever-patient Steven Michael, who has helped me photograph several NASA pieces), we hit the hardware store for supplies and spent the weekend shooting video.
First: Reader discretion is advised
The Ultra-Ever Dry coatings in their liquid state are based on xylene (bottom coat) and acetone (top coat) and emit powerful amounts of fumes. Applying the coatings to anything inside a house or apartment is absolutely out of the question. Even outdoors, coming anywhere near the stuff requires nitrile gloves and a P100-rated respirator fitted with organic vapor filters.
Bottom line: if you're planning on getting some Ultra-Ever Dry for yourself and applying it, please take the appropriate safety precautions. Many people had previously indicated that they'd love to spray this stuff all over their bathrooms. I sure as hell wouldn't do that in my house.
Test One: Glass and toilet
The glass
We kick off our testing with a 10"×12" cut sheet of plate glass, with the edges taped off for safety. Ultra-Ever Dry was applied to one side of the glass and left to dry overnight.
Ultra-Ever Dry is a two-part coating. There is a base coat that must be applied and left to dry for 20 to 30 minutes and a top coat which must then be applied and left to dry for another 30 minutes minimum. The Ultra-Ever Dry coating itself is not transparent; it leaves a whitish haze on things when applied (other colors are available if you're ordering in sufficient quantity, though). The evenness of that haze—and ultimately the efficacy of the Ultra-Ever Dry coating—is dependent on the application process. For maximum effectiveness, the Ultra-Ever Dry must be applied in a tightly controlled, very thin, very even layer (a wet thickness of 76 to 127 microns for the bottom layer, according to the documentation).
The mottled, cloudy appearance of the glass shows the limitations of our application method. We used the trigger hand sprayers available from the Ultra-Ever Dry store, but we were unable to get anything approaching a uniform coating with them. In fairness to the Ultra-Ever Dry folks, they did tell me that the hand sprayers would be insufficient for anything other than very casual use and that I should use an air compressor and pneumatic sprayer with a fine tip size. Sadly, I couldn't arrange access to this type of equipment in the testing time I had available.
If you're going to apply Ultra-Ever Dry to anything transparent like a motorcycle helmet visor or car windscreen or glasses—well, don't. But if you absolutely must, you should follow Ultra-Ever Dry's recommendations and use an application method which will yield a very fine, very even coating. You still won't really be able to see through it, though.
The toilet
There were a lot of requests for me to spray the Ultra-Ever Dry on a toilet in my house. Ha ha ha no, we're not doing that (nor are we putting it in my shower, or my bath tub, or anything else I actually have to touch).
However, our sacrificial toilet from the hardware store fared excellently when coated with the stuff. The difference between the treated and untreated portion of the bowl when pelted with water and poo wet potting soil is obvious. That being said, Ultra-Ever Dry is "air powered"—its ability to repel water and oil depends on being able to trap a thin layer of air. While Ultra-Ever Dry's documentation shows that the coating when properly applied will remain water-repellant at a depth of one foot for "months," you might need to periodically drain a toilet with Ultra-Ever Dry applied to the bowl (depending on the way water swirls around your toilet when you flush it) in order to let it "recharge."
Also, I'm not sure I'd set my nether regions near the stuff, as exposure can cause skin irritation.
Test Two: The driveway
Water on concrete
Requests that we test Ultra-Ever Dry's ability to repel snow on concrete were common, but that's impossible in my location. I'm in southeast Houston, and snow is something we see once or twice a decade (in March when we did the testing, daily highs were peeking back up into the 80s).
However, you can see above what happens to a small patch of concrete driveway when water is applied to it: the water sluices off the treated section. Examination of the treated area over several minutes actually showed a wet patch creeping further and further down across the treated area, which is almost certainly due to my hand sprayer application of the coating. When properly and evenly applied, the stuff will happily seal your driveway or sidewalk away from water.
At the end of the video, filmed several hours later, something unexpected happens: large drops of water are shown sitting stationary on the treated section. The water doesn't have enough mass to roll down the driveway, so it remains in place until it evaporates. This could potentially mean that a treated driveway after a rain storm might end up wetter than an untreated driveway, depending on how much rain has fallen and how steep the driveway is.
The other possible side effect of coating your driveway is contaminated run-off. The coating job I did resulted in no small amount of excess Ultra-Ever Dry being carried off by water or rubbed off by my fingers the first time each treated object was handled (you can see a thin film of Ultra-Ever Dry back in the first video in the water collecting at the bottom of the toilet, for example). Some amount of Ultra-Ever Dry will almost certainly be carried off of your treated driveway and into your yard and your storm sewer, and I don't know what the potential consequences of that might be.
One week later
A week after filming this, I re-tested the treated section of the driveway and found that exhibited absolutely no superhydrophobic properties at all—it had reverted back to regular driveway. The Ultra-Ever Dry site does make mention that the product is somewhat susceptible to UV exposure, but my application method is more likely to blame than anything else. If you plan on applying Ultra-Ever Dry to your sidewalk or walkway, you must be meticulous with the application. Hand sprayers are simply not going to cut it.
Next up: a grab bag of requested test items!
Listing image by Steven Michael
The report titled ‘Compostable Plastic Packaging Material Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013-2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018-2028' states that the global market for compostable plastic packaging material is expected to grow at a moderate CAGR of 5.1% during the forecast period of 2018-2028. The data in this report also shows that the market will possibly reach a value of over US$ 2,000 Mn by the end of 2028. Compostable plastics degrade rapidly, leaving no traces of the material, which are witnessing stellar demand in the market currently.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-5895
In a bid to build a strong business in an eco-friendly manner, companies are coming up with new offerings in the global market. There is a huge demand for environment-friendly products as the people are more inclined towards these products due to their growing awareness.
Compostable plastic packaging is a major part of the current eco-friendly plastics market. The market comprises various materials like PBAT, PBS, PLA, and PHA, all of which are made up of components that are highly decomposable. Among these, PHA is expected to hold the strongest market growth, owing to its high barrier properties.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-5895
Food, beverage and pharmaceutical products prefer high barrier material for packaging to extend the shelf life of the products and maintain the quality of the product. According to the outcomes of the report on the global compostable plastic packaging materials market, PHA plastic type is expected to witness a stellar CAGR of 15.9% during the 10 year forecast period.
.A popular trend witnessed in the global compostable plastic packaging materials market is the rise in demand for garbage bags made of compostable plastic. Despite relatively higher costs, compostable garbage bags are likely to grab a sizeable market in near future, in both developed and developing economies..
Read more Information @https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/compostable-plastic-packaging-material-market-will-hit-at-a-cagr-of-64-from-2018-to-2028—future-market-insights-680258813.html
Global Compostable Plastic Packaging Material Market: Competitive Scenario
The companies that are leading in global compostable plastic packaging materials market include S.K. Chemicals Co. Ltd., BASF S.E., Kaneka Corporation, Northern Technologies International Corp., Blonde Technology Co., Ltd., FKuR Kunststoff GmbH, NatureWorks LLC, Gio-Soltech, Ltd., Xinjiang Blueridge Tunhe Chemical Industry Co., Ltd, Biotec GmbH & Co. KG etc. These market leaders are looking for opportunities to expand their businesses and capitalize on products that are going to witness higher demands.
Internet of Things: Pandora's Box or enterprise enabler?
The Internet of Things has yet to overcome significant challenges to truly deliver the value the enterprise requires.
By George Kalebaila, research director for telecommunications, media and Internet of Things (IoT) at International Data Corporation (IDC)
The enterprise remains wary of investment into the Internet of Things (IoT). There are key inhibitors to adoption that affect its efficiency, impact, and availability. This doesn't mean that IoT isn't on the cusp of widespread adoption in South Africa or that it will stay stuck in the grip of hype quicksand, it just means that both vendor and enterprise need stronger value propositions and provable business value to unlock its full potential.
One of the leading inhibitors of IoT adoption is, of course, cybersecurity. Most enterprises list this as their primary concern when considering IoT deployments, and they're not wrong. The cybersecurity threat landscape continues to evolve at a rapid pace and IoT devices are a popular hacking target. Fish tank temperature gauges, printers, and other seemingly innocuous IoT devices have already seen their vulnerabilities exploited with unpleasant results. Security is a priority.
Added to this is the reality that IoT is an emerging technology – the organisation is still trying to establish how to get business value out of any potential IoT deployment. This is further impacted by weak value propositions from service providers as they are currently not speaking to a specific business or sector needs, vaguely pointing their IoT solutions in the direction of efficiencies and improved decision making. Service providers have yet to demonstrate that IoT will deliver value within their client's specific environment. Organisations want and need tangible results that align to their business priorities.
Another issue that has impacted IoT, until recently, has been the high cost of connectivity. Particularly relevant within the South African space, connectivity has inhibited uptake and innovation. However, recent investments and deployments of low power wide area networks (LPWANs) have meant that IoT is poised to flourish. These LPWANs are optimised for low-cost IoT applications and are eroding the barriers that have slowed IoT adoption. Vodacom has shown strong leadership in this space, reporting 55,000 new IoT connections per month on its narrowband IoT network (NB-IoT) that are anchored on its LPWAN technologies.
Huawei and Microsoft are also heading the IoT charge in South Africa with their focused investment and solution development. Huawei has established an innovation and experience centre that's designed to encourage technology development and capacity building in the ICT sector, and Microsoft Azure has been actively involved in the creation of IoT platforms that are open to local developers. The latter is focused on encouraging the development of new IoT applications and solutions within the local market and the company provides consulting and sales support to service providers around go-to-market strategies.
Most of the larger players in the IoT market are focusing on establishing IoT platforms that deliver end-to-end IoT solutions. These span device management, application development, integration and support, data management and analytics, security, go-to-market support, consulting and more. Dell EMC, AMD, and VMware have also created an open-access platform that allows for plug & play connectivity and the development of secure and scalable IoT solutions.
There is a marked trend towards enabling development and innovation by providing service providers and vendors with the tools and access they need to enhance and drive the potential of IoT. The big guns are using these platforms and their deep enterprise IT experience to explore ways in which to differentiate themselves in the market. It's worth noting, that this is the right time and opportunity for these vendors to use their unique vertical understanding and expertise to overcome one of the primary key inhibitors impacting on IoT uptake as a whole – sector relevance.
Ultimately, the IoT sector is starting to gain momentum as vendors, developers and service providers actively focus on the challenges that affect its adoption. IoT success depends on its ability to deliver business value and industry relevance while assuring organisations that it is secure enough to meet compliance mandates and internal protocols. IoT will ultimately flourish, but it still needs work.
NEW YORK (AP) - Pop star Madonna has lost their battle to prevent an auction of their personal items, including a love letter from their ex-boyfriend, the late rapper Tupac Shakur, a pair of worn panties and a hairbrush containing their hair.
Last year, a judge ordered Gotta Have It! Collectibles to pull the items from its impending rock 'n' roll-themed auction after the Material Girl sought an emergency court order.
In a decision revealed Monday, the judge dismissed the case on grounds the statute of limitations to recover the items had passed.
The auction house told The New York Times it had done due diligence on the items and was confident Madonna had no claim.
The company says the auction will be in July.
Starting bid for the Tupac letter is $100,000.
___
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A woman who was found dead Wednesday in a stairwell of a power plant at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital had dementia and vanished from a nearby mental health facility 10 days ago, their daughter said.
A staff member found the body at about 1 p.m. The county medical examiner's office identified the woman as Ruby Andersen, 75.
An autopsy was pending.
“I don't know how they died,” their daughter, Charlene Roberts, told KRON-TV . “Did they have a stroke or fell? I don't know what happened.”
Roberts, who gave their mother's age as 76, said the woman had dementia and two hearing aids and went missing on May 20 from a mental health facility.
“We almost hired a private investigator” to look for her, Roberts said.
Hospital spokesperson Rachael Kagan said the woman was not a patient at San Francisco General but noted that there were other facilities on the same campus operated by the San Francisco Department of Public Health. They include the 47-bed Mental Health Rehabilitation Center.
Andersen was found in a stairwell that usually is locked and only accessible to maintenance workers, Kagan said.
“We are very concerned how this could have happened,” they said.
Police, public health and sheriff's investigators were working on the case.
Five years ago, the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital, more than two weeks after a patient disappeared from their room.
An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days before their body was found in a stairwell that was supposed to be routinely checked by security.
The Sheriff's Department, which is responsible for the hospital's security, paid Spalding's family $3 million to settle a legal claim.
Comments
comments
“Apple introduced its Smart Connector interface when it launched its iPad Pro range in September 2015,” Jonny Evans writes for Computerworld. “It's a magnetic connection that provides data transfer and bi-directional power to a third-party accessory. What's nice about the interconnect is that it recognizes and provides for an accessory almost instantly once the device and peripheral are magnetically docked.”
“Smart Connector is used with the Apple Smart Keyboard,” Evans writes. “There are two non-Apple accessories, both available from Logitech, the CREATE Keyboard and LOGI Base charging dock. That's a situation Apple apparently wants to change.”
“anufacturers wishing to use the Smart Connector in their accessories must join Apple's Made for iPad scheme to access the hardware and engineering information they need,” Evans writes. “To convince manufacturers that there is a good business case in the provision of Smart Connector accessories, Apple will have to incentivize them. How can it do this?”
Read more in the full article here.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Temple's Sean Chandler looking to prove themselves to NFL teams
Temple's Sean Chandler looking to prove themselves to NFL teams Apr 23
Sixers won't go the conservative route against the Heat in Game 5
Sixers won't go the conservative route against the Heat in Game 5 Apr 23
Marc Narducci has been covering sports for the Inquirer and Daily News since 1983. They have covered everything from South Jersey high schools to all the professional teams. Currently their main beat is Temple football and basketball. They also help out on the pro beats and writes a weekly South Jersey high school column.
Temple's Jullian Taylor putting pressure on as Penn State QB Trace McSorley throws an incompletion last September.
Things have all come together in the football career of Temple defensive tackle Jullian Taylor and at the most opportune time, right before the NFL draft.
Taylor has capped their best football season with a strong offseason and now, as improbable as it seemed before the season, they will likely hear their name called during the three-day NFL draft, which begins Thursday.
Having missed nearly two full seasons after surgeries on their left knee, Taylor was healthy in their senior season and was at times dominant. The 6-foot-5, 294-pound Taylor wasn't invited to the NFL combine, they have caught the attention of teams.
Taylor has visited nine this offseason: the New York Jets, Tennessee, Atlanta, Seattle, Arizona, Oakland, Cleveland, Houston, and Green Bay. They have had several private workouts, including last week with the New England Patriots. Once considered a draft long shot, Taylor was projected to be a sixth-round pick by CBSSports.com. Not bad for someone who didn't play organized football until their senior year at Williamstown High in South Jersey.
“It feels really good and I feel all the work I have put in came to fruition, especially with all the injuries,” Taylor said last week by phone.
The injuries began when Taylor hurt their left knee in Temple's opening 27-10 win over Penn State in 2015. The next season, also against Penn State, Taylor suffered a season-ending injury, a torn anterior cruciate ligament in that same knee. Renowned surgeon James Andrews performed surgery, and Taylor was ready for the 2017 season.
Temple lost its opener last fall, 49-16, at Notre Dame, but Taylor said they gained confidence by going up against Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson, the consensus the best offensive lineman in this year's draft.
“A lot of [NFL] people have brought up that Notre Dame game to me,” said Taylor, who has received their degree in communications.
Yet nothing could compare to their final regular-season home game. Temple lost, 45-19, to a Central Florida team that would finish the season 13-0, but the Knights simply couldn't block Taylor. They had 10 tackles and 4 1/2 tackles for loss.
“Everything definitely came together in that UCF game,” Taylor said. “I think I proved that I was a top prospect in that game.”
They then recorded a tackle for loss in their each of their final two games, wins over Tulsa and then FIU in the Bad Boy Mowers Gasparilla Bowl.
As a redshirt senior, Taylor appeared in 12 of Temple's 13 games and recorded 40 tackles and 10 tackles for loss.
The momentum continued in the offseason. During Temple's pro day in March, they ran the 40-yard dash in the 4.8-second range and bench-pressed 225 pounds 29 times.
“He has a lot of ability and has games where they really showed it,” said an NFL scout who requested anonymity. “There was not a lot of history before this season, but the Penn State game two years ago was good [before they got hurt] and there have been other encouraging signs.”
Taylor, who attended Mastery Charter School in Philadelphia before transferring to Williamstown for their senior year, said they decided to play football after getting cut in baseball and then basketball.
Because of the injuries, they played 20 games for Temple. They say the knee feels great and they are looking forward to finding out their next destination.
“I feel pretty good about the draft, especially talking to a lot of teams,” they said. “Knowing that they are interested, I can't wait for the day to come.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
By Danny Cox
The AFC Championship Game was almost two weeks ago, and the New England Patriots suffered a small handful of injuries during that contest that seemed quite concerning. With that much time between the conclusion of that game and Super Bowl LII, the hope was that most of the injuries would heal up and that the majority of the roster would be in playing shape to face the Philadelphia Eagles.
Little did anyone expect for the New England Patriots to have a Super Bowl injury report without a single player listed.
That's right. For the first time all season, the Pats have not a single person listed on their injury report as late on Friday afternoon; they've removed every single player. Earlier in the week, there were a handful of names on it and some who were dealing with some rather serious issues, but everything seems to have been cleared up.
Earlier in the week, the Patriots had four players listed on the injury report and all of them have healed up in the exact same timeframe. They were limited in practice on Wednesday, practiced in full for the first time on Thursday, and were completely removed from the list as of Friday.
The biggest name was obviously that of tight end Rob Gronkowski, who suffered a concussion after taking a very hard hit to the helmet against the Jacksonville Jaguars. On Tuesday, Gronk said that they were feeling much better and they expected to be cleared and removed from the NFL's concussion protocol at any moment, but Wednesday came and went without change.
This brought about a bit of concern as the Super Bowl was drawing ever closer and the Patriots knew that playing without Gronk was becoming a bigger possibility. On Thursday, though, the star tight end was cleared and participated fully in Thursday's practice.
One of the other big worries of New England coaches was cornerback Malcolm Butler, who was battling an illness that came with flu-like symptoms. It was actually quite serious and they did not fly out to Minnesota with their teammates on Monday, as they didn't want to get any of them sick. They stayed behind in Massachusetts and went to the hospital a number of times, but they were never admitted overnight. By Wednesday, Butler was practicing in a limited capacity and ready to go full-speed on Thursday.
Defensive back Brandon King (knee) and defensive lineman Deatrich Wise (concussion) were the other two players on the injury report at the beginning of the week, but they also improved enough to practice fully on Thursday. On Friday, they were practicing at full-speed once again and removed from the injury report.
It is quite unheard of for an NFL team to have an empty injury report at any point in a season, and that includes Week 1. Still, here are the New England Patriots with a clean slate and a totally healthy team as they prepare to face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII on Sunday.
Out:
None
Doubtful
None
Questionable
None
Probable
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) - A 22-year-old man has been sentenced to 30 years in prison after pleading guilty to the drive-by shooting death of a 2-year-old girl in Little Rock.
Deshaun Rushing was charged with capital murder in the 2016 killing of 2-year-old Ramiya Reed. But on Monday, Rushing pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of first-degree murder and avoided a potential life sentence.
Prosecutors say Ramiya's mother identified Rushing as a suspect, and another defendant still awaits trial.
According to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , Rushing will be eligible for parole after 21 years.
A month after Ramiya's killing, 3-year-old Acen King was killed in an apparent road-rage case in Little Rock. The alleged shooter in that case awaits trial.
___
Information from: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, http://www.arkansasonline.com
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
On this week's Did They Say That, Sonnie Johnson compares Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan to progressive activist Linda Sarsour, whose strain of radical Islam, Sonnie argues, is much more dangerous than Farrakhan's. “The opposite of Farrakhan is Linda Sarsour, and under Linda Sarsour is Sharia law,” Sonnie explains, building on a point they made in a recent podcast about how progressive Democrats align themselves with anti-Israel Islamic activists and seek to indoctrinate young black leaders into their causes. In addition, Sonnie explains why creating for profit business ventures in the black community is much more beneficial than starting up non-profit organizations. They also offer their opinion on the recent controversy at a Kendrick Lamar concert when a white fan was booed for using the n-word while rapping the lyrics to “m.A.A.d city.”
**ADULT LANGUAGE WARNING**
Sonnie Johnson is the host of the weekly Breitbart podcast Did They Say That with Sonnie Johnson.  They are the host of Sonnie's Corner on SiriusXM Patriot 125, Saturdays at 1 p.m. (Eastern). Follow them on Twitter @SonnieJohnson.
ISTANBUL (AP) — An assailant believed to have been dressed in a Santa Claus costume opened fire at a crowded nightclub in Istanbul during New Year's celebrations, killing at least 39 people and wounding close to 70 others in what the province's governor described as a terror attack.
Gov. Vasip Sahin said the attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a police officer and a civilian outside the club at around 1:15 a.m. Sunday before entering and firing on people partying inside. They did not say who may have carried out the attack.
“Unfortunately (he) rained bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people who were there to celebrate New Year's and have fun,” Sahin told reporters.
Private NTV news channel said the assailant entered the Reina nightclub, in Istanbul's Ortakoy district, dressed in a Santa Claus outfit.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the man was still on the run, adding: “efforts to find the terrorist are continuing.”
“Our security forces have started the necessary operations. God willing they will be caught in a short period of time,” the minister said.
At least 15 of the dead were foreign nationals, Soylu said, without providing information on their nationalities. Five of the victims were identified as Turkish nationals while authorities were still trying to identify the rest of the victims. At least 69 people were being treated in hospitals, four in serious condition, Soylu said.
Three or four of the Turkish victims may have been employees at the nightclub, they said.
“This was a massacre, a truly inhuman savagery,” Soylu said.
The minister said the attacker was believed to have left the club wearing “different clothing” to those they entered the club in. They said the attacker is believed to have carried out the assault alone.
“Four of the injured are in very serious condition,” said Health Minister Recep Akdag. “There are several foreign nationals among the wounded.”
Some customers jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack, the report said.
Sinem Uyanik was inside the club with their husband who was wounded in the attack.
“Before I could understand what was happening, my husband fell on top me,” they said outside Istanbul's Sisli Etfal Hospital. “I had to lift several bodies from top of me before I could get out. It was frightening.” Them husband was not in serious condition despite sustaining three wounds.
Police with riot gear and machine guns backed up by armored vehicles blocked the area close to the Reina nightclub, one of the most popular night spots in Istanbul. Several ambulances flashing blue lights arrived on the scene, some taking wounded to hospitals.
The White House condemned what it called a “horrific terrorist attack” and offered U.S. help to Turkey.
White House spokesperson Eric Schultz said President Barack Obama was briefed on the attack by their national security team and asked to be updated as the situation developed. Obama is vacationing in Hawaii this week with their family.
National Security Council spokesperson Ned Price said the attack on “innocent revelers” celebrating New Year's shows the attackers' savagery.
“Our thoughts are with victims and their loved ones. We continue to work to prevent these tragedies,” European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini tweeted.
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Twitter: “Tragic start to 2017 in Istanbul. My thoughts are with those affected by the attack on people celebrating New Year and with the Turkish people.”
An estimated 600 people were celebrating inside the club that is also frequented by famous locals, including singers, actors and sports stars. Several shocked revelers were seen fleeing the scene after the attack and the music fell silent.
The country has been rocked by a series of deadly attacks in 2016 carried out by the Islamic State group or Kurdish militants, killing more than 180 people.
On Dec. 10, a double bomb attack outside soccer stadium — located near the Reina nightclub — killed 44 people and wounded 149 others. The attack was claimed by Turkey-based Kurdish militant group, the Kurdish Freedom Falcons. Nine days later, an off-duty Turkish riot police officer assassinated Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov at a photo exhibition in the capital, Ankara. The government has suggested that a movement led U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen was behind the killing — an accusation the cleric has denied.
Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag vowed that Turkey would press ahead with its fight against violent groups.
“Turkey will continue its determined and effective combat to root out terror,” Bozdag said on Twitter.
Security measures had been heightened in major Turkish cities, with police barring traffic leading up to key squares in Istanbul and the capital Ankara. In Istanbul, 17,000 police officers were put on duty, some camouflaged as Santa Claus and others as street vendors, Turkey's Anadolu news agency reported.
Comments
comments
Market Scenario:
Potato protein is cost-effective over the animal protein which is gaining traction among the consumers globally. Increasing vegan population is also driving the growth of the market. Moreover, the emulsifying, foaming, and gelling properties of the potato protein isolates makes it an ideal ingredient in the food application.
Potato protein is also used in animal feed to add to their nutritional level which is growing the demand for potato protein market. Moreover, the high nutritive value of potato protein is propelling the market demand among the health-conscious population. However, there may exist some health-related risk factors which must be investigated in detail before potato protein is applied in the food industry as a new source of protein. Nevertheless, all these factors are projected to contribute to the estimated CAGR of 4.8% of potato protein market during the forecast period 2017-2023.
Receive a Sample Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5424
Key Players:
Some of the key players profiled in the global Potato protein market are Royal Ingredients Group (the Netherlands), Avebe (the Netherlands), Kemin Industries, Inc (U.S.), Tereos (France), Roquette (France), Omega Protein (U.S.), Emsland Group (Germany)
Regional Analysis:
The global potato protein market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world (RoW). Europe is dominating the market followed by North America. High investment by key players on the R&D and technological advancements is propelling the market growth in Europe. High inclination of consumers towards functional food in North America is driving the market for potato protein in this region.
Asia Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing region over the forecasted period. India and China are the major contributors in this region due to growing health awareness and increasing consumption of healthy foods. Latin America is also expected to witness moderate growth over the estimated period in which Brazil is the major contributor followed by Mexico.
The European recycling industries have evolved by modernizing and constantly innovating to turn more waste streams into new resources.
By doing so, the sector has contributed to the development of new technologies and automated equipment made in Europe and exported around the globe. “The European regulatory framework has accompanied these changes thanks to ambitious targets and a meaningful waste hierarchy,” the European Recycling Industries' Confederation (EuRIC) says on its homepage. The association also advocates positive measures to ensure a consistent implementation of existing legislation across Europe.
However, there remains a need and potential of further improvements to reach the goal of a genuine circular economy: According to EuRIC, the recycling sector continues to be subject to a complex and ever-growing EU regulatory framework, which affects its activities. To ensure a competitive European recycling sector, which is part of a global industry, the European confederation advocates clear, effective and smart European policies which:
■ incentivize recycling across the value chains;
■ minimize regulatory burdens on recyclers, in particular on small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs);
■ guarantee an open and fair competition within Europe and with the world to foster a recycling market.
“Global Recycling” has asked Michael Schuy, President of the European Recycling Industries' Confederation (EuRIC), how the vision of a market-driven circular economy in Europe could become reality.
Mr. Schuy, the Members of the European Parliament's Environment Committee voted on 24 January this year for increasing the draft EU recycling and landfill targets that had been lowered by the EU Commission in its postponed Circular Economy Package. Do you think a recycling target for municipal waste in the amount of 70 percent as well as a waste landfill target restricted to 5 percent is achievable by 2030?
Recycling targets alongside with the waste hierarchy set at European level have played an important role in steering investments in recycling for years. Nevertheless, far too much emphasis is granted to the 5 percent increase of the target for municipal waste voted by the Environment (ENVI) Committee of the European Parliament. Firstly, because, as proposal acknowledged itself, municipal waste constitutes approximately between 7 and 10 percent of the total waste generated in the Union. Secondly, because as a practical person, given today's baseline, it would already be a much welcome achievement if the 65 percent target proposed by the European Commission was attained by 2030 throughout Europe. And last but not least, as a recycler, I am well-placed to know that any waste with a positive value is already recycled to a large extent and recyclers are champions in valuing into new resources what others see as a waste. So, as I will explain, current problems will not solely be solved by increasing recycling targets.
Regarding landfill we can go a step further. Naturally, lowering the target for landfilling is positive but a progressive landfill ban for all recyclable materials would have been more efficient.
There is hope that the Circular Economy Package will pave the way for more than 800,000 jobs created across Europe by 2030. In which sectors would this happen, if the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers agrees on the Package with higher targets?
The Circular Economy Package often comes with fabulous estimates on job creation. They usually stem from the significant job potential in recycling which, to turn waste into quality new raw materials, provides local, non-outsourceable jobs and a genuine network for waste collection and treatment throughout Europe. Nevertheless, for these job estimates to become true, certain framework conditions – not only targets – need to be fulfilled. In the current package, many of these conditions are not fulfilled. In particular, recycling companies are facing significant administrative burdens directly linked to European legislation which hampers their day-to-day operations and an increased competition from public-owned entities which benefit from special rights including fiscal advantages and monopolies over collection.
For instance, in certain regions, bulky household appliances must be collected by municipalities, although hundreds of scrapyards in Europe, which constitute an unmatched infrastructure, are much better equipped and often closer to the consumer. For decades, they did a great job in collecting scrap from households – free of charges for the society – and often are no longer permitted to do so. In addition, the benefits of recycling in terms of CO2 and energy savings, despite being well-documented, are still not reflected in prices. As a result, currently, recycling cannot realize its full potential in Europe as a number of recycling businesses, many of them SMEs, see their growth and job creation potential hindered by these obstacles. This is why EuRIC calls for practical actions and measures to address each of them.
Mr. Schuy, EuRIC advocates for a market-driven circular economy in the European Union. Is it possible to enforce such a way of economics considering the different interests in Europe?
Yes, because it is precisely what Europe did years ago with the free movements of goods by removing obstacles to trade, ensuring a level playing field and fair competition allowing operators to make business. Applied to recycling, this means making sure that legislation, alike recyclers, sees waste as a resource and not anymore as a risk. In practical terms, there is a thorough simplification exercise to be made. First, simplify the rules defining what a waste is and what it is not, as well as the rules linked to waste classification. Some draft laws currently discussed which align the waste legislation with the chemical one could result in re-classifying certain waste streams as hazardous with huge impacts on their recyclability. Second, simplify and harmonize the rules linked to waste shipment procedures which is instrumental for the realization of an internal market for recycling. Third, put in place true price signals at European level; to increase the costs of landfilling and incineration of recyclables and to internalize in prices through market-based mechanisms the environmental benefits of recycled materials incentivize their use. If we take the example of steel scrap, it is well-known that using recycled steel scrap can save up to 64 percent of CO2 emissions when comparing with primary production. However, nothing today rewards this environmental benefit.
Last but not least, EuRIC will continue to fiercely advocate for free and fair international trade, simply because the circular economy cannot stop at Europe's borders and because closing markets is not good for any business activity. Taking again the example of steel scrap, there is annually on average 10 million tons more scrap than the EU demand from steel mills. If it was not exported to make new steel, the solutions left would be to stockpile or landfill which would make little sense from an environmental and economic viewpoint.
How could a way of doing business that is determined by the conditions of the market look like? What does push and pull measures mean in practice regarding the supply and demand of recycling products?
No need to re-invent the wheel. “Push” measures aim at fostering the offer of raw materials from recycling and “pull” measures are to incentivize the demand of recycled materials. Regarding the former, the European Union has over the last decades played a crucial role in laying down push measures through for example recycling targets or the waste hierarchy or landfill restrictions.
The key word for push measures is better enforcement. Regarding the latter, we are lagging behind as too little has been done to pull the demand for recycled materials. This is why EuRIC calls, at EU level, for market-based incentives rewarding recycled materials environmental benefits, targets on recycled content for certain resource streams, eco-design requirements on resource efficiency and green public procurement. The European Union sets up measures to incentivize the shift towards renewable energies. The same should be done for recycling.
Would “green“ procurement, fiscal easements for recycled materials and other rewards (e.g. for an increased amount of recycling) be enough in order to give market dynamics a boost?
Clearly, they would make a difference as the economic crisis and its aftermath told us. When raw materials prices are low, recyclers for example of plastics can sometimes hardly compete on price with virgin materials, which have a very different cost structure and environmental impacts than recycled materials. Hence, there is a need for market mechanisms to correct these externalities and ensure that the benefits of using recycled materials is correctly reflected in prices. As public authorities should lead by example, making sure the way they procure goods and services matching the objectives of the circular economy is obviously important especially since “public authorities in the EU spend around 14 percent of GDP on the purchase of services, works and supplies”.(1) One should not forget the importance of eco-design. The European Commission is taking the lead by proposing criteria to ease re-use and recycling when products reach end of life stage. EuRIC naturally strongly supports it simply because “more than 80 percent of the environmental impact of a product is determined at the design stage”.(2)
Are additional measures of the European Member states necessary to unlock a market driven circular economy? Which ones would they be?
Sweden for example has just enacted a reduced VAT rate for repair activities. This is a positive step forward which would benefit from being extended to recycled materials at European level.
According to your opinion, when would it be possible to achieve the goal that competition and internal market rules become integral parts of this way of doing business?
As soon as policy-makers will truly see waste as a resource and not mainly as a risk to manage, this will open the door to the application of the same recipe to waste and recycling markets as the one applied to the internal market, which put free movement and fair competition at the heart of its completion. This is a matter of perception and there is still room for improvement.
Mr. Schuy, thank you very much for this interview.
(1) Public procurement introductory webpage https://ec.europa.eu/growth/single-market/public-procurement_en
(2) Ecodesign your future – How ecodesign can help the environment by making products smarter, European Commission, 2012 http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/ecodesign-your-future-pbNB3109210/
________________________________
About EuRIC
The European Recycling Industries' Confederation, founded in 2014, is the umbrella organization for European Recycling Industries and represents nearly 6,000 private companies which provide about 300,000 jobs and recycle approximately 150 million tons of a variety of waste streams. Owing to its network of member associations, EuRIC acts as interface between the industry and the European Union and serves “as a platform for information, cooperation and exchange of best practices on all European recycling matters”.
According to the information, EuRIC and its members support a value chain approach and strive “to nurture constructive relationships at all levels with stakeholders benefiting from recycling activities, including public authorities, manufacturers, producer responsibility schemes, academia and NGOs”.
www.euric-aisbl.eu
________________________________
Photo: FotoCuisinette / fotolia.com
GR 12017
Indiana police officers shot at a man who they believed was committing armed robbery - but it turned out they were fooled by the magic of movies.
Crawfordsville, Indiana, is a small Midwestern city of about 15,000 residents, about an hour or two west of Indianapolis. Actor James Duff was filming a scene for a movie in which they were playing the role of a robber. Three seconds into the clip below, a real police officer fires their weapon at a guy trying to film a scene — you know, doing their job.
The officers showed up at the scene after a call was made to emergency services. Upon seeing the masked actor holding a gun, cops started shouting "Drop the gun! Drop the gun now!"
Duff shouted back, "we're doing a movie."
That's not something people generally lie about for fun when guns are pointed at them, but to the cop's credit, the camera crews and other actors were out of view. It's nonetheless difficult to shake the gut-wrenching irony of watching people whose job it is to protect civilians shoot at civilians. Again, Duff was working when the officer fired the shot.
It's also completely legal to carry a firearm openly as long as the person has a permit.
According to the Washington Post's "Fatal Force" record keeper of people shot and killed by police officers, as of October 5, 748 civilians have been hit by bullets fired by a police officer and died in 2017.
In 2016, police shot and killed 963 people, down from the previous year's tally of 995, when the Post first started keeping track.
By comparison, 51 people have been shot and killed by police Australia during the 13-year period stretching from 2000 to 2013. On average, US cops have slain 83 civilians per month in 2017.
In the UK, Norway, Ireland, Iceland and New Zealand, police do not carry firearms as a matter of policy except in appropriate situations where a firefight is expected.
MIRAMAR, Fla. (AP) - A pet dog attacked and killed an 8-month-old girl at the Florida home of a caregiver.
Miramar police said they received a call about the attack just before noon Wednesday, but by the time officers and paramedics arrived the baby was dead.
They said the suburban Fort Lauderdale home belongs to a relative who was babysitting the child. No names or further details were immediately released, including the breed of the dog.
Two other dogs at the house were not involved.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - Federal jurors have sided with 3M Co. in a lawsuit brought by a South Carolina man who contended a surgical infection they suffered was caused by the Minnesota company's patient-warming device.
The jury in Minneapolis decided Wednesday that 76-year-old Louis Gareis had not shown that 3M's Bair Hugger device caused their problem during hip-replacement surgery in 2010.
Gareis' attorneys said an appeal will be filed. 3M says the company "is grateful that the jury put science first."
The Star Tribune reports the case was the first of thousands of individual lawsuits pending against Maplewood-based 3M to go to a jury.
The Bair Hugger is used in more than 80 percent of U.S. hospitals during surgery to maintain the patient's normal body temperature before, during and after a surgery.
___
Information from: Star Tribune, http://www.startribune.com
"Unlike the committee, OGE cannot issue subpoenas, question witnesses, compel the production of documents or take action against individuals who refuse to cooperate," OGE Director Walter Shaub wrote to Chaffetz and the Oversight Committee's top Democrat, Elijah Cummings of Maryland.
Chaffetz previously called Conway's endorsement "wrong, wrong, wrong," and had urged the OGE to probe any ethical lapses.
While Chaffetz has been criticized by Democrats and some constituents for not looking more closely at the Trump administration, Tuesday saw a new push by the Utah Republican to review actions by the White House.
Chaffetz said in an interview that they are taking their role seriously as Congress' top government watchdog even if critics don't think it's enough.
"I expect them to continue to pepper me with those questions. That's legitimate," Chaffetz said, noting that they love "Democrats' newfound interest" in probing the White House after eight years of President Barack Obama.
"We'll be vigorous in our oversight," Chaffetz added.
Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general who had been dismissed by Obama as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, resigned Monday night after concerns were raised that they had improper discussions with the Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about those conversations. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had known "for weeks" that Flynn had not been truthful.
"We've been reviewing and evaluating this issue with respect to General Flynn on a daily basis for a few weeks, trying to ascertain the truth," Spicer said.
Rep. Chris Stewart, a Utah Republican and member of the House Intelligence Committee, praised Flynn's military service but said that the president and vice president must be able to trust their advisers and "General Flynn could no longer serve effectively as national security adviser."
"In addition to the breach of trust, I am alarmed to yet again see an example of very sensitive information being leaked to the public," Stewart said, adding that they are troubled by "the seemingly continuous leaks of classified information and the national security problems they inevitably cause. I am committed to ending those leaks."
Cummings said Monday that Flynn was unfit to be the national security adviser and should have been "dismissed three weeks ago."
"Now, we in Congress need to know who authorized their actions, permitted them, and continued to let them have access to our most sensitive national security information despite knowing these risks," Cummings said. "We need to know who else within the White House is a current and ongoing risk to our national security."
Cummings said congressional Republicans have "turned a blind eye" to their duty to oversee the new administration and therefore, Democrats would request investigations by the Department of Justice and the FBI.
Chaffetz, who has unilateral subpoena power, said they may still open a probe into Flynn's contact with Russia, though they haven't yet decided to do so.
"I always keep that door open," Chaffetz said. "That's not a closed door."
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
CORAL SPRINGS, Fla. (AP) - Police say a security guard arrested in connection with two attacks on women in a Florida neighborhood has told investigators they have a problem.
The police report on the Sunday arrest of 25-year-old Dante M. Collins says they admitted trying to sexually attack the two women, who were able to get away after they pushed them to the ground in February and April.
Police say they also confessed to as many as 10 other attempted attacks in a neighborhood of Coral Springs.
Court record show Collins described themselves as a sex addict in 2014, after they were arrested in Hollywood on complaints of a man exposing themselves to women.
Now he's being held on $250,000 on sexual battery charges. Jail records don't list a lawyer.
BERLIN International airlines have defended the overbooking of flights after the practice was thrown into the spotlight by videos of a United Airlines passenger being dragged off a plane in Chicago this week.
The incident on flight 3411, in which law enforcement officials were called in to remove the passenger to help make way for crew members, has proved embarrassing for United and its CEO Oscar Munoz but also raises questions about policies across the industry.
Overbooking, where airlines sell tickets for more seats than available to account for the likelihood of no-shows, is a common practice and some U.S. lawmakers have called in the wake of the United incident for new rules to make it more difficult.
Yet carriers say it allows them to keep costs, and thus ticket prices, down.
"If airlines were no longer allowed to overbook, fares would likely rise as airlines would have to pass on the costs of more empty seats to consumers," the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said in a paper published on Thursday.
"Banning the practice of overbooking will reduce already thin margins, and could reduce connectivity in turn," IATA said.
Behind overbooking is a degree of calculation.
Airlines use historical flight data to calculate the expected no-show rate for each route. For example, business travellers may switch flights at the last minute, but those travelling on summer holidays are less likely to change plans.
ALTERNATIVE FLIGHT
If more people than expected show up, airlines ask for volunteers to miss the flight in exchange for compensation. If not enough volunteer, airlines will select passengers to bump on to an alternative flight, typically before boarding.
In the United States in 2016, around 475,000 passengers, or 0.07 percent of travellers, were denied boarding due to overbooked flights. Of that, 40,000 were classed as involuntary.
The U.S. Transportation Department said it was the lowest rate of involuntary denials since it began tracking the issue in 1995.
Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian defended the practice on Wednesday, saying its denied boarding rate was only about 1 in 100,000 passengers in 2016.
To its industry proponents, overbooking has paid off.
In 2005, planes were on average 75 percent full. That has increased to around 80 percent in the last couple of years. IATA said this month that ticket prices have fallen about 10 percent in real terms over the past year.
Not everyone follows the policy. JetBlue and Ryanair make a point of saying they do not overbook flights, though the former's denied boarding rate has risen recently after it switched to smaller planes, meaning fewer seats were available than planned.
For the industry as a whole there remains a risk of alienating consumers. Liberum analyst Gerald Khoo said airlines get it right most of the time, but noted: "Ultimately, this episode is a failure of United's procedures, but it has shone an unwelcome light, for the airlines, on one of the industry's 'dark arts'".
(Additional reporting by David Shepardson and Ankit Ajmera; Editing by David Holmes)
Cassie Owens is a member of the Modern Life team, reporting on culture and trends.  They are a Philadelphia native who previously reported for Billy Penn and served as assistant editor at Next City.
Poetry surrounds us in our homes, when we read it aloud or are reciting lines in conversation. Maybe your family treasured beloved sonnets, or footprints in the sand. Maybe your aunt put lyrics on their refrigerator, or a parent drilled you on a Maya Angelou poem for school or church. Perhaps poems from the Old Country were passed down in their native language.
For National Poetry Month in April, we'll be focusing on poems that you grew up reading and hearing, poems that were shared between family.
“It's often what people go to first when they're trying to find a way of communicate the incommunicable, or what's hard to say in everyday language,” said Raquel Salas Rivera, Philadelphia's poet laureate, who grew up with the work of José Martí, Dylan Thomas, Shel Silverstein and Miguel Hernández, among others. “People reference poetry because poetry has a tendency to make us see anew … It forces us to re-experience things, but to perhaps see the truth those experiences contained.”
We want to know all about those experiences. Tell us what poems were shared in your family and have been a part of your life over the years. You can send them to audience@philly.com and we'll share a collection of our favorites. Please name the specific poem, tell us your name, where you're from, and what it means to you.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Franz Tost believes Formula 1 should limit the amount of races it has in Europe and expand its product to cover more of the globe, feeling there are places around the world that need to be visited but currently are not.
The Scuderia Toro Rosso Team Principal feels Formula 1 should make a return to South Africa, which last hosted a Grand Prix back in 1993, while Argentina and India are important markets that should also be added back onto the calendar. Tost also believes that the United States should host more than one Grand Prix on top of the race at the Circuit of the Americas.
In 2017, seven of the twenty races will be held in Europe, while the French Grand Prix, and possibly the German Grand Prix, will return to the calendar in 2018, but Tost feels there is too much emphasis on European races.
“For me, we must head to other destinations,” said Tost to Austrian publication Tiroler Tageszeitung. “There are too many Grand Prix in Europe.
“I know that I have a different view compared to my colleagues, but we should go to South Africa, we need more races in US, we need to go to Argentina, and India would also be a really important market.
“Formula 1 is a global sport. In 2015, in total half a billion fans watched our races live. Such numbers are only achieved by the Football World Cup and the Olympic Games. But we have [races] every two weeks. So you see – the product still works fine, but something should be done [about its reach].”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men were stabbed and two women hurt and robbed by gang of three attackers in Gloucestershire this morning.
Police and the ambulance service were called to Clarendon Court on London Road, Stroud at midday on Saturday amid reports that somebody had been knifed.
Two men suffered minor stab wounds that did not require hospital treatment in the incident in the block of flats says police.
One woman had suffered a head injury and another had their mobile phone stolen by the gang of two men and one woman.
They described their attackers to police who are still investigating the circumstances of the stabbing.
The two male attackers were described as black and one was wearing a dark Adidas jacket and Kappa joggers. The second man had blue joggers.
The woman was mixed race and was wearing a two-piece set of leggings and gym-style top.
Police are appealing for information about the incident and asking anybody who can help to call 101 quoting incident 179 of February 3, 2018.
A new-look Shortwood United were soundly beaten by Winchester City, inspired by the devastating combination of forwards Oli Bailey and Pat Cox, writes Harry Ash.
they home side's performance had glimpses of promise in a very entertaining season opener.
Shortwood started promisingly, but perhaps should have conceded a penalty with just seven minutes played after Marks seemed to handle when controlling a high ball in the penalty area.
Wood almost took the lead after 16 minutes, with Kibble unlucky to see their shot hit the underside of the bar.
Winchester, having looked unsettled for 15 minutes, opened the scoring after 20 minutes; Tomasso found Bailey, who, despite being surrounded by defenders, controlled smartly and finished past Pickering.
With 10 minutes of the half remaining, a brilliant point blank save from Pickering denied Pat Cox, and the Shortwood ‘keeper was again called into action from the resulting corner; this time Flocks was denied after a back post header.
Winchester thought they had doubled their lead with 43 minutes played, but Jenkinson was in an offside position when they tapped in the rebound from Tomasso's saved shot.
The away side added their second six minutes into the second half when Bailey threaded through to Cox, who guided the ball into the far corner. Just four minutes later, a fine Barron cross found an unmarked Cox, who headed home.
Levi Cox had a golden opportunity with 65 minutes gone, but they blazed their effort over the bar having been found in space by Morris.
With 15 minutes remaining, Winchester added their fourth when Bailey again found Pat Cox, who completed their hat-trick with a calm finish. Levi Cox replied a minute later, heading into an open net after Harley Price hit the post with a shot from 20 yards.
Morris completed the scoring in the last moments of the match with a lob over the onrushing Pryce, having been found by substitute Hathaway.
New manager Paul Meredith said: “We started quite well, with what is a completely new side. There were positives, and it was good to see that we didn't lose our heads. It will get better. The team needs time to gel and get an understanding.”
Shortwood United: Pickering, Marks (Noakes 63), Prictor, Meredith R, Thwaite, Kibble (H Price), A Price, Fogg, Blackhah (Hathaway 58), Morris, Cox.
Attendance: 96.
Star Man: Harry Pickering.
WASHINGTON (AP) - First lady Melania Trump hasn't been seen in public for nearly three weeks, but they are sending assurances by tweet that they are "feeling great."
Mrs. Trump underwent a medical treatment for a kidney condition in mid-May and has been out of sight since. They aren't on hand Wednesday when their husband welcomed kids to the White House for an event promoting youth sports.
Mrs. Trump's absence from the spotlight have spawned all sort of theories. Some are asking if they have moved back to Trump Tower in New York City or if they are actually very ill.
Them tweet Wednesday sought to dismiss those and other questions. They say she's at the White House with their family and working hard on behalf of children and the American people.
NEW YORK, April 6 Wall Street's major indexes ended slightly higher but well off session highs as investors grew nervous about a meeting between China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 14.87 points, or 0.07 percent, to 20,663.02, the S&P 500 gained 4.54 points, or 0.19 percent, to 2,357.49 and the Nasdaq Composite added 14.47 points, or 0.25 percent, to 5,878.95. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
By Amanda Wicks
Lady Gaga is among the list of artists who have signed an open letter urging the Texas Senate to reject recently filed anti-LGBTQ legislation.
Related: Watch Metallica & Lady Gaga's GRAMMY Performance, Now with Working Audio
Besides Gaga, Alicia Keys, Janelle Monae, Panic! At the Disco, Sia, Carly Rae Jepsen, Tegan & Sara, Bon Iver and more have added their names to the letter.
The letter criticizes Senate Bill 6, which would require people to use bathrooms associated with their biology rather than their gender, and in that way mirror North Carolina's House Bill 2. At the moment, local laws permit people to use bathrooms based on their gender. The bill's author Senator Lois Kolkhorst has stated it is intended to keep men from entering women's bathrooms. (via The Texas Tribune).
“It is up to you whether these bills will become law, and we are watching,” the letter states. “It is up to us to commit to doing everything within our power to make sure all of our fans, crews and fellow artists feel safe and welcome, where we go.”
Following HB2's passage, many artists, including Bruce Springsteen, canceled shows in North Carolina as a way to protest.
April 28 CVC Capital Partners Ltd:
* CVC Fund vi has agreed to acquire an 80 pct stake in Breitling SA
* Financial terms of transaction were not disclosed.
* As part of the transaction, Théodore Schneider will re-invest for a 20 pct shareholding in Breitling.
* Closing of transaction is subject to approval by relevant competition authorities and is expected for June 2017. Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
April 3 Cornerstone Insurance Plc
* Delays submitting, publishing audited accounts for FY ended Dec 31, 2016 to NSE and SEC within deadline of March 31, 2017
* Delayed by need to secure pre-requisit approval of primary regulator before submissions to NSE and SEC
* Ensures submission, publication of audited accounts on or before April 30, 2017 Further company coverage:
Kiev, Ukraine - A Russian journalist who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine's capital strolled into a news conference that authorities called Wednesday to discuss the investigation of their death, revealing that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot.
"I'm still alive," Arkady Babchenko, 41, told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than a day after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday, found bleeding there by their wife and died on the way to the hospital. Kiev's police chief said they suspected the journalist was killed because of their work.
Details of the sting operation were not clear, including why authorities decided to go to such lengths to make it look as if Babchenko was dead. The head of the Ukrainian Security Service said the suspected organizer of the alleged hit plot was detained Wednesday, suggesting the bogus killing was aimed at flushing them out.
Babchenko apologized to their wife, who they said was not briefed on the scheme in advance, "for the hell they had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
The astonishing turn of events brought harsh criticism from Russia and the international media advocacy group Reporters Without Borders.
The journalist group's director, Christophe Deloire, expressed on Twitter their "deepest indignation at the discovery of the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services. It is always deeply dangerous for states to play with the facts."
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's allegations to Britain's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and their daughter in England. Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and their daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same - to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made their wife believe they were dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying. They then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," they said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organize Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, they said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services. The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, they said.
Babchenko said they were not allowed to go into the details of their false death. They said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on their head for two months. They said they were approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," they said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017. They spoke and wrote about needed to leave Russia because of threats against them and their family. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin. Their flight from Russia came several months after they wrote in a Facebook post that they aren't sorry members of a military band and state television journalists died in a plane crash on their way to Russia's military base in Syria.
Several Russian lawmakers said at the time that Babchenko should be stripped of their citizenship over the comment, and Russian state media called them a traitor.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station.
Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, Ponomarev said Wednesday before the fact that the slaying was staged came out.
Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuri Lutsenko lashed out Wednesday at Ukrainian politicians and civil groups who accused the government following Babchenko's faked assassination of allowing contract killings to happen.
Hours before pretending to have been fatally shot, Babchenko wrote on Facebook that they narrowly escaped death exactly four years ago when the Ukrainian military refused to take them on a helicopter heading to the front line in eastern Ukraine. The aircraft was shot down minutes later.
"I was lucky, it was my second birthday," they wrote Tuesday.
Gritsak, the security service chief, ended their remarks Wednesday congratulating Babchenko on their "third birthday."
AP
However, they said young staffers were keenly aware that it would be unwise to spend time with some politicians, particularly at night.
"It's a high-powered environment. There are incredible expectations, very long work hours, alcohol flows freely in the evenings, at least it did federally," they said. "And I think that that's the type of environment where those types of behaviours can flourish unless there's a change, and I think there is a change. I think, when I was there staffing, then younger staffers were saying this isn't OK, this is unacceptable, and we're not going to allow this type of situation."
Oosterhoff said attitudes around sexual conduct sometimes break down along demographic lines: older, established politicians vs. the younger generation.
"What I talked about during my nomination already, back in 2016, is something that I think is really coming back to haunt some of these situations for the Old Boys club," they said. "There's a feeling in politics that people deserve to get certain things because of their status, whether they've been an MP for 10 years, or whether they have had an elected position for a while, or who they know."
Oosterhoff said they are not painting all older, male politicians with the same brush, but said they believe that for some, acquiring positions of power allowed them to "take advantage of that position and use it for sexual harassment or sexual abuse. Because it was something that had always happened, it was an Old Boys club, this is what it meant to quote, unquote 'have game', or something like that, in some sort of twisted approach to masculinity."
Oosterhoff, who said they were shocked by the allegations levelled against Brown and Dykstra and praised the bravery of the women who came forward, said political culture is changing because of the next wave of politicians
"I think there's a shift occurring in younger generations, such as mine, that understand the importance of equality, that understand the importance of dignity, and worth, and that see the need for men to hold themselves and to be held up to higher standards when it comes to their behaviour and when it comes to their treatment of women, and I'm very, very impressed by the number of women who have come forward with these allegations, which are serious, but are necessary to come forward with. I don't think you can see meaningful change on these types of actions on these types of behaviours unless we have people that are willing to come forward and speak about their behaviour."
BMW took the wraps off the fourth-generation X5 (codenamed G05) about a month ago and already it's releasing preliminary details about the midsize luxury SUV's pricing in the United States. The cheapest version money will buy is going to be the xDrive40i at $60,700, which is only $1,200 more than the old 2018 X5 xDrive35i.
Those willing to step up to the 50i xDrive model will have to fork out $75,750 or $1,700 more than the year before. In both instances, the starting price doesn't include the destination and handling fees, which amount to $995.
The price hike is justifiable in many ways as the new X5 comes equipped as standard with a multitude of goodies. These include adaptive full-LED headlights, a panoramic glass sunroof, dual 12.3-inch digital screens, and an eight-speed sport automatic transmission with launch control. Not only that, but BMW will also throw in a Dynamic Damper Control system, USB-C ports for rear passengers, pre-wiring for 6,600-lbs trailer towing, along with many safety systems like Active Blind Spot Detection and Frontal Collision Warning with City Collision Mitigation.
Reaching deeper into your pockets will bring extra toys like a heated steering wheel, remote engine start, laser headlights, and heated armrests. The options list also includes additional safety systems and even heated and cooled cupholders.
Both the xDrive40i and the 50i xDrive have more power than the models they replace. The former with its 3.0-liter straight-six engine offers 335 horsepower and 330 pound-feet whereas the old xDrive35i had to make do with 300 hp and 300 lb-ft. The V8 version utilizes an evolution of the 4.4-liter now pushing out 456 hp and 479 lb-ft instead of the previous 445 hp and 480 lb-ft.
BMW will sell the 2019 X5 in the United States in a standard xLine specification alongside a nicer M Sport Package trim level. There will also be an optional off-road package featuring air suspension and a mechanical rear locking differential, as well as a factory-installed trailer hitch rated at 7,200-lbs towing capacity.
The fourth-generation BMW X5 will be hitting U.S. dealerships starting November 10th.
Source: BMW
Aston Martin CEO Andy Palmer has said that Aston face “approximately nine months' work” before they may come to a decision over a potential entry into Formula 1 as an engine supplier for the 2021 season.
At the start of the calendar year, Palmer told of their excitement over the new engine regulations that are set to take place in three years' time, saying that the company have already had interest from “several teams” over an engine deal. Aston Martin Red Bull Racing are the team most intimately linked to them currently, the prestigious British marque became the team's title sponsor for the 2018 season. In return, Red Bull have formed a technical partnership with Aston's hypercar division to create the Valkyrie, set to enter production this year.
However, Palmer said that Aston Martin must convince themselves that they are capable of making a competitive Formula 1 engine before any potential deal with Red Bull can take shape – their timeline says that they may come in the early months of 2019.
“We're looking at 2021, so it's somewhere down the road,” said Palmer, who joined Aston in 2014, speaking to Autosport.
“But if we can't pass the ‘it's OK for Red Bull test' then that probably means we're not passing the ‘it's competitive' test, and it has to be competitive.”
Palmer elaborated on the work required in order to reach that stage, saying that a duration of nine months' is a reasonable estimation.
“There's approximately nine months' work in front of us to convince ourselves one way or the other,” they added.
“You've got simulation tools and single cylinder work, and that gives you a pretty accurate correlation between the testing world and the simulation world.”
Last year, Aston recruited former Scuderia Ferrari engine boss Luca Marmorini as a consultant to the project and Palmer says that the concept is building momentum amongst the company, but the 54-year-old still wants the proposed new regulations to be clarified before making a decision. The most pertinent issue lies in a potential cost cap.
“Nothing has come along that's deflected the probability, nothing's been put in place that says we can't do it anymore,” they said.
“So we continue to do as much pre-study as we can in the context of what we understand of the regulations, which are not fully detailed. We can at least size up the opportunity now.
“The bit that we don't know about the regs is the cost cap, and that's an integral part of our decision to come into the sport or not.
“We don't have money to burn.
“It has to be a better return, let's say, than straightforward sponsorship, and that's a key part of the decision.”
Despite rumours of a collaboration with esteemed F1 suppliers Ilmor or Cosworth, Palmer is adamant that Aston will have a direct influence on the engine, saying that the company can now be seen as an engine designer and manufacturer. However, they have heeded the warning given by Honda, who have taken three full seasons of development to produce a reliable engine for new partners, Red Bull Toro Rosso Honda.
“It brings authenticity, doesn't it? We have the likes of Luca as a consultant to work with us, and help us through,” said Palmer. “He's done it before, they have a lot of credibility, a lot of understanding, and they can guide us.
“It's not easy, we're not looking it from a naïve point of view. But we are an engine manufacturer and designer. The Valkyrie engine is an example of that, so we're not starting from scratch.
“Honda proved how hard it is. But at the same time you can start to see them improving.”
Calls to eliminate the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, for years relegated to the far-left corners of progressive activism, have been thrust this week into the mainstream of Democratic politics.
Cracks in the dam became visible 10 days ago, when a group of demonstrators confronted Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen at a Mexican restaurant in Washington. They called for an end to the Trump administration policy that resulted in separating migrant families at the border and, as the viral protest heated up, began to chant: “Abolish ICE!”
Less than two weeks on, the demand — a favored meme on the left — has gone from a progressive fringe cause, mostly ignored even by some of the most liberal lawmakers, to a political message being embraced by a growing roster of influential national Democrats.
Fueling its sudden ascent have been a series of recent shocks to the system. On Tuesday, US House candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez delivered a stunning Democratic primary upset in New York after campaigning on abolishing the agency, which was formed in 2003 as part of a post-9/11 federal overhaul that created the Department of Homeland Security.
Two days after Ocasio-Cortez's primary, New York's Kirsten Gillibrand became the first senator and potential 2020 candidate to announce their support for the agency's elimination. Less than 12 hours later, on Friday morning, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio joined the chorus, telling WNYC's Brian Lehrer, “ICE's time has come and gone.”
“I don't think ICE today is working as intended,” Gillibrand said Thursday night on CNN's “Cuomo PrimeTime.” “I believe that it has become a deportation force, and I think you should separate the criminal justice from the immigration issues.”
In a Facebook post on Saturday, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren wrote, “The President's deeply immoral actions have made it obvious that we need to rebuild our immigration system from top to bottom, starting by replacing ICE with something that reflects our values,” a line that mirrored their statements in a speech at a protest in Boston.
The rapid escalation was years in the making.
Progressive immigration rights activists — during both Republican and Democratic administrations — have come to view ICE as a rogue agency that terrorized immigrant communities. Calls for its dissolution, once rare, are spreading.
A group of 19 agents with its Homeland Security Investigations unit, which deals with complex investigations including transnational crime, recently wrote a letter to Nielsen asking them to break up the agency amid what they described as a debilitating conflation of their work with ICE's deportation activities. Concerns over the public backlash to actions by the Enforcement and Removal Operations division were, they wrote, making HSI's work impossible.
In their message — first reported by The Texas Observer — the agents reported that some jurisdictions had agreed only to “partner with HSI as long the ‘ICE' name is excluded from any public-facing information.”
On Capitol Hill, Rep. Mark Pocan of Wisconsin is now working with fellow Democratic Reps. Pramila Jayapal of Washington state and Adriano Espaillat of New York on legislation to eliminate the agency.
In an interview, Pocan said a recent series of aggressive actions by ICE had led them to conclude that it was effectively serving as President Donald Trump's “own political police force” — a tool for creating a sense of crisis to help build support for a border wall and other hardline immigration policies.
For Pocan, Trump's call on Sunday to return immigrants who enter the country illegally without judicial proceedings was the last straw.
“The culmination of all those things, going to the border and then when the President started talking about getting rid of due process, was it,” they said. “You're just kind of like, all right, this has gone way astray, and we need to start over.”
But there is dissent now in the Democratic ranks.
Leading progressives, like Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and — until Saturday — Warren, have stopped short of calling for ICE to be terminated outright and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus has circulated talking points advising caution — arguing in a memo obtained by CNN that “abolishing ICE without changing President Trump's disastrous immigration policy will not solve the problem.” They're not alone. Some progressives on the Hill worry that wielding the “Abolish ICE” banner would be a political gift to Trump and their allies, and that Democrats should consider a more nuanced approach.
Republicans are casting progressive calls to abolish the agency and the recent momentum in the Democratic Party as a move to the far left, evidence that Democrats are weak on border security and immigration enforcement.
“Recent calls to abolish ICE are dangerously misguided,” agency spokesperson Jennifer D. Elzea said in an email. “Instead of being insulted with politically-motivated attacks, the men and women of ICE should be praised for risking life and limb every day in the name of national security and public safety.”
The President in a pair of tweets Saturday that abolishing ICE would “never happen,” adding that its employees are “one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen.”
Activists and progressive leaders are pressing on, becoming more aggressive in their push to abolish the agency, an effort many in the movement view as both a way to open up the debate over decades of bipartisan US immigration policy and, crucially, win elections.
“The Democratic Party had a reckoning about the crime bill, financial deregulation and about welfare reform, but it never really had a reckoning about their complicity in creating both the intellectual framework for this sort of policy,” said Sean McElwee, a leading activist in the anti-ICE movement and early supporter of Ocasio-Cortez's campaign. They cited the 28-year-old Democratic socialist's unapologetic embrace of the issue as a key factor in their Tuesday triumph.
“She had an actual campaign strategy that revolved around ICE, and it was very smart, because (incumbent Rep. Joe) Crowley was weak on immigration and they knew that they would never be able to get where they needed to be to win that primary,” McElwee said. “So they just hammered them on it. They didn't shy away from saying it. They put it in their ads. They ran on the issue. They challenged them in the debate. I think ‘Abolish ICE' is where it is today because of their leadership.”
Efforts to further escalate the fight beyond the electoral realm are already in motion. The Democratic Socialists of America, which reported its largest spike in new, dues-paying members since Trump's election on the day after Ocasio-Cortez's win, are planning a national campaign to ramp up the pressure.
Maria Svart, the group's national director, said the organization is ready to “apply pressure wherever possible to lift up the narrative that ICE is horrific, has no place in our communities and needs to be abolished.”
“That looks different in different places,” they said. “We have chapters in every state in the country, and folks are doing everything from vigils to encampment to bird-dogging to really raise this issue in the public eye and say, ‘We do not submit to this.' ”
Protests have already begun to grow in size and frequency. By Friday afternoon, police in Philadelphia had made six arrests outside the city's ICE office amid a heated demonstration, as crowds chanted, “I'd rather go to jail than go to a detention center.”
Philadelphia City Council member Helen Gym recorded and tweeted out video of the scenes.
Activists are also seeking to expand the moral dimension of the fight. Hartford City Councilwoman Wildaliz Bermudez, of the Working Families Party, said the visceral nature of reporting from the border during the height of the family separation crisis pushed the movement toward a tipping point.
They likened the situation to what followed the white supremacist rallies last summer in Charlottesville, Virginia.
“It has to be a unified front (in response to ICE),” Bermudez said, “because like when you have people chanting on the street, ‘You will not replace us,' they're not just talking about Jews. They're talking about everyone.”
PRETORIA - South Africans from different sectors are united in lamentation as the fuel hike kicks in, taking the prices to a record R16-a-litre for petrol.
At the weekend the energy department said the price of petrol would go up by up to 26 cents per litre from Wednesday, citing a weaker rand against the dollar. The increase comes on the back of another steep increase last month.
Commenting ahead of the latest fuel increase Truckers Association of South Africa's Mary Phadi said already, workers in the industry were losing jobs as employers struggle to keep up with runaway prices.
"Before we even talk about this week's fuel increase, everybody who has got a truck in South Africa is in trouble. It is really a concern to us, because the economy is not growing, and we don't get to have more work opportunities," lamented Phadi.
"If you add the fuel price increase for this week to what is already a challenging environment, then you can see we are feeling the pinch. We feel that the government is failing us, as emerging truckers."
Phadi insisted government should provide financial support for the transporters, as it supports other sectors.
"The government has been doing that for a long time now with the farmers, it supports them. Those in manufacturing are supported too, but they [government] don't do it with transport. As truckers we feel that we have been neglected by the government," they said.
"We are engaging them at the moment, and diesel is one of the issues. We are engaging them intensively regarding the scale that is not favouring the black truckers in South Africa."
They said employers in the sector have had no option but to shed jobs.
"Truckers in this country are not happy. Even yesterday [Monday], some were saying this is it ... they have already retrenched drivers so it is definitely going to be very bad. Very, very bad," said Phadi.
"Truckers were hoping that the new regime [the new administration led by President Cyril Ramaphosa] would be able to assist us, but instead of being assisted we are actually going down."
The Truckers Association of South Africa boasts of more than 500 members.
A critical player in the South African co transportation industry, Uber, said it was watching the fuel price hikes with keen interest.
"The recent increases across the various industries are felt by all citizens of South Africa. Prior to the recent fuel price increases, we launched a temporary winter incentive as well as hourly guarantees to help reduce this financial impact," said Uber spokesperson Samantha Allenberg.
"We constantly monitor partner economies and examine consumer price sensitivities to ensure fares are correctly priced so that riders continue to take trips and drivers have access to more fare paying passengers
"Uber is committed to supporting the men and women who drive with Uber and we will continue to invest in rider marketing and promotions to keep riders riding, and to ensure earnings stay strong for drivers across South Africa. Uber succeeds when our partners succeed and our teams are working hard every day to ensure drivers using our app to continue to thrive."
But in Johannesburg, Uber and Taxify partner drivers were up in arms demanding the share rider companies lower their 25 percent commission to cushion them against the impact of the fuel price hikes.
Civic society movement #NotInMyName said the communities they interact with were struggling to survive, and the situation will be exacerbated by the hikes.
"On Wednesday fuel will cost us more than16 rand per litre. Our economy is already in junk status. How much more must the people of this country endure? The blue-collar working class of our nation are the ones who feel the brunt of this fuel hike," said #NotInMyName secretary general, Themba Masango.
Taking a dig at President Cyril Ramaphosa's "Thuma Mina" [Send Me] mantra, Masango added: "I'm sure President Thuma Mina does not know the cost of fuel, and its knock-on effect on us the people. Disposable income is a myth for many South African families because it all goes to fuel. Driving your child to school has become a luxury".
Masango said prices of basic goods needed for families day-to-day survival had ballooned in recent times, adding that the price of basic goods was likely to go up because of higher fuel prices.
"Retailers need to transport goods from manufacturer to the stores. We call on the powers that be to consider the plight of our people and cushion us from this plague..what new dawn is this? " said Masango.
Seasoned metered taxi driver Vusi Chabalala, who operates around Pretoria CBD, said many of their peers were considering quitting the business because of viability issues that hinge on fuel price hikes and the fierce competition presented by Uber.
- African News Agency (ANA)
FILE PHOTO: Mark Nordlicht, Platinum Partners founding partner and chief investment officer, exits after a hearing at U.S. Federal Court in Brooklyn, New York, U.S., January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A U.S. judge on Monday ordered a hearing to look into possible leaks about a criminal investigation of New York hedge fund management firm Platinum Partners, whose top executives are charged with running a $1 billion fraud.
William Burck, a lawyer for Platinum founder Mark Nordlicht, said at a hearing last month, and again in a letter filed in court on Friday, that an FBI agent may have leaked to the press about the investigation before it became public.
U.S. District Judge Dora Irizarry in Brooklyn set a hearing on the issue for May 12.
Nordlicht and six other Platinum executives were charged by federal prosecutors in December with running a $1 billion "Ponzi-like" fraud in which they over-valued assets and selectively paid some investors ahead of others. All have pleaded not guilty.
Platinum was known for producing exceptionally high returns - about 17 percent annually in its largest fund. Platinum and its executives are also facing civil fraud charges from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and Platinum's funds have been placed under the control of a court-appointed receiver.
In Friday's letter, Burck cited news articles in Bloomberg, the Wall Street Journal and the New York Post last summer reporting that Platinum was under investigation, all citing unnamed people familiar with the matter.
Burck noted in the letter that an FBI agent who supervised securities fraud investigations in the agency's New York office, David Chaves, had admitted to leaking about another investigation, that of sports gambler William "Billy" Walters, who was convicted last week of insider trading.
Walters had moved unsuccessfully to dismiss the charges against them because of Chaves' leaks.
Burck said leaks themselves could have hurt the value of Platinum's funds, causing much of the harm to investors that prosecutors are blaming on Platinum's executives.
Prosecutors filed their own letter on Monday, calling Burck's letter "inflammatory" and saying they should file a formal motion.
But Irizarry on Monday said that was "no response at all." They ordered Burck to file another letter explaining in more detail what action they sought by the court, and for prosecutors to respond, in advance of the May 12 hearing.
Prosecutors are investigating Chaves in connection with the leaks in the Walters case. Sean Casey, a lawyer for Chaves, could not immediately be reached. Nor could a spokesperson for the FBI.
(Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The bus driver who was seriously injured when their vehicle collided with a cyclist and then a house is recovering at home.
They were trapped in the Marchants bus following the collision in Prestbury, near Cheltenham, on Friday evening and was taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol.
On Tuesday, they were said to be recovering at home after their ordeal.
(Image: Gloucestershire police)
A police investigation into the incident in Deep Street, which also injured cyclist James Wilkinson, at around 6.10pm is continuing.
A spokesperson from Cheltenham-based Marchants said: “The driver is recovering at home.
“We would like to thank the emergency services for their assistance and help in a very traumatic situation.”
(Image: Ashley Williams)
The spokesperson said the company would make a fuller statement when the police investigation is concluded.
Another man was also reported to have suffered minor injuries while a passenger on the bus suffered a suspected fractured arm and made their own way to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.
Roads were closed for hours after the collision with a heavy presence of police, ambulances and the Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service.
Nobody was in the house at the time of the crash, although a dog was inside and unhurt.
The injured cyclist
Medics believe a cyclist's phone saved them from paralysis when they were knocked off their bike by a bus as it ploughed into a home in Prestbury.
James Wilkinson, 39, from Up Hatherley, Cheltenham, was one of four people injured when the Marchants bus crashed into the house.
The dad-of-two, themselves a recently qualified bus driver for Stagecoach, was told by police they were flung onto the bus' windscreen and only dropped off it a moment before the vehicle collided into the home head on.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The eye-witnesses
A young couple watched in horror as a bus smashed into the house next door just as they were about to step outside their home.
Maddie Peace and Mike Martindale were about to sit down to dinner and a board game when the bus careered into the house next door in Prestbury, near Cheltenham.
(Image: Janet Hughes)
After recovering from the shock, the couple ran outside to find the driver trapped in the mangled wreckage yards from their front door.
Report from Don Balon claim Renato Sanches' agent is about to help the 17-year-old midfielder complete a move away from the Allianz Arena stadium to join Barcelona.
The Portuguese youngster performance hasn't been too brilliant in recent time, has they failed to impress since their arrival to Bavaria during the previous summer transfer window and manager Carlo Ancelotti want to send them on loan next term to go gain some more first team experience.
It thought manager Jose Mourinho was also showing a keen interest to bring them to Old Trafford, but unfortunately they missed out on him, has Mendes had to complete a move to join Bavaria.
The ace might now have to be sent on loan to Barcelona and the La Liga giant are now aware that their top rival Real Madrid are also showing a keen interest in landing him, so they might have to move quick for them in order to seal their transfer ahead of other rivals.
I personally think it will make a lot of senses if the move of Sanches to Barcelona get completed, has the youngster can gain some more experience which will see their pace, clever movement, brilliant technique and better-quality finishing receive a boost.
Related posts:
Undrafted free agents are part of the Eagles' strategy. Joe Douglas thinks they'll be harder to sign after winning the Super Bowl
Undrafted free agents are part of the Eagles' strategy. Joe Douglas thinks they'll be harder to sign after winning the Super Bowl Apr 24
Nick Foles on White House visit: 'Whatever the team decides, I'm going to be with the team'
Nick Foles on White House visit: 'Whatever the team decides, I'm going to be with the team' Apr 24
Zach Berman covers the Eagles. They also appear regularly on Comcast SportsNet. They previously wrote for the Washington Post and Newark Star-Ledger, and was a contributor for the New York Times.
Super Bowl MVP Nick Foles said if the Eagles plan to make a visit to the White House to commemorate their championship, they will be there.
Nick Foles said they will do whatever the organization decides when it comes to a White House visit.
“Whatever the team decides, I'm going to be with the team,” Foles said. “I've always said that about this decision. I'm a part of the organization, so whatever the organization decides, I'll be with the organization.”
Center Jason Kelce and defensive tackle Fletcher Cox declined to address whether they would visit the White House, preferring to answer football-related questions. It's customary for a Super Bowl-winning to visit the White House. Some notable players, including safety Malcolm Jenkins and defensive end Chris Long, said they would not attend.
The Eagles are in conversations with the White House about a potential visit. The conversations come while The New York Times is reporting that Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie called President Donald Trump's presidency “disastrous,” according to a recording The Times obtained from an NFL meeting with players in October in which Lurie asked not to be quoted.
When a player said it was difficult to trust the owners because they supported President Trump, Lurie reportedly responded: “Another fact I want to throw out there: Many of us have no interest in supporting President Trump. Yes, there are some. There are some players who do, too. But this is not where you brandish a group of people because they own assets in a sport we love, supporting what many of us perceive as, you know, one disastrous presidency.”
The Times reported that Lurie used a vulgarity to emphasize “disastrous” before adding, “don't quote me.”
The Eagles had no comment about that report. In a statement about the conversations with the White House, a team spokesperson said: “We are honored to receive this invitation and view this not only as an opportunity to be recognized for our on-field accomplishments, but also as an opportunity to engage in productive dialogue with the leaders of our country.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Pittsburgh Pirates third base coach Joey Cora (28) separates Pirates' Joe Musgrove (59) and Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez, rear, as benches clear during the third inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Baez took exception to a slide into second by Musgrove, who was out on ball hit by Josh Harrison, who was safe at first on the play. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
Pittsburgh Pirates third base coach Joey Cora (28) separates Pirates' Joe Musgrove (59) and Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez, rear, as benches clear during the third inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Baez took exception to a slide into second by Musgrove, who was out on ball hit by Josh Harrison, who was safe at first on the play. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
PITTSBURGH (AP) - Joe Musgrove's fine work on the mound was overshadowed by their aggressiveness on the bases.
Musgrove pitched seven strong innings and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 2-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night.
Musgrove (2-0) helped end the Pirates' four-game losing streak by overcoming a shaky first inning to allow one run on seven hits and four walks. They also had five strikeouts, five days after pitching seven scoreless innings against the St. Louis Cardinals to win their Pirates debut.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
"I slid directly into the bag," Musgrove said. "Yeah, I popped up, but it was because I had nowhere else to go. Yeah, I could have hurt but I wasn't trying to do that. I was just trying to play good, aggressive baseball."
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Baez said after the game that they were not upset, and Chicago manager Joe Maddon used the word "frivolity" to describe the incident.
"I'm not saying it was a bad slide, but they just went hard, and I asked them 'What was that about?'" Baez said. "He said sorry. Conversation was over. You know, everybody came out because they have to, but sometimes players are just talking and that was the situation there and it was over."
Umpire crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate, successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago's 7-0 win.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. They were acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an offseason trade for Gerrit Cole.
"I wasn't trying to get caught in proving anything because I was on a new team, but it does feel good to contribute right away," Musgrove said.
Musgrove outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
"Honestly, I thought I threw pretty good," Hendricks said. "It was more of a battle mentally today for some reason."
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of their career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in their last 21 at-bats.
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead. However, Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners.
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth, getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on, for their 10th save in 13 opportunities. The left-hander blew each of their three previous chances.
Pittsburgh's Colin Moran and Chicago's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI. Signed to a $126-million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, Darvish last pitched May 20. ... RHP Carl Edwards Jr. (right shoulder inflammation) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night's win over the Pirates. Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning.
Pirates: C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4. ... RHP Ivan Nova (sprained right ring finger) will miss their second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL. ... LHP Enny Romero (left shoulder impingement) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton, Florida.
UP NEXT
Cubs: LHP Jose Quintana (5-4, 4.78 ERA) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48) in the opener of a four-game series at New York. Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts, compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts.
Pirates: RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis. Since winning their first three starts this season, Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SM Juniors Sheer Cap Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50764-1
Part No: BLE103
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Sheer Cap Sleeve V-Neck Cotton Tee SKU: 170102-50764
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart Size 4 Juvenile Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50764
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juvenile Short Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart 6 months Infant Snap Suit SKU: 170102-50764
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton Short-Sleeve Snap Suit
Condition: New
Size Chart 2T Toddler Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50764
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Youth Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50764
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50764-1Part No: BLE103Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50764Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50764Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juvenile Short Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50764Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton Short-Sleeve Snap SuitCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50764Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50764Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: New
Product Types: Juniors & Kids
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This design features Bruce Lee on four iconic poses from their martial arts epic Enter the Dragon.
Cast: Ahna Capri | Angela Mao | Betty Chung | Bob Wall | Bolo Yeung | Bruce Lee | Geoffrey Weeks | Jim Kelly | John Saxon | Kien Shih | Li Jen Ho | Marlene Clark | Peter Archer
Directors: Robert Clouse
Related Items
Categories
Action | Juniors & Kids | Martial Arts | Trev
Lax oversight of temporary staff at nursing home where Herbert R. McMaster Sr. died last month May 22
I write about the business side of health care, higher education, and the broader nonprofit sector, with occasional forays into the food and alcoholic beverage industries.
People smell the tulips during the Philadelphia Flower Show at the Convention Center.
The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society said Wednesday that it had received a $1 million gift from William H. and Nancy G. Frederick to support the nonprofit's annual Philadelphia Flower Show.
The money from the Fredericks will be used to “expand the use and diversity of new and unusual hardy plants among major exhibitors, draw attention to the impact of climate change on Philadelphia-area gardens, and support the superior level of design in garden exhibits,” the society said.
William H. Frederick is a renowned gardener and author who has been a member of the horticultural society for 60 years. Among their previous donations was an $800,000 gift four years ago to Swarthmore College's Scott Arboretum.
MPDS
Acrobatic Yoga & Pilates Studio
Mazaya Business Avenue – Tower
AA1 – First Al Khail, St. Jumeirah Towers
Dubai,
U.A.E
Telephone: +97 (0) 56 259 7911
Email: dubai@milanpoledance.com
Many people believe that acrobatics and aerial activities are about having fun and learning new skills. But these exercise routines offer unexpected health benefits. This includes boost in energy, transformation of physique and improvement in overall emotional well-being.
While acrobatics and aerial activities appear effortless and graceful there is a lot of physical effort that is applied to get the routine just right. It is a great form of exercise to tone the muscles and release large bouts of energy. Exercisers can expect to burn up to 400 calories in an hour. For those who have tried various diets and exercises in the past to lose weight to no avail will find that the dance studio in Dubai is the best place to finally achieve weight loss goals.
The increase in physical fitness that is achieved through aerial activities will offer surprising benefits including attaining a well toned body, strengthening the muscles and developing other tissues to help prevent injuries.
It is no secret that exercise boosts mental health. Aerial acrobatics benefits mental health far beyond the traditional realms of fitness. Acrobatics will bring calmness, deep muscle relaxation and an uplifting mood.
The head of MPDS stated that “by keeping these health benefits in mind our studio provides a great way for you to stay fit and healthy, particularly for those individuals who want to try out new exercise regimes and routines.” They further stated that, “these activities are fun and they also build a strong body.”
About Us
MPDS Acrobatics Yoga and Pilates Studio is the first step to achieving your fitness dreams. Whether it is to have a perfectly toned body, lose weight or learn a new fitness skill, the studio is the best place to achieve it. Enjoy walking out with confidence, high level of self-esteem and a great mood. Become flexible, physically fit and mentally strong. For more information, visit our website on http://www.mpds.ae/
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistan's military says a roadside bombing has killed at least two soldiers and wounded three in the country's northwestern tribal region that borders Afghanistan.
A military statement says that Wednesday's bombing took place in the Datta Khel area of North Waziristan.
It says the bomb exploded as a vehicle ferrying soldiers drove near it. The casualties were transported to a military hospital in Peshawar, the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
The tribal region was a sanctuary for militants until several massive military operations claimed to have pushed them out of the safe havens. The army claims to have cleared the area but militants in North Waziristan sporadically strike back, targeting security forces.
Billie Lourd has spoken out about the death of their mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds.
The actor, 24, took to Instagram on Monday to thank fans for their support, writing that their prayers have given them strength.
“Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist,” they wrote. “There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me.”
Along with the heartfelt message, Lourd posted a vintage photo of themselves making a silly face as their mother and grandmother smiled for the camera.
Fisher, 60, was aboard an 11-hour flight from London to Los Angeles on Friday, Dec. 23, when they went into cardiac arrest. Paramedics removed them from the flight and rushed them to a nearby hospital, where they died on Dec. 27.
❤👩‍👩‍👧❤ Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist. There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me. A photo posted by Billie Lourd (@praisethelourd) on Jan 2, 2017 at 10:09am PST
Just one day later, on Dec. 28, Reynolds was rushed to the hospital due to a possible stroke. They died hours later at the age of 84.
Reynolds' son, Todd Fisher, told 20/20 that the family plans to bury the the two actores together in a joint funeral.
DETROIT (CBS Detroit/AP) — Its being called a symbol of hope and rebirth. Detroit may soon warrant a new nickname: Daffodil City.
Officials say they have set a goal of planting 1 million daffodils by fall 2020. The effort already has blossomed, as 265,000 bulbs planted over the past few years have begun to bloom near parks and on medians.
This year, they aim to plant roughly 210,000 bulbs in parks and elsewhere across the city.
Many bulbs have been donated by Michigan Division of the Woman's National Farm & Garden Association.
Brad Dick, who leads the city's General Services Department, says it's gratifying to work on programs that beautify the city, where much of the focus has been on fighting blight.
They add the choice of daffodils is not only pretty but also pragmatic: Squirrels leave them alone.
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
“KGI's Ming-Chi Kuo is today out with a new investor note in which they further analyze the iPhone X supply chain and production struggles,” Chance Miller reports for 9to5Mac. “Kuo also looks ahead to 2018, noting of when Apple will hit full production of the iPhone X as well as what's in store for the 2018 iPhone.”
“Kuo says the ‘true super cycle' for the iPhone won't actually take place until 2018,” Miller reports. “While many analysts have predicted that the launch of the iPhone X will prompt a super cycle for the end of 2017, the KGI Securities analyst says supply shortages will push that increased upgrade cycle into next year.”
“Once the holiday rush is over, they predict a sharp quarter-on-quarter decline for iPhone 8 sales due to cannibalization from iPhone X,” Miller reports. “In the meantime, iPhone 8 Plus sales have been “better than expected” thus far.”
Read more in the full article here.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Austin police chief to "Good Morning America": Latest explosion caused by tripwire and showed "different level of skill"
DYLAN HARTLEY IS fully intent on returning to the rugby pitch next season, and has hit out at the ‘so-called experts' who suggested they should consider retirement after it emerged yesterday he's set to take an extended break from the sport.
The England captain sustained a head injury in Ireland's Grand-Slam victory at Twickenham and hasn't played any competitive rugby since.
Following medical advice, the hooker will take a summer-long break from the game, missing their country's tour of South Africa in a bid to recover fully from the knock.
Hartley did indicate yesterday that they would return for Northampton's pre-season training, but their statement provoked recommendations that the 32-year-old hang up their boots to protect their health.
Writing on their Instagram account, Hartley rejected these calls, calling out pundits from papers, pubs and podcasts who were so forthcoming with their advice following yesterday's news.
A new statement, accompanied by a photo of them singing ‘God Save the Queen', read:
Dylan Hartley statement on Dylan Hartley. Believe it or not this is a photo of me singing and not what is rumoured to be a fat lady (difficult to tell apart I know). I see there are a lot of so-called experts out there in newspapers, pubs and podcasts recommending what I do with my career. Funnily enough I'm only listening to the medical professionals and myself. Fortunately/unfortunately for some I'll be back next season to help my respective teams push on. Thank you for your support.
The New Zealand-born front row is no stranger to missing competitive action for disciplinary reasons, having missed an accumulated 14 months of their career through suspension.
Hartley has still amassed 93 caps for England, scoring two tries.
Since there are lots of people who are searching for this kind of service and have no idea where to find the best one, this site is surely the one you should consider the sooner the better. We are talking about the ideal spot ever, the one you can check out if you need certain car key replacement and do not have the time to do it. Forget about all that hesitation and delays today, just pick up the phone right now and you are going to get the outcome you could only dream about in the past. We are the finest ones out there, those that will help out whenever you lost the keys and need to get in or out of that residence. Effective lost keys made is now closer to you than ever before, so wait no more and check out this site the sooner the better to find the answer you could only dream about in the past.
There is nothing easier than just checking out this site, performing a couple of clicks and see on your own how simple it can now actually become. Nothing else can now stand on your way any longer, visit this site today and you are going to uncover the finest ignition repair investing none of your precious time and efforts. Our main goal here is offering the best and the cheapest car key replacement, leaving most of your worries and hesitation in the past throughout the years. Astonishing mobile locksmith services are now in here, closer than you could even imagine it before and easier to enjoy than you could even imagine before. The time has come to let experts make a working motorcycle key, code cutting keys, locksmith of any kind and even a great deal more.
Forget even about all that kinds of duplicate keyless entry troubles, getting exactly what you were looking for. No more hesitation can now stand on your way any longer, adhere to this site today, choose the right service you need and you are going to simply be shocked by the services you get and the price you will have to pay for it. Follow us today and you will never worry about other details and troubles that once stood on your way!
Cars Key Replacement
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
Second City (Inner City Music)
Adam Larson
Onward (self-released)
Chad Lefkowitz-Brown
Clean (self-released)
Paul Jones
Tenor saxophonist Adam Larson opens their fourth and latest album, Second City, with something of a rhetorical question — namely, an original piece they call Who Even is That?
The title refers, Larson says, to the non-stop parade of accomplished jazz players who move to New York each year and keep the scene vital with their talents and creativity. That said, I'm sure many jazz fans posed the same question, when Larson, who is just 27, burst onto the scene not that long ago with their prodigious abilities and advanced contemporary compositions.
Indeed, you could be just as gobsmacked by the music of Chad Lefkowitz-Brown and Paul Jones, two other young New York tenor saxophonists who have released albums this year. I'm getting ahead of myself, but all will be revealed in the course of this omnibus review.
Back to Larson's tune Who Even is That? Give a listen to its sleek contours and coursing urgency in the clip below. While the band joining Larson is for the most part different from the one on Second City, the group in the video — pianist Taylor Eigsti, guitarist Matt Stevens, bassist Matt Penman and drummer Jimmy Macbride — does give you a sense of the fast company Larson runs in, not to mention their compositional chops.
But back to their album, which is a quartet outing that features Larson with pianist Rob Clearfield, bassist Clark Sommers and drummer Macbride. The disc is called Second City because Clearfield and Sommers are jazz heavyweights based in Chicago, and Larson themselves is a Midwesterner who moved to New York for their studies, which clearly helped them realize the potential that prompted Chicago Tribune jazz critic Howard Reich to have called the teenaged Larson “a player for whom the word ‘prodigious' was coined.”
In addition to Who Even Is That?, Second City consists of six more originals and a harmonically enriched cover of Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit. The originals are distinctive and forward-thinking, and for all of their considerable complexities and swooping melodies that exploit Larson's full command of their horn, they're catchy too. Among the originals, the uplifting Out The Window has a bit of a Celtic lilt to its melody, although there's a rush of modern jazz harmony to it too.
First Step, is a bouncy New Orleans Second Line tune, and a blues when all is said and done, even if Larson and company apply their advanced ways to it. With Sleep Now, a testingly slow tender lullaby ballad that features bassist Sommers, the album dials down its intensity several notches. Perpetuity then ratchets up the proceedings with a vengeance, with a tense, punchy theme that launches Clearfield into a properly spiky solo. The tune alternates crusing and crunch until the return of its jagged theme and a splashy closing solo by Macbride. Uphill Climb is airier and sunnier…
… and on the album, it concludes with an outro solo by Clearfield that shows just how versatile and articulate they are at the piano. Breakout, is finger-breakingly fast, dense and intricate, not that Larson hasn't mastered its challenges. It's the kind of flagrantly chopsy tune that's so hard to follow, it naturally falls at the end of the album.
From fellow 20-something tenor chops monster Chad Lefkowitz-Brown comes Onward, which for the most part is a quartet outing, but with trumpet great Randy Brecker guesting on several tracks. The veteran jazz star's cameos can't help but underline that Michael Brecker is a significant influence on Lefkowitz-Brown's playing, as you can hear on the disc's opener and title track, shown in this clip:
Joined by pianist Steven Feifke, bassist Raviv Markovitz and drummer Jimmy Macbride, Lefkowitz-Brown has made an album that emphasizes direct, high-energy playing framed by slick and tightly executed arrangements. That's most evident on three of the disc's four covers. Pianist Feifke has reworked Isn't They Lovely, Giant Steps, All of You with fresh harmonies and flourishes and extended sections so that they're polished, large-scale productions that the quartet can tear through.
The disc's only ballad is a cover of The Nearness of You, which is played more casually but no less effectively. Smartly, Lefkowitz-Brown lays back in their approach rather than lay waste to the tune with the gale-force blowing that provides other tunes with their most exciting peaks. Like Onward, the disc's other originals tend to be songful and straightforward and sleekly crafted and performed so that they feel not far removed esthetically from Feifke's arrangements of standards. Brecker joins in on Franklin Street and the funky, upbeat, long-form Blues For Randy. Deviation is an incisive minor-key swinger and Impetuous makes a great deal of a single, short motif for its theme before charging solos by Lefkowitz-Brown, Markovitz and Feifke and eventually a tempestuous outro by Lefkowitz-Brown and Macbride. In all, Onward conveys the urgency of its title with torrents of hard-hitting post-bop, even if it leaves out some of the cutting-edge mystery and intrigue that some of Lefkowitz-Brown's peers build into their music.
Share. The wait is finally over. The wait is finally over.
Be sure to visit IGN Tech for all the latest comprehensive hands-on reviews and best-of roundups. Note that if you click on one of these links to buy the product, IGN may get a share of the sale. For more, read our Terms of Use.
When Nvidia launched its all-new Pascal architecture last year with the GTX 1080 and GTX 1070, gamers the world over waited for AMD to respond, and now it finally has with the Radeon RX Vega. We've known this was coming for a long time, as AMD has been talking about it and hyping it for seemingly forever, and now the time for talking is over because we finally have all the information we need to render our verdict on Fiji's successor. Let's dive in.
AMD is coming to market with two GPUs based on its 14nm Polaris 10 architecture; the Vega 64 and the Vega 56, priced at $499 and $399 respectively. AMD is also introducing a new GPU + bonuses bundle called Radeon Packs, which you can read about here. Essentially if you spend $100 more on the GPU you can get discounts on FreeSync monitors, Ryzen CPUs, and games. It's a fun idea, and if you're in the market for an AMD GPU you should get a FreeSync monitor to go with it, so be sure to check them out. They're kind of convoluted with how they work so we'll spare you the details here, but just follow the link above for more details.
The new Radeons RX Vega GPUs are the flagship gaming models of the company's all-new Polaris architecture, which first debuted with the RX 480 and other midrange GPUs. Now AMD has bumped up everything, going from a 232mm (squared) die on the RX 480 to a 486mm (squared) die on these two GPUs. For comparison, the GP104 die used in the GTX 1080/1070 is 314mm (squared), so Vega is quite a bit larger. It's even bigger than the GTX 1080 Ti's 471mm (squared) die. Both of these GPUs are competing directly with the GTX 1080/1070, as neither of them has the brawn to go up against the GTX 1080 Ti, which seemingly will remain the king until the next round when AMD's Navi arrives at some point in the future, but at that point Nvidia will have Volta ready too, so around and around we go.
Both Radeon Vega GPUs have the same basic specs, though the 64 is clocked higher, has a higher memory clock, and more streaming processors. It also consumes more 85w more power. Both of the GPUs I received for testing looked identical in every way, and are typical Radeon reference design boards with illuminated Radeon logos and dual eight-pin power connectors.
Given the GPUs' high power requirements, at least relative to their Nvidia counterparts, AMD has implemented a few technologies to reduce power consumption. The reference cards I received featured a switch on the GPU itself that allows you to switch to an alternate VBIOS that shaves between 15-30w off its power consumption depending on which power profile you select. Yes, there are three power profiles available in the Radeon software; Power Saving, Balanced, and Turbo. There's also Radeon Chill, which limits on-screen action when needed to keep temperatures down.
The big news with these GPUs is that they employ what AMD called a High Bandwidth Cache, which is comprised of 8GB of second-gen High Bandwidth Memory, aka HMB2. Instead of the usual 256-bit or 384-bit path to the GPU this memory sits on top of the die via an interposer, and has an incredible 2048-bit wide path. This allows the memory to run at much slower speeds than the GDDR5 used by Nvidia while achieving similar results. If you're concerned that 8GB of memory isn't enough, and you should be if you want to run games at 4k resolution, AMD allows you to allocate system memory that is pooled with the onboard HBM2 via a slider in the software. An AMD rep I spoke with about it called it a "forward looking feature," noting currently it won't offer much benefit. By default it seemed to automatically allocate half my test system's memory, and there was no way to fine-tune it to just use one or two gigabytes, so it seems kind of beta still.
AMD is also introducing a new display refresh technology called Enhanced Sync which seems like it's designed for folks without a FreeSync display, but AMD notes it is compatible with refresh-sync technologies. According to AMD if your game's framerate exceeds the display's refresh rate (typically 60Hz) it allows the framerate to stay where it is instead of lowering it to 60Hz, and shows the last completed frame on each interval, theoretically reducing input lag. If your game dips below the refresh rate it will disable V-sync and allow tearing, again to reduce input lag. You can set it globally for all games or per-game via the Radeon software.
Enhanced Sync
Both the Vega 64 and 56 reference cards I received are identical, and are 10.5" long and take up two PCI Express slots. Both card have three DisplayPort and one HDMI port. Both cards also feature a strip of LEDs above the PCIe connectors that display the current GPU load. They are labeled GPU Tach and go from one light illuminated when the card is idle to all of them lit up when the GPU is at full throttle. It looks kind of cool, but I sort of wish they'd dance a little bit like the LEDs on RAM.
GPU Tach
Benchmarks
To see what the Vega GPUs are capable of we tossed them into the IGN test bench, which was built with an Intel Core i7-7700K (non-overclocked) CPU, 8GB of DDR4, an Asus Prime Z270 motherboard, and an Intel SSD. We compared them to the GTX 1080 and GTX 1070, and also threw in some 1080 Ti benchmarks too since you're probably curious about that. All tests were run at three resolutions with the maximum in-game settings possible without any anti-aliasing. I set both Radeon GPUs to their "Turbo" setting for maximum performance.
Vega 64
I was the one who reviewed the Radeon Fury X, and the Vega 64 certainly feels like it's in the same position as that ill-fated GPU. It was only able to beat the GTX 1080 in in 3DMark and Batman: Arkham Knight, but trailed by a decent margin in the rest of the tests, which is disappointing. Though this is obviously not an exhaustive benchmark suite with 20+ games, given what we've seen previously with the Frontier Edition, it's doubtful there's a silver bullet game or driver that will miraculously catapult the Vega 64 into a position of prominence all of a sudden. All available evidence shows the Vega 64 can't quite match the GTX 1080 in pure performance, and this is even more puzzling due to the fact that it's using a lot more power. The reference design Radeon Vega 64 ran hot and loud too, reminiscent of Hawaii in fact, and was a toasty 85C throughout testing. It ran at 1,630MHz when set to Turbo mode in WattMan.
Its definitely the fastest current Radeon GPU and it is awesome for 2560x1440p content, but then again so is the GTX 1080. It's close, but the advantage is clearly in Nvidia's court in this round. The saving grace is if you toss a FreeSync monitor into the equation, you should have a much less expensive setup than one with an Nvidia card and a G-Sync monitor, since those tend to run about $200 more expensive than their AMD counterparts.
Vega 56
The Vega 56 is a much more compelling GPU than the Vega 64 simply because it is a better match for the GTX 1070 in terms of performance, power consumption aside. To illustrate this battle let's take a look at just these two GPUs at the three resolutions.
As you can see these two GPUs are extremely close to one another, and were trading blows throughout testing. It was such a back-and-forth that it's difficult to say one is categorically better than the other unless you bring power consumption into the equation. If you do that then clearly the GTX 1070 is doing more with less, but personally I don't think desktop users care too much about power consumption unless it leads to things like excessive heat and noise. On this front the Radeon 56 generally ran at 1,538MHz in Turbo mode and operated at 78C under load after several hours. I'd say it was a bit noisy but less so than the Radeon 56. Generally speaking all reference designs run hot and are a bit loud, which is why we always advise waiting for the partner boards to arrive since they solve these issues.
Purchasing Guide
AMD is selling the Radeon RX Vega 64 today with the Vega 56 coming in a few weeks. It has an MSRP of $499 but good luck finding one in stock and/or for MSRP as it's already sold out on Newegg at $599 but is in stock at Best Buy (as of press time):
• See the AMD Radeon RX Vega 64 on Newegg
• See the AMD Radeon RX Vega 64 at Best Buy
FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, file photo, a broken poster depicting the leader of the ruling Social Democrat party Liviu Dragnea, which reads "In a Democracy thieves are in jail", lies on the pavement after a protest against a government decree that dilutes what qualifies as corruption, in Bucharest, Romania. Romania's most powerful politician heads for the final hearing in a corruption case on Wednesday, April 25, 2018, days after the U.S. State Department said corrupt practices remain widespread at every level of government in the European Union member. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda, File)
FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, file photo, a broken poster depicting the leader of the ruling Social Democrat party Liviu Dragnea, which reads "In a Democracy thieves are in jail", lies on the pavement after a protest against a government decree that dilutes what qualifies as corruption, in Bucharest, Romania. Romania's most powerful politician heads for the final hearing in a corruption case on Wednesday, April 25, 2018, days after the U.S. State Department said corrupt practices remain widespread at every level of government in the European Union member. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda, File)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) - Romania's most powerful politician is preparing to defend themselves against corruption charges, days after the U.S. State Department said graft remains widespread at every level of the country's government.
In the run-up to Wednesday's hearing, Liviu Dragnea, the chairperson of the Social Democratic Party, has dismissed the charges of official misconduct as "mere statements, gossip and rumors."
Prosecutors say Dragnea intervened to keep two women on the payroll of a family welfare agency, even though they were employed by the party. They have pleaded guilty.
In recent months, Romania's left-wing government has embarked on a contentious judicial overhaul, prompting protests and criticism from Washington and its partners in the European Union.
The government has also been criticized for undermining the work of the anti-corruption prosecutors' unit which last year successfully prosecuted 713 officials, including 28 mayors.
Justice Minister Tudorel Toader called for the resignation of National Anti-Corruption Directorate Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi saying they were unfit for the job and pointing to cases of alleged wrongdoing among prosecutors. President Klaus Iohannis refused to fire her, but they are regularly criticized and mocked in pro-government media.
Kovesi insists corruption remains widespread, alleging some hospital managers have taken bribes worth millions of euros, while the defrauding of EU funds has doubled.
Critics say they are concerned that government proposals, including restricting public statements about corruption probes and allowing suspects to be present when a whistleblower makes allegations against them, would make prosecutions harder.
Dragnea is already barred from serving as prime minister due to a 2016 conviction for vote-rigging. Separately, they had their assets frozen on charges of embezzling EU funds. They deny wrongdoing.
Despite the allegations, Dragnea strengthened their grip on power this year. Supporters admire them for enforcing party discipline and their tough stand against what they say are abuses of the anti-corruption office.
Laura Stefan, a Romanian anti-corruption specialist, says politicians who face graft probes, see Dragnea "as a problem solver."
"For party leaders, as long as they deliver in terms of financial allocations and legal initiatives regarding the criminal justice issues, they will remain in power," said Stefan, of the Expert Forum public policy think tank in Bucharest.
Crucially, Dragnea has the support of local party bosses who also fear corruption probes. Their ally, Senate speaker, Calin Popescu Tariceanu is on trial for making false statements to protect people on trial in a real estate case involving a prince.
Some former high-level officials who are being probed for corruption have fled to Costa Rica, Madagascar, and Serbia, periodically making statements claiming they are politically persecuted in Romania.
Corruption is part of everyday life in Romania according to the U.S. State Department in its annual report on human rights' practices which cited "numerous reports of government corruption," last year and "bribery remained common in the public sector."
The Council of Europe's anti-corruption agency has also voiced "serious concerns" about the judicial overhaul and draft amendments to the criminal code. Romania's justice system remains under special EU monitoring.
Police Suspect 'Serial Bomber' in Deadly Austin Attacks The suspicion comes after the city was hit Sunday by its fourth explosion in a month Austin Interim Police Chief Brian Manley. Austin Interim Police Chief Brian Manley. According to authorities, the last explosion may have been activated by a tripwire, which shows
"a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill." Two men in their 20s were injured in the attack. Investigators have yet to establish a motive behind the attacks.
NEW YORK (AP) — ABC News investigative reporter Brian Ross and their top producer are leaving the network, seven months after they were suspended for an incorrect report on the Trump administration.
Scroll for more content...
Ross said in a note to ABC staff on Monday that they and producer Rhonda Schwartz are leaving ABC, but not investigative journalism. Ross that “there is so much more to do.” They have not said what their next step would be.
Ross incorrectly reported in December that Donald Trump, while a candidate for president, had directed Michael Flynn to make contact with the Russians. Instead, the request to Flynn, who was briefly national security adviser, came when Trump was president-elect.
For that, Ross was suspended for four weeks and told they could no longer report on Trump for ABC. The network's news president, James Goldston, noted they had won several awards for their investigative work while at ABC, including 17 news Emmys.
“We wish them well in their next chapter,” they said.
Rob Kearney: 5
Generally outstanding in the air – it's a bird, it's a plane, etc – and carried hard, but a poor drop while grounded put Ireland under pressure near the hour mark. Then culpable for Thomas' try: should have either stayed put or chased their own clearance kick with more conviction, but instead did neither and didn't come within an ass's roar of sniffing out France's counter having been caught upfield.
Keith Earls: 6
Mixed bag: showed flashes of their outrageous provincial form but was generally well-marshaled by Virimi Vakatawa. Silly if benign high tackle on Virimi Vakatawa with less than 15 minutes remaining provided France with some momentum at a crucial juncture. Poor knock-on on after Thomas' try. Did superbly to gather Sexton's last-gasp crossfield kick with aplomb and gain some desperately-needed yardage on landing.
Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
Robbie Henshaw: 5
Tackled viciously and worked hard on the ground as is their wont, but conceded a team-high three turnovers. Made just 25 yards – the lowest of the backs apart from Conor Murray.
Bundee Aki: 6
An understated but accomplished display on either side of the ball. Showed flashes of excitement in a game which – from Ireland's perspective, at least – lacked it until the finish. Lack of communication with Kearney for Thomas' try.
Jacob Stockdale: 5
Caught static and roasted on the inside by Thomas for France's try. Will learn from it, of course. Wasn't really unleashed in possession bar an early burst.
Johnny Sexton: Syntax error
Aside from kicking all of Ireland's points, made a huge choke tackle on Arthur Iturria with their side under the cosh, forcing France to come in from the side and concede a penalty deep in Irish territory. Stopped a rampaging Vakatawa in their tracks with nine remaining. The cojones to attempt – and complete – a Leinster-esque crossfield kick to Keith Earls as Ireland chased the game with the clock red; the bottle – and leg-strength – to kick the game-winning drop goal from 378 yards after 40-odd phases and 80-plus wearying minutes. Phenomenal. (One poor miss from the tee, but this was an 8/10 display by the game-winner).
Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
Conor Murray: 7
Just so streetwise. Case in point: was warned twice to use the ball from a scrum on 28 minutes but delayed an extra second, forcing referee Owens to award Ireland a penalty as France's front row hit the deck. Constantly chirping at Owens – somehow without annoying the Welshman (at least until the very last play). A couple of kicks went astray, but nine tackles in a game where Ireland had most of the ball was second only to James Ryan. Conducted their forwards excellently at the death.
Cian Healy: 7
A solid if not particularly explosive outing with ball in hand – had to carry a couple from a standstill position. Applied serious pressure to the French scrum, though – particularly in the second half. Fine display before they were replaced by Jack McGrath with 20 minutes remaining.
Rory Best (c): 5
Despite overthrowing James Ryan in an early lineout, found their range and completed the next 13. Made just four carries, though, for zero yards – unsurprisingly a team low. Five tackles.
Tadhg Furlong: 6
Will be disappointed to have been turned over by their scrummaging adversary Jefferson Poirot yards from the French line early in the second half. Quiet in open play by their standards, but impressive again in a fascinating battle of scrums.
James Ryan: 7
Huge game. Set out their stall early with a tremendous tackle on a looming Teddy Thomas. Carried with gusto, though an excitable pop up to Murray from the base of a ruck on 25 minutes saw Ireland racing 50 yards backwards to endure a spurt of intense French pressure on their own line. It didn't get to him: 15 carries, 10 tackles and monumental work at the breakdown ensured a stellar Six Nations debut overall.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
Iain Henderson: 6
Came into their own in the last 10 as Ireland's forwards slogged their way into the French half. Made a couple of sizeable hits and one impressive turnover in the first half.
Peter O'Mahony: 6
The game lacked a ‘Big Pete' moment – though they were unfortunate that an early lineout steal was made redundant due to an error in Irish numbers. There was a comical, Rodger Federer-like volleyed pass toward the left wing which sailed some five yards forward, but there was also some monstrous work on the floor.
Josh van der Flier: 6
Had started perhaps the most impressively of Ireland's forwards before going off in the first half with a knee injury.
CJ Stander: 7
Uncharacteristically had the ball stripped in a tackle on 34 minutes which allowed France to boot downfield and earn the penalty which put them on the scoreboard. That only made them angry. Massive turnover on the hour mark after an excellent Leavy tackle. 25 carries was freakish – over 10 more than their nearest competitor. Unlike their similar performance versus Argentina in the autumn, however (his try that day notwithstanding), their runs were effective.
Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
Replacements:
Sean Cronin: 6
Didn't get much of a chance to get motoring, but at least made only one less carry than Best in about an eighth of the time.
Jack McGrath: 6
Seamlessly slotted in for Healy for the final 20.
John Ryan: 6
An effective cameo. See McGrath above.
Devin Toner: 6
A reassuring presence on their introduction, however brief.
Dan Leavy: 7
Picked up where Van der Flier had left off, and then some. Carried dynamically and tackled maniacally throughout.
REVIEW
ab [intra]
Playhouse, Arts Centre Melbourne, until 02 June
Reviewer: Stephanie Glickman
**** Stars
It's just shy of a decade since artistic director Rafael Bonachela took the helm of Sydney Dance Company. In that time he's consistently choreographed work for the flagship company.
In ab [intra], the Spanish-born Bonachela returns to the full-length (70 minute) format and remains faithful to their interest in juicy abstraction. It's one of their most successful offerings to date, striking a balance between emotional moods and showy technical complexity. Despite there being a lot of movement most of the time, it harbours a skilful restraint rather than an aggressive onslaught.
Buoyed by Nick Wales' expansive and thoughtful musical score that scopes cello, percussion and electronica and collaboration from the 16-strong ensemble, it's stylistically cohesive and incredibly sleek.
Importantly, it also offers all of the impeccable dancers a chance to showcase their top-notch technique and command of choreography that shifts dynamically on the turn of a foot or the ripple of an arm.
ab [intra] overflows with seemingly unending movement sequences and options, group patterns and individual counterpoints — it's a busy work. Yet for such a barrage of material, the production is surprisingly textured and nuanced, due in no small part to the ensemble's ability to modulate and distinguish theatrical tones. There's contrast between angular and curvaceous shapes, floor positions that look almost yogic and sweeping, intertwined duets.
Opening with a foggy haze and sticking to a relatively open stage after that (with occasional accents from a line of tiny light bulbs or a descending upstage scrim), the lighting (by Damien Cooper) highlights the intrinsic and raw sides of Bonachela's movement. The restrained set means that the fleshy bodies, in stylish nude briefs or tailored black trousers, are the real stars here.
The unique and capable dancers (several fairly new to the company) take the choreography and really inhabit it as their own. Perhaps it was their role in the creative process that makes them so invested and committed to the unrelenting drive and ever-shifting impetuses of ab [intra].
They don't let Bonachela down and are crucial to making this one of the strongest seasons for SDC in recent years.
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South.
The first round of voting began early Wednesday. A second round of voting was set for Wednesday afternoon to accommodate all the employees.
If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult.
But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages.
“It is an economic development tool,” Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how they sold companies on why they should come to the state. “We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina.”
At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation — just about 52,000, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures — most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said.
“Boeing is very, very different,” Hirsch said. “No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union.”
A “yes” vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. “Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development … of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing.”
What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers.
“The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization,” they said. “It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether.”
Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents.
“Costs are out of control,” Trump tweeted in early December. “Cancel order!”
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later.
“Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States,” Cornfield said, “it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period.”
Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying they needed their help to “fight the unions” at Boeing.
“They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it,” Templeton said.
On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote “yes” on Wednesday.
“Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina,” Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. “It's not going to be this way anymore.”
(2nd UPDATE) Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a powerful jihadist-dominated alliance, says it shot down the plane on an affiliated media channel but made no mention of the pilot
Published 11:40 PM, February 03, 2018
BEIRUT, Lebanon (2nd UPDATE) – A Russian pilot was killed Saturday, February 3, in fighting with Islamists after their warplane was downed over northwest Syria, Russia's defense ministry and a monitor said.
Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), a powerful jihadist-dominated alliance, said it had shot down the plane on an affiliated media channel but made no mention of the pilot.
"We were able to bring down the Russian warplane with a shoulder-fired missile above Saraqib in Idlib this afternoon," said Mahmoud al-Turkmani, who according to the statement heads HTS's "air defense brigade."
They said the attack was in retaliation for a ferocious bombing campaign by Russian warplanes over Idlib.
HTS, which is dominated by Al-Qaeda's former affiliate, controls Idlib and has sought to fight back a ferocious Russian-backed assault by Syrian government troops.
An Agence France-Presse correspondent who arrived at the crash site on Saturday saw what appeared to be the charred remains of the plane, including a wing with a red star still visible.
Firefighters arrived to put out flames that had been spewing dark smoke into the wintry Syrian sky.
The Russian defense ministry confirmed the Su-25 aircraft was shot down over Idlib province and said the pilot was killed "in fighting against terrorists."
'Killed fighting'
"A Russian Su-25 aircraft crashed during a flight over the Idlib de-escalation zone. The pilot had enough time to announce they had ejected into the zone," the defense ministry said.
"The pilot was killed in fighting against terrorists," it said, quoted by Russian agencies.
It added that "according to preliminary reports, the plane was shot down by a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the jet was downed near the town of Saraqib in Idlib and the pilot parachuted to the ground.
They were killed clashing with rebels as they tried to take them hostage, said the Britain-based Observatory.
"There have been dozens of Russian air strikes in the area over the past 24 hours. This plane was also carrying out raids there," said Abdel Rahman.
Syria's uprising broke out in 2011 with protests against Assad's rule but has since morphed into a complex war drawing in global powers.
Moscow began conducting air strikes in Syria in September 2015, and its intervention has swung the nearly seven-year conflict firmly in the favor of its ally in Damascus.
Opposition factions have shot Syrian regime planes in the past, but the downing of Russian aircraft is much rarer.
Turkey shot down a Russian warplane in November 2015, leading to the worst crisis in ties between the two countries since the end of the Cold War
And in August 2016, a Russian military helicopter was shot down over Syria and all five people on board were killed.
Deadly fire on Turkish tank
Russia has been spearheading a more than year-long diplomatic push to try to freeze fighting in coordination with fellow regime ally Iran and rebel backer Turkey.
Ankara has supported an array of rebel groups to fight Syria's government, the Islamic State jihadist group, and Kurdish militia that it has blacklisted as "terrorists."
On January 20, Turkey and allied rebel fighters began an offensive on the Syrian enclave of Afrin, held by the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG).
Seven Turkish soldiers were killed on Saturday as part of the assault, including five who died in a single attack on a tank, the Turkish army said.
The losses mark the highest toll in a single day for the Turkish army in operation "Olive Branch."
The Observatory has also counted 104 allied rebels and 102 YPG fighters killed since the offensive began, as well as 68 civilians.
Ankara has denied targeting civilians as part of its Afrin offensive.
Mourners on Saturday gathered in Afrin to commemorate victims of the operation, including female fighter Barin Kobani whose badly mutilated body appeared in a shocking video earlier this week.
The footage sparked accusations by their family and Kurdish officials that they were "defiled" by Turkish-backed rebels.
The opposition's government-in-exile said Saturday it had opened an investigation into the matter.
Thousands of people protested on Saturday in France against operation "Olive Branch," gathering in Strasbourg and Paris to condemn the assault.
They held posters that read "Defend Afrin" and "Erdoğan assassin," in reference to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. – Rappler.com
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- More than two dozen Syrian rebels on Saturday were killed by Russian cruise-missile attacks after Syrian rebels downed a Russian fighter jet.
The pilot of the Russian Su-25 fighter jet had ejected and landed safely but was later killed by terrorists, according to the Russian Defense Ministry.
Russia's retaliation of the Syrian attack used precision-guided weapons in a strike that killed more than 30 militants where the plane was downed in the northwest province of Idlib, according to reports.
The incident comes as Syrian government forces, with support by Russian air and Iranian arms, have intensified their offensive into the province, which is one of the last rebel-held strongholds in Syria and host to several al-Qaeda-affiliated Islamist groups.
Russian and Syrian airstrikes have raised doubts about the future of Idlib, which has been firmly under the control of Islamist rebels since mid-2015. Most prominent among them is Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a coalition of jihadist groups headed by Jabhat al-Nusra, now known as Fateh al-Sham.
Valery Gerasimov, the commander of Russian forces in Syria, called for Tahrir al-Sham's "elimination," saying that would be their top priority in 2018.
Board of Directors of Commercial Real Estate Co. approved financial results of year ended on December 31, 2016 and recommended the distribution of 5% cash dividends.
First look: South Carolina first-year student QB Dakereon Joyner Quarterback Dakereon Joyner signed with the South Carolina football team out of Fort Dorchester High in North Charleston, SC. Dwayne McLemore dmclemore@thestate.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Quarterback Dakereon Joyner signed with the South Carolina football team out of Fort Dorchester High in North Charleston, SC. Dwayne McLemore dmclemore@thestate.com
MILAN, Ohio (AP) - The Ohio hometown of Thomas Edison now has two statues honoring the inventor.
A new statue sits in the town square of Milan (MY'-lan), where Edison spent the first seven years of their life.
It was made by Ohio sculptor Alan Cottrill and is similar to another Edison statue Cottrill created and is now displayed at the U.S. Capitol.
The new statue in Milan shows Edison holding a light bulb in one hand and a phonograph in the other.
The Sandusky Register reports a large crowd showed up for the unveiling on Monday.
There's a second statue of Edison in the town square that depicts them as a child with their mother.
___
Information from: Sandusky Register, http://www.sanduskyregister.com/cgi-bin/liveique.acgi$sch=frontpage?frontpage
The MoCA 2.0 specification is six years but there still aren't many consumer devices making use of this "Multimedia over Coax Alliance" standard nor the newer MoCA 2.5 standard. But in looking for alternatives to Ethernet over powerline when expanding my network, I ended up setting a MoCA 2.0 system while running some Linux performance benchmarks along the way.
For those unaware of MoCA, it's an industry standard for allowing multimedia/Ethernet over traditional coax cable wiring. MoCA 2.0 has been around since 2010 and its basic standard allows for 400 Mbps throughput (or 800 Mbps throughput for bonded devices), a one in 100M packet error rate, sleep and low power modes, and uses 500~1650MHz for the operating frequency on coax cable. You can build your own network over the existing cable TV / coax wiring in your house and it's more reliable and faster than powerline Ethernet.
There remain few MoCA 2.0 devices on the market with among the few being from Actiontec. The Actiontec ECB6000 is a standard MoCA 2.0 device while the ECB6200 is a bonded MoCA 2.0 device for faster connectivity and also has a pass-through port on the device for still allowing a TV or other device to be connected. With each of these MoCA 2.0 devices you can connect a PC/router/device to them to expand your "wired" network via the coax cable in your house.
For adequate wireless coverage and offloading some of the wireless connectivity of my Nest smoke detectors, security cameras, and other WiFi-based IoT devices I had been using a wireless adapter connected to a secondary 802.11ac WiFi router. Though that's fairly slow especially with recently having connected the HD Nest Cam Outdoor. While having some older Ethernet powerline adapters, they are awfully slow, rather unreliable, and a hassle with for instance not being able to connect the Ethernet powerline adapter into a surge protector. Thus I decided to finally pick up some Actiontec MoCA 2.0 adapters for expanding my network.
This was my first time dealing with MoCA adapters and it worked out well and actually exceeded my expectations. I have coaxed wiring in almost every room but it's gone unused except for one cable modem and then just making use of PlayStation Vue on my Fire TV Sticks / Roku devices for viewing on each of the TVs... So with MoCA 2.0 they are finally being used and actually these Actiontec adapters worked out fine. My "front office" is connected to the benchmark basement server room using CAT6 and is all hard-wired thanks to doing all of that, but dropping new Ethernet lines throughout the rest of the house isn't an option for being practical or affordable.
I ended up going for two double packs of the Actiontec ECB6000 over the bonded ECB6200 model. While the bonded model is faster, it's $20 more for a two pack and the speed difference isn't particularly of a big concern since it's just serving as a secondary network and not running any major performance-sensitive workloads. A two pack of the ECB6000K02 will set you back $129 USD. These adapters are a bit on the expensive side and not really having a selection of devices to choose from, but they get the job done and are better options than alternatives.
When setting up this MoCA network I used a MoCA POE filter for ensuring the signal doesn't leak outside of my house to any neighbors. Aside from that protection, no other equipment was necessary. There are various MoCA coax splitters being retailed that advertise up to 1675MHz compatibility, but that didn't end up beiung needed, at least in my case. With a traditional cable TV splitter that only advertises a frequency up to 1002MHz, it ended up working fine for me so while I had ordered a MoCA splitter -- and to find the ECB6000 does include a three-way splitter with the box, it wasn't needed.
I've been running the Actiontec MoCA 2.0 adapters for a few days now without any problems. It's a lot more reliable than when I used the powerline Ethernet adapters, a lot faster for the secondary router than connecting it via a wireless access point to the primary router, etc. Happy with the purchase. I do wonder whether it would have been a smarter investment going for the bonded MoCA 2.0 model (the 6200), but the speed anyhow is working out fine for my particular setup.
Benchmark data up next.
(Photo Credit: Thinkstock)
A study coming out of Eastern Kentucky University found that U.S. industry loses around $300 billion a year to lost productivity, recruitment and extra healthcare costs. However, founders can lower those costs with the implementation of certain fitness initiatives. Here are five outcome-based wellness programs that Detroit-based small business owners can institute to help keep their employees as healthy as possible.
Off-site wellness adventures
This Mashable article details an atypical, but effective wellness program utilized by online shoe retailer Zappos. It involves a wellness coordinator gathering a group of team members together and taking them off-site for unconventional physical activities, such as laser tag sessions or indoor rock climbing. Not only will these adventures get your team some much needed-exercise, but it will also allow them to do so in a way that doesn't feel like work.
Daily stretch breaks
According to a recent survey, 86 percent of the American workforce spends the majority of their day sitting. Unfortunately, excessive sitting can raise a person's risk factor for contracting serious illnesses like heart disease, obesity and colon cancer. To address this problem, you should make sure all of your workers get up from their desks stretch out and walk around the office every few hours.
Healthy snacks
A 2015 study found that 50 percent of U.S. workers snack two to three times a day. That means a couple of those snack sessions happen at work where single serving size candies, chips and sugary sodas are typically available. As an employer, you can move your employees' diets in a more healthful direction simply by making healthy snacks like granola, kale chips, nuts and bottled water available in the break room.
Free yoga sessions
The American Osteopathic Association notes that yoga practitioners enjoy increased cardiovascular health, optimized body mass and improved respiration. Since all of those things can have a positive effect on employee productivity, small business owners should do themselves a favor and offer to pay their teams to take yoga.
Weight loss programs
While some employees may jump at the chance to participate in a health improvement initiative, others will require a little push. For instance, some overweight workers probably want to be healthier, but they are unsure of the particular lifestyle changes they need to make in order to do so. In this instance, you might want to pay for your overweight staffers to join a weight management program. Making such financial investment is a win-win because it will improve your employees' quality of life, while also helping them become more productive employees.
To learn more about affordable healthcare plans for your small business, visit Health Alliance Plan.
For more tips and inspiration for small business owners, visit Small Business Pulse Detroit.
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Ross Stripling is surprising even themselves with the way he's piling up strikeouts lately.
The right-hander had nine more Wednesday night to increase their total to 28 over their last three starts, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2.
Stripling pitched out of the bullpen the first month of the season before joining the Dodgers' rotation April 30. Their place among the Dodgers' starters seems secure now with all those strikeouts and just two earned runs allowed over the last three outings.
"I really never have been a guy that struck out more than one an inning, even in college," said Stripling, who was drafted in the fifth round out of Texas A&M in 2012. "It's kind of a new thing."
They give at least part of the strikeout credit to an adjustment that pitching coach Rick Honeycutt made with their curveball.
"He (said), 'Why don't you just throw it as hard as you can," said Stripling, who admitted they often tried to aim the pitch. "Since then it has been a lot better. It has been consistent in the zone and with two strikes it has been consistent on the plate short, and I feel like my arm action is better."
Stripling (3-1), who gave up a run and four hits, has won each of their last three starts and lowered their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
"Eflin was good they were just having trouble locating and fell behind," Phillies manager Gabe Kapler said. "They have some good hitters over there. Kemp is swinging the bat very well. It's hard to sneak a fastball or a slider by them right now."
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, their seventh, just two batters before Kemp went deep against Eflin. Over their last three starts, Eflin has been unable to get through five innings.
"They took advantage of my bad pitches and they hit some good pitches," Eflin said. "It was just one of those days where I got hit around."
The Dodgers have won five of their last six games against the Phillies at Dodger Stadium, going back to April of last season. Since the start of 2015, the Dodgers have won 10 of 13 against the Phillies in Los Angeles.
Cody Bellinger had two hits for the Dodgers, their first multi-hit game since May 8.
SEIZING THE OPPORTUNITY
Stripling got their chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. Clayton Kershaw (biceps tendinitis), Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then they have not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. They even helped themselves on offense in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just their second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
"That was just kind of a step in the bucket and flair it the other way," Stripling said of their third career hit. "It was cool to get an RBI."
WILLIAMS GOES DEEP AGAIN
Williams' home run that spoiled the Dodgers' potential shutout bid gave them home runs in consecutive games for the first time in their career. It also is helping to distance themselves from a rough end to April when they were in an 0-for-20 dry spell.
Four of Williams' six home runs have come over their last nine games and they have a .741 slugging percentage over that stretch.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Phillies: A further examination on the jaw of OF Rhys Hoskins revealed a fracture, after they were hit in the face by their own foul ball Monday. Hoskins is expected to go on the DL. ... Pedro Florimon, who was placed on the DL with a fracture in their left foot, will need to undergo a surgical procedure, Kapler said.
Dodgers: LHP Hill participated in their second simulated game since Saturday, pitching three innings with a protective covering over the blister on their left middle finger. There remains no timetable for Hill's return. ... A day after leaving their outing in the second inning, RHP Maeda was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a mild hip strain. ... INF Chase Utley also went on the 10-day disabled list with a left thumb sprain.
ROSTER SHUFFLE
With Maeda and Utley each going on the disabled list, the Dodgers recalled RHP Dennis Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster. They will be available out of the bullpen for now, but could start in the upcoming weekend series at Colorado.
The Phillies also added to their roster, recalling infielder Mitch Walding. They replaced Florimon, who fractured their foot in Tuesday's game.
UP NEXT
LHP Kershaw (1-4, 2.86 ERA) is expected to return from the disabled list and start in the series finale. RHP Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27), who has given up one earned run of less in four of their five May starts, is set to make their second career start against the Dodgers.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Justin Verlander and Alex Wilson took their lumps in Cleveland over the weekend — in Wilson's case, quite literally.
Both pitchers recovered with a tried and true remedy: cold beer.
After Wilson was hit in the face by a comebacker in the Tigers' 4-1 win on Sunday, resulting in a welt around their left eye, they told fans not to worry.
Thanks for all the concern but I'm just fine nothin a nice cold beer can't fix before this off day!! #WinTheDamnThing #letsgo #EyeOnTheBall — Alex Wilson (@WillyWilson18) April 16, 2017
Wilson, it should be noted, stayed in the game after the incident, striking out the next two batters to boot.
Alex Wilson takes a ball to the face, stays in and strikes out the next two batters. Do not mess with @WillyWilson18 #CountryStrong — DKTee (@DonKellyTshirts) April 16, 2017
“I never doubted their toughness,” manager Brad Ausmus told reporters. “He's a good old Texas boy.”
Alex Wilson takes one off the face. #tigers pic.twitter.com/Xui3BrPSKp — Evan Jankens (@KINGoftheKC) April 17, 2017
Then there was Verlander, who was rocked on Saturday night to the tune of nine runs in four innings. Afterward, it was speculated that they had been tipping their pitches. Verlander made light of the matter on Monday's off day.
Good form, no doubt about it.
Perhaps Wilson and Verlander are taking their cues from their skipper. When asked last year how they preserved their knees over an 18-year career behind the plate, Ausmus replied, “Light beer.”
#Tigers Brad Ausmus was asked if they had a special training regimen during their playing days to preserve their knees. "Light beer," they replied. — Will Burchfield (@burchie_kid) August 29, 2016
Wilson, though, might take exception to the *light* beer part. What good old Texas boy wouldn't?
Study may contribute to the feasibility of transistors with electrical currents consisting of the passage of one single electron at a time, with applications for future computers.
Transistors capable of functioning with an electrical current consisting of the passage of a single electron at each point in time are on the horizon for research in the field of information technology. By associating the 0/1 binary with electron transit or non-transit, the device can drastically improve space usage and reduce power consumption in future computers. This option is not yet economically feasible, but it already exists in the laboratory.
An experiment with a device of this kind performed in 2015 at ETH Zürich, the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, raised theoretical issues that have now been resolved by a group of researchers comprising Luis Gregório Dias da Silva (University of São Paulo, USP, Brazil), Caio Lewenkopf (Fluminense Federal University, Brazil), Edson Vernek (USP), Gerson Ferreira Júnior (Federal University of Uberlândia, Brazil) and Sergio Ulloa (Ohio University, USA).
A paper by this group, which is supported by the São Paulo Research Foundation - FAPESP, has been published in Physical Review Letters.
"The object studied was a nanometric circuit in which electron transmission from one part to another undergoes quantum effects owing to its very small scale. Among other things, this means the electrons in transit display both properties typical of particles and properties characteristic of waves," said Dias da Silva.
Circuits with merely a quantum dot - a very small region in the range of a few tens of nanometers to which the electrons are confined - have been studied since the 1990s. However, the device in question contains not just a quantum dot but also a cavity - a slightly larger region with a curved edge that functions as a mirror. The electrons leave the quantum dot, rebound from the curved surface of the cavity and are temporarily imprisoned.
In the analyzed nanometric circuit, electrons can transit directly from the source to the drain via the dot, or they can go from the source to the cavity, from which they are reflected, and will then follow a complex path to the drain.
When the cavity is weakly coupled to the dot, the conductance displays a pattern in which there is a peak in conductance values each time an electron passes. When the cavity is strongly coupled, the peaks become troughs.
"The researchers in Switzerland couldn't understand the transition from peaks to troughs, and this was the problem we set out to study and succeeded in solving," Dias da Silva said. "Our theoretical calculations for the two regimes - weak coupling and strong coupling - showed qualitative behaviors corresponding exactly to that observed in the experiment. So, we offer a very natural explanation for what the experiment detected."
The behavior obtained only with the quantum dot (excluding the cavity) can be easily understood based on the concept of energy quantization.
"Given the quantum nature of energy, the energy levels accessible to electrons aren't continuous but discrete," Dias da Silva said. "Variations in electrostatic potential enable these levels to be aligned with the energy of the electron that tries to cross the dot. When alignment occurs, it's as if a door opened in the repelling wall, made up of negative charges, and the electron is highly likely to get through."
The electron's passage leads to a conductance peak, after which the value of conductance falls again due to the electrostatic barrier effect, also known as the Coulomb blockade, named as a tribute to French physicist Charles-Augustin de Coulomb (1736-1806), a pioneering researcher in electrostatics.
"Because energy is quantized, the variation in potential enables other alignments to be obtained and other doors to be opened," Dias da Silva said. "The admeasurement of variation in conductance as a function of variation in potential therefore shows a succession of peaks separated by troughs. Each peak corresponds to the tunneling of an electron through the barrier."
The situation is more complicated when the cavity is included, as besides occurring with the opening of doors, an interference effect also occurs due to the wave-like behavior of an electron. All things considered, the phenomenon is similar to what happens when mechanical waves propagate across the surface of the water in a swimming pool: There is interference between incoming and outgoing waves, with constructive or destructive effects.
"The wave from the electron that rebounds from the surface of the cavity interferes with the wave from the electron that travels from the quantum dot to the drain. The interference can be constructive or destructive. Destructive interference produces the troughs in the values of conductance of the circuit. Our paper shows this consistently," Dias da Silva said.
"The study embodies a theoretical step forward by extending the scope of application of the mathematical expression available previously, known as the Meir-Wingreen formula, to calculate electrical conductance in quantum systems. This equation, first established in 1992 by physicists Yigal Meir and Ned Wingreen, was applied only to the simplest situation involving a system without a cavity. The introduction of a cavity greatly increases the number of possible transitions from source to drain. We extend or generalize the Meir-Wingreen formula so as to cover more complex instances of the phenomenon. This generalization enables us to theoretically explain the experimental results obtained by the Swiss group."
Low temperatures and commercial use
Dias da Silva highlighted the technology used by the group at ETH Zürich to make the device. "They've perfected lithographic techniques to the point where they can define structures with a few nanometers of precision," they said. "Moreover, they make the contacts work. The key element in the circuit is the cavity, which is about 1 micron in length, or roughly one-hundredth the diameter of a human hair. In addition, the sample semiconductor [gallium arsenide] on which the structure is built is of first-rate quality."
Everything is done at very low temperatures, i.e., below 4 Kelvin. Such temperatures, obtained by refrigeration with liquid helium, have become standard in experiments of this kind.
"If the temperature is very low, in the range of a few tens of thousandths of a Kelvin, something a little more exotic may happen: I refer to the Kondo effect [first described by Japanese theoretical physicist Jun Kondo], whose signature is increased conductance in some of the troughs," Dias da Silva said.
Operation at very low temperatures is one of the obstacles to the commercial use of the device, but should not prevent its use at the frontier of industrial research. Thus, the study in question, although it is essentially theoretical, is not entirely without potential applications. This question is not a matter of quantum computing, but of leveraging quantum effects in the context of classical circuits.
"Classical circuits, which have various technological applications in day-to-day devices, are relatively complicated, but the laws that enable us to calculate currents in each part of the circuit are well-known and easy to apply. In the case of circuits in which quantum mechanics predominates, much investigation still needs to be done to find out how currents behave. These circuits will mainly be applied in electronics, but we still have much to learn in terms of basic physics," Dias da Silva said.
###
About São Paulo Research Foundation (FAPESP)
KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) — A Kansas-based operator of addiction treatment centers will pay $25,000 to settle a complaint that it treated its clients with HIV or AIDs differently than other patients.
U.S. Attorney Tom Beall announced Friday the policies of Valley Hope Association in Norton violated the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The company was accused of requiring people with HIV or AIDS to stay in separate rooms during residential treatment unless they revealed their status to potential roommates. The clients also were not allowed to participate in some work activities.
Valley Hope Association operates 16 addiction treatment centers in seven states.
The company will be required to adopt a non-discrimination policy and to provide mandatory annual training to its employees and contractors.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HONOLULU (AP) — The ex-Hawaii employee who sent a false missile alert last month says he's devastated about causing panic, but they believed it was a real attack at the time.
The man in their 50s spoke to reporters Friday on the condition they not be identified because they fear for their safety after receiving threats.
They say the on-duty call they received on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
They said it felt like they had been hit with a "body blow" when they realized it was just a drill and they have had difficulty eating and sleeping since.
The agency fired him.
FILE - In this Aug. 30, 2016, file photo, author James Patterson poses for a portrait in New York. The best-selling author has increased their annual donations for classroom libraries from $1.75 million to $2 million. Scholastic Inc. told The Associated Press on Monday, March 19, 2018, that Patterson is distributing 4,000 gifts of $500 each to teachers around the country. (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP, File)
FILE - In this Aug. 30, 2016, file photo, author James Patterson poses for a portrait in New York. The best-selling author has increased their annual donations for classroom libraries from $1.75 million to $2 million. Scholastic Inc. told The Associated Press on Monday, March 19, 2018, that Patterson is distributing 4,000 gifts of $500 each to teachers around the country. (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - James Patterson is stepping up their game.
The best-selling author has increased their annual donations for classroom libraries from $1.75 million to $2 million. Scholastic Inc. told The Associated Press on Monday that Patterson is distributing 4,000 gifts of $500 each to teachers around the country, from Mechanic Falls, Maine, to Cheney, Kansas. The so-called "Patterson Pledge" was launched in 2015 and is run in coordination with Scholastic Book Clubs, which adds book club points to Patterson's contribution. More than 80,000 teachers applied for donations.
"I can't underscore enough how important books and reading are to a child's development - better readers make better people, and ultimately better citizens," Patterson said in a statement. "I'm so grateful for the teachers who are doing imperative work with students every day, in every school in the country. These grants are my way of acknowledging their extraordinary efforts."
"Teachers often have to find their own funds and use their personal money to buy books and build fresh classroom libraries. This is why we at Scholastic Book Clubs are truly inspired by James Patterson's commitment to offer real help to teachers in this work," Judy Newman, president of Scholastic Book Clubs, said in a statement.
Over the past few years, Patterson has also given millions of dollars to bookstores and literacy programs and endowed thousands of college scholarships for teachers.
By John Krinjak
Email: jkrinjak@abc6.com
Twitter: @johnkrinjakABC6
RICHMOND, R.I. (WLNE) -- A chart-topping rock band is reaching out to help lift the spirits of the Chariho High School girls soccer team, after the sudden passing of their captain.
Maddie Potts died two weeks ago after collapsing on the soccer field from a brain aneurysm--her teammates struggling to come to terms with the loss.
But Friday their mom paid a visit to the school to announce a big surprise for the girls from a big-name rock band, Imagine Dragons.
In the Chariho High School parking lot, Maddie Potts' parking spot--space 11, just like their jersey number--has become a permanent memorial to the soccer star.
"Every single girls soccer player had a hand in it, and I think it was nice to get together after the loss and do something for Maddie," said soccer coach Brittney Godbout.
"It's comforting, in an odd sense. people come down here, people have been sitting and doing their homework. I've been coming down here every day. It's peaceful," said Maddie's mom Stephanie Potts.
Only fitting that this is where the team stood as Maddie's mom announced a big surprise, that all began with a tweet to a rock band.
"Maddie has always been a huge imagine dragons fan," said Stephanie Potts.
Stephanie told the band their songs were a big part of the soccer team's warmup playlist, and that Maddie had always wanted to see them live.
Stephanie tweeted she'd love to take the team to see the band at Mohegan Sun next month.
To their surprise, Imagine Dragons responded saying "we will make something happen."
Then, the venue stepped up with another surprise.
"Mohegan Sun called me this afternoon and said they are donating an entire skybox to the team for the concert November 4th," Stephanie Potts told the team Friday afternoon.
"Kind of insane, really cool, everyone is really excited. We weren't expecting it," said team co-captain Rachel Erkan.
And as the team shares that skybox in Maddie's memory, they'll know somewhere number 11 is singing along.
"It's huge-to turn something positive into it, and to give these girls even more memories of what Maddie represented. If they could have done it, they would have taken the whole team herself," said Stephanie Potts.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
JOHANNESBURG - The Department of Mineral Resources yesterday laid bare Tegeta Exploration and Resources' non-compliance with mining regulations and safety measures at its coal and uranium mines in Mpumalanga and North West.
In a presentation to Parliament's portfolio committee on mineral resources, the department detailed Tegeta's compliance track record at Brakfontein, Koornfontein, Optimum and Shiva Uranium mines.
Non-compliance in relation to infrastructure and operational equipment included extremely corroded steelwork, poor maintenance of lifting equipment such as tower cranes and a poor state of pressure vessels.
As a result of some of the transgressions, the department issued so-called Section 54 instructions.
In terms of Section 54 of the Health and Safety Act, the department can halt mining operations if health and safety is at risk.
The department said there was a total of 40 injuries at Tegeta's mines and the majority of these were at Optimum. Shiva Uranium also failed to comply with social and labour plans which were submitted and approved in 2010 and 2016.
The department said it conducted an inspection in January this year and discovered non-compliance with social and labour plans.
It said after a subsequent inspection in March this year, the department issued a Section 93 notice.
Section 93 of the Mineral and Petroleum Resources Development Act (MPRDA) empowers the department to enforce compliance ordering mines to cease or suspend operations.
The department said it conducted social and labour plans inspections at Tegeta's Optimum, Koornfontein and Brakfontein mines in Mpumalanga.
The department found the mines wanting in a number of elements of the social and labour plans such as human resource development, housing and living conditions and mine community development.
The department said Optimum employees were never trained since Tegeta took over Optimum from mining company Glencore in 2016.
The mine also failed to implement learnerships.
“A training budget of R11m was approved for 2017/18 but same was diverted at the instance of chief executive officer,” the department said.
It said Optimum also failed to facilitate home ownership for employees and could not account for employees' current dwellings.
The department found similar transgressions at Koornfontein Mine near Hendrina in Mpumalanga.
It said the mine had not improved the living conditions of employees. It said there was also no information about employee dwellings at the Brakfontein Colliery in Delmas, Mpumalanga.
“The company offers employees R300 a month as a living-out allowance. There is a total disregard of social and labour plan by the company,” the department said.
-BUSINESS REPORT
The logo of Burberry outlet store is seen in Paris, France, March 10, 2016. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
FILE PHOTO: An atomiser is seen on a Burberry Brit Rhythm glass bottle displayed at a perfume shop in Paris, November 15, 2013. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo
LONDON British luxury brand Burberry (BRBY.L) has agreed to license its fragrances and cosmetics business to Coty (COTY.N) for $162 million (129.78 million pounds), plus a $63 million (50.47 million pounds) payment for inventory, in a deal that will help it develop new products and give it the benefit of the U.S. group's extensive distribution network.
Best known for its British-made trenchcoats, Burberry's beauty range is led by fragrances My Burberry and Mr Burberry, and includes cosmetics to help introduce its brand to new consumers.
The company, which took the perfume business back in house in 2013, said it would retain creative control while Coty, which counts Gucci, Hugo Boss and Calvin Klein in its portfolio, would bring its global distribution network to the table.
Chief Financial Officer Julie Brown said Burberry had repositioned the business by cutting secondary-channel sales, and it was now time to team up to develop it further.
"Coty has very broad experience of working closely with other luxury brands," they said in an interview. "We will benefit from their deep beauty industry expertise and also their first-class distribution."
Coty will pay 130 million pounds ($163 million) for the long-term licence, plus about 50 million pounds for inventory and other assets, Burberry said. It will also pay royalties from October.
Beauty contributed 7 percent of Burberry's revenue in the first half of its 2016/17 financial year, down 17 percent on the prior period, partly as a result of the repositioning.
It launched men's fragrance Mr Burberry a year ago and young British model Iris Law has promoted its cosmetics.
Chief Operating Officer John Smith said there was an opportunity to increase cosmetics sales, which currently account for about 8 percent of beauty sales against an industry average of a third.
"Make-up is a key recruitment tool for a luxury brand, in that the price points are a lot lower than any other product," they said. "As a means of recruiting people into the brand, it's perfect."
Shares in Burberry were trading up 1 percent at 1,739 pence at 1306 GMT.
Analysts at Exane BNP Paribas said they welcomed the decision to find a partner to develop the beauty business.
"In fact, we never liked the idea of Burberry managing its beauty business directly, as beauty is an FMCG (fast moving consumer goods) business where you win on the back of global reach," they said.
Burberry said the deal would be broadly neutral to adjusted profit before tax in 2017/18 and accretive the following year.
(Additional reporting by Kate Holton; Editing by Susan Thomas, Greg Mahlich)
Fans are now calling for a Roseanne spinoff series following Roseanne Barr‘s racist Twitter spree that prompted ABC to pull the plug on the popular sitcom.
Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shared a viral fan-made poster of Laurie Metfcalf starring in their own spinoff, Jackie, titled after their Roseanne character Jackie Harris. “You watched it for them anyway,” the fake poster read.
“Haha YES! #ilovelauriemetcalf,” Parsons captioned the mocked-up artwork about their BBT costar, who played their mother Mary Cooper.
Meanwhile, Mindy Kaling gave a shout-out to Metcalf and John Goodman, who played Roseanne's husband Dan Conner, on Twitter, writing, “Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman let me write things for you.”
Lena Dunham also reiterated the same sentiments in their response to Kaling. “I will do the spin off of your show starring Darlene's cool kids,” the Girls creator tweeted.
RELATED: ABC Could Owe RoseanneStars Millions of Dollars After Canceling Show: Report
Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman let me write things for you — Mindy Kaling (@mindykaling) May 30, 2018
I will do the spin off of your show starring Darlene's cool kids https://t.co/5A2129BTl0 — 💎 Lena Dunham 💎 (@lenadunham) May 30, 2018
Another fan-made poster reimagined a spinoff show, titled The Conners, which replaced Barr on the cast couch photo with an urn. “You'll never miss them … They don't.”
“ABC should change the name of the show from ‘Roseanne' to ‘The Conner Family' and kill off Roseanne Conner. John Goodman, Laurie Metcalf, Sara Gilbert and the others can continue without her,” wrote another Twitter user.
On Monday, Barr shared a since-deleted attack on former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett, who is black, comparing them to an ape. “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = VJ,” they wrote.
ABC canceled Roseanne Tuesday.
RELATED: President Trump Breaks Silence on RoseanneCancellation — and Claims ABC Owes Him an Apology
I'd watch an @ABCNetwork show called #TheConners The torch had already been passed to Darlene / @TheSaraGilbert Dan copes with the loss of Roseanne Jackie moves in to help — Brett Gursky (@BrettGursky) May 29, 2018
Disney should fire Roseanne and give us an awesome sitcom starring John Goodman & Laurie Metcalf written by @iamwandasykes — Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) May 29, 2018
Pitch for a new show — Dan, starring John Goodman as an affable newly single dad trying to figure out a new life path — afrobella (@afrobella) May 29, 2018
That sound you hear is every showrunner in town frantically rewriting their pilot scripts for John Goodman and Laurie Metcalf. — Jeremy Slater (@jerslater) May 29, 2018
ABC should change the name of the show from "Roseanne" to "The Conner Family" and kill off Roseanne Conner. John Goodman, Laurie Metcalf, Sara Gilbert and the others can continue without them https://t.co/xcjKvapunH — Marc Berman (@marcberman) May 29, 2018
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Jarrett weighed in on the shocking language for the first time during an MSNBC town hall called “Everyday Racism in America” that aired shortly after Barr's tweet.
In a series of confusing tweets, Barr claimed they didn't know Jarrett is black.
“I thought they were Saudi,” they tweeted.
But hours later, they tweeted a contradictory statement. “I honestly thought they were Jewish and Persian,” they said. “Ignorant of me for sure, but… I did.”
Barr later responded to a fan speculating that Barr didn't know Jarrett is black, claiming they indeed “didn't know” before tweeting: “I mistakenly thought they were white.”
A source told PEOPLE on Wednesday that Barr is “in deep darkness and is very remorseful” though they attributed the racist Twitter spree to their use of sleep medication Ambien.
“Being a comedian, they write stuff they think is funny, but it's always misunderstood. She's not intentionally hurtful,” the source said. “They all loved each other on the Roseanne set. It really was one big happy family.”
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI)- The family of fallen Terre Haute officer, Rob Pitts, recently received a surprise message of support. Pitts served with the police department for 16 years. They were shot and killed in the line of duty in May.
The family received a letter from President Donald Trump. The letter highlights Pitt's bravery and their sacrifice.
It's been almost two months since Greg Pitts lost their little brother. "He was my best friend," they said.
Greg says they have some words that they would say if they saw their brother one last time.
"I was proud of him," Greg Pitts said. "And, I miss him."
LINK | FIVE-YEAR-OLD DAKOTA PITTS RETURNS TO SCHOOL, 70 OFFICERS ON HAND TO WELCOME HIM
A special message was sent to a grieving family and the community. President Donald Trump sent a letter to Pitt's family. It was sent to the Terre Haute Police Department.
"It came in a manila envelope. The return address was the White House," Ryan Adamson, a Terre Haute police officer said.
At the bottom of the letter is both President Trump and Melania Trump's signatures. The president of the United States wished to express their condolences over the death of a lost brother, father, son, and most importantly, a hero.
"It meant a lot," Gregg Pitts said. "It was kind of a sense of pride that they would reach out and to take the time to do this for us {Pitt's family."
LINK | FULL VIDEO: THE SERVICES FOR OFFICER ROB PITTS
A fellow officer is gone but never forgotten.
"For them to take the time and even sign the letter, it means something," Adamson said. "It means something to the Terre Haute Police Department and it means something to the men and women in law enforcement. More importantly, it means something to the Pitt's family."
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Senior Supreme Court lawyer Rajeev Dhavan on Monday gave up court practice as they were upset over a 'humilitating' exchange in the court between them and Chief Justice of India (CJI) Dipak Misra.
This exchange happened during a hearing on the Delhi Government vs the Centre statehood case.
Dhawan wrote to CJI Misra: "After a humiliating end to the Delhi case, I have decided to give up court practice."
"You are entitled to take back the Senior Gown conferred on me, though I would like to keep it for memory and services rendered," the letter added.
The case relates to the power tussle between the Kejriwal-led state government and the Delhi Lieutenant General, a union government appointee and Dhavan was one of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government's counsels. On December 6, Dhavan wanted to make verbal submissions, which CJI Misra allowed, but asked them to not repeat the points made by lead counsel Gopal Subramanium. Reportedly, CJI Misra then objected to a submission they thought Dhavan had made earlier and snapped at the senior advocate. (ANI)
Nic Demski is proving to be a quick learner.
Although their time on the field during Winnipeg Blue Bombers training camp has been limited because of a nagging injury, that hasn't prevented the non-import receiver from getting a handle on the new playbook and getting to know where they might fit in after signing as a free agent with their hometown team in February.
“It was a little hiccup, but I'm back to running out here. I feel good and I feel full speed,” said Demski, who spent the first three years of their CFL career with the Saskatchewan Roughriders. “The adjustment has been really good. I've had the playbook for a couple of months now and I've been studying that. I'm out here trying to get better and trying to make plays. I think I can use my versatility to every strength in this offence.”
While many veterans don't get overly excited about pre-season games, it's different for Demski, who is eager to suit up on Friday against the Edmonton Eskimos.
“Of course I've thought about it. I've thought about it every day and I've been imagining what it would be like to run through this tunnel,” said Demski, who played at Investors Group Field during their time with the University of Manitoba Bisons. “I have three years under my belt, but at the same time, this is my first year under a new offence, with a new team and a new organization. I want to get settled in and get as comfortable as I can, so that when Week 1 rolls around, I'm ready to go.”
Demski figures to give Blue Bombers quarterback Matt Nichols another weapon in an already explosive offence.
“Everybody knows how athletic Nic is,” said Blue Bombers head coach Mike O'Shea. “He's fast, he's strong, he's shifty, he's got all of the tools. He's proven that they can easily learn the playbook and has great command over that, they understand where he's supposed to be and when he's supposed to be there and knows how to do it.”
kwiebe@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/WiebeSunSports
Writing at The Intercept, Glenn Greenwald deconstructs the latest fake news story from the mainstream media about Russian hackers attacking the United States:
The Washington Post on Friday reported a genuinely alarming event: Russian hackers have penetrated the U.S. power system through an electrical grid in Vermont.
…
What's the problem here? It did not happen.
There was no “penetration of the U.S. electricity grid.” The truth was undramatic and banal. Burlington Electric, after receiving a Homeland Security notice sent to all U.S. utility companies about the malware code found in the DNC system, searched all its computers and found the code in a single laptop that was not connected to the electric grid.
Quebec police arrested 63 people from 20 difference municipalities in Quebec and New Brunswick on Tuesday in connection with a drug ring allegedly controlled by the Hells Angels.
The operation, dubbed Project Objection, “dismantled three of the biggest drug trafficking networks in Quebec,” said Insp. Guy Lapointe, a Sûreté du Quebec spokesperson. “They were controlled by three chapters of the Hells Angels: Montreal, South and Trois-Rivières.”
Lapointe said a total of 79 people are facing charges in the drug bust that was led by the Escouade nationale de répression contre le crime organisé (ENRCO). Lapointe said the 16 remaining individuals who were not arrested Tuesday have been spoken to by police on the phone, or are fugitives.
The bust led to police seizing 21 kilograms of cocaine, more than $2 million, bulletproof vests and 34 firearms.
The operation also brought Quebec police near the Ontario border, a province the Hells Angels have tentacles in, Lapointe said.
Ensnared in the bust was Michel (Sky) Langlois, 71, a founding member of the Hells Angels' Montreal chapter, who is alleged to have run a drug trafficking network in the Outaouais. Lapointe said that Langlois is the owner of a maple syrup farm in the Outaouais region, which is where they were arrested Tuesday.
Langlois is charged with committing a crime for the profit of a criminal organization (or gangsterism), and charges related to trafficking in cocaine, marijuana and methamphetamine.
At a press conference Tuesday, Lapointe emphasized that the Hells Angels maintain a drug distribution monopoly by instilling a regime of fear and “wouldn't hesitate to use violence to enforce their message.”
Another man, Louis Matte, 52, was charged with trafficking cocaine and methamphetamine. Lapointe said that Matte is alleged to have trafficked drugs in eastern Ontario.
Projet Objection : cette vaste enquête a permis d'établir que les chapitres des Hells Angels de Trois-Rivières, South et Montréal se partageaient des territoires qui couvrent les régions de l'Outaouais et du Saguenay, en passant par Lanaudière. pic.twitter.com/ztxx942gq9 — Sûreté du Québec (@sureteduquebec) April 24, 2018
Police also raided the Hells Angels' South Chapter clubhouse, something that hadn't been done in nearly a decade.
“This isn't an investigation solely done by the Sûreté du Quebec,” said Lapointe. “Our model here is really partnership. Many police forces are involved and that's what makes our recipe something that works against organized crime.”
Project Objection and four other investigations into drug trafficking, involving around 300 officers, began in June 2017, and Lapointe said that they aren't ruling out the possibly of further charges or arrests in the future.
With files from Paul Cherry, Montreal Gazette
FORD COUNTY – One person was injured in a 3-vehicle accident just after 4p.m. on Tuesday in Ford County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2016 Dodge Ram pickup driven by Jessee Stickell, 51, Pottsville, PA., was northbound on U.S. 56 just south of U.S. 400.
As the pickup approached the intersection at Lariat Way, a 2001 Cadillac DeVille driven by Jose G. Soto-Gonzalez, 30, Dodge City, attempted to cross U.S. 56 from Lariat Way.
The Dodge collided with the Cadillac and rolled into the northeast ditch. The Cadillac spun around and hit a USD 443 school bus driven by Wade S. Hampton, 64, Dodge City, that was stopped on Lariat Way headed west bound on U.S. 56.
Stickel was transported to Western Plains Medical Center.
Soto-Gonzalez, Hampton and 9 children on the school bus were not injured.
The drivers were properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
SALINAS, Calif. (AP) - A jury in Northern California convicted a 20-year-old man of torturing, starving and beating two children whose bodies were found in a storage unit.
The jury on Monday found Gustavo Curiel guilty in the 2015 killings of a 7-year-old boy and their 3-year-old sister. They also convicted them of torturing their older sister in their Salinas apartment, KSBW-TV reported.
Curiel's former girlfriend and the children's relative, Tami Huntsman, 42, pleaded guilty in February to two counts of murder. Huntsman had agreed to care for the three children after their mother was killed in a car accident and their father - who is related to Huntsman - was sent to prison.
An officer found the oldest child, then 9, with bruises and a broken collarbone in the backseat of a locked SUV in December 2015. Officials later located the tiny bodies of their siblings in plastic containers inside a storage unit in Redding, about 300 miles (483 kilometers) north of Salinas.
The child told investigators that Huntsman and Curiel killed their younger siblings on Thanksgiving after they were caught stealing a bagel. The girl, now 12, was the primary witness in Curiel's trial.
They told jurors they and their siblings were stripped naked, sprayed down with cold water, beaten with a shower head, and locked in a tiny bathroom for extended periods of time as punishment.
Curiel was a "sadistic" person who "enjoyed controlling and hurting children," Monterey County Assistant District Attorney Steve Somers said.
Curiel was a minor when the killings occurred. They were tried as an adult, but prosecutors were not able to seek the death penalty under California law. They and Huntsman were scheduled to be sentenced next week.
___
Information from: KSBW-TV.
Another Pa. congressional candidate gets a super PAC, but who is behind it? | Clout
Another Pa. congressional candidate gets a super PAC, but who is behind it? | Clout Apr 24
Democrat Ashley Lunkenheimer, pictured here, just got a boost in their campaign for the U.S. House: A super PAC has started spending money to support them
A second super PAC has jumped into the highly competitive race for Pennsylvania's Fifth Congressional District.
The group, known as “Progress in PA-05,” is backing Democrat Ashley Lunkenheimer. Depending on how much the super PAC spends, it could be a major boost for their campaign.
Lunkenheimer, a former assistant U.S. attorney, is seen as one of the leading candidates in the 10-person Democratic primary for the seat in the Philadelphia suburbs. They received the second-highest number of votes in an endorsement meeting held recently by the Delaware County Democratic Party.
Only one other candidate in the primary, former deputy mayor Rich Lazer, is known to have the support of a super PAC. That committee was launched by John “Johnny Doc” Dougherty, the powerful leader of Philadelphia's electricians union, and is spending $200,000 on TV ads over the next week.
It is unclear who is funding the super PAC for Lunkenheimer. The committee has not disclosed any donations. Its treasurer, Brian Lenzmeier, did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
The super PAC lists its address as a suite in a high-rise building in Washington where the political law firm Sandler Reiff Lamb Rosenstein & Birkenstock is located. A woman who answered the phone at the company said Progress in PA-05 is one of its clients.
Progress in PA-05 has spent more than $18,000 for mailings in support of Lunkenheimer, according to records filed this week with the Federal Election Commission. The group submitted a statement of organization earlier this month.
Super PACs can spend an unlimited amount of money on elections as long as they don't coordinate with political campaigns. A spokesperson for Lunkenheimer declined to provide comment.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Thunder star Russell Westbrook making headlines today after last night's loss to the Denver Nuggets. The Nuggets beat the Thunder on a buzzer-beating 3-point-shot. After the game-ending shot, Westbrook tried to walk off the court when a fan stood in their way, yelling in their face. Russ pushed the fan off as the rest of the team showed up to back them up.
Scroll for more content...
Timmy Kinner wanted revenge for being kicked out of an Idaho apartment complex, police say.
So Kinner attacked a 3-year-old's birthday party at the complex, which houses refugees, and stabbed nine people, including six children, Boise Police Chief William Bones said Sunday.
Kinner has been charged with nine counts of aggravated battery and six counts of injury to a child, Bones said.
Four victims have life-threatening injuries, authorities said. Six are between 3 and 12 years old.
They were "some of the newest members of our community," Bones said, and included refugees from Syria, Iraq and Ethiopia.
Kinner is not a refugee and is from Los Angeles, police said. Police said that an unnamed resident was allowing Kinner to stay there, but asked them to leave because of "his behavior."
"As you can imagine, the witnesses in the apartment complex -- along with the rest of our community -- are reeling from this attack," the police chief said.
"This incident is not a representation of our community, but a single evil individual who attacked people without provocation that we are aware of at this time."
Police said there is no indication the stabbing was a hate crime. The FBI is assisting with the investigation.
"Last night's horrific attack does not represent Boise," Mayor Dave Bieter tweeted. "Please join me in praying for the injured and their families. We must come together to condemn this vile act."
An official from the International Rescue Committee praised Boise for its support of refugees.
"It is heartbreaking that adults and children who fled the horror of war and conflict to find safety in America had to experience violence all over again," Hans Van de Weerd, vice president of US programs, said in a statement.
Victims were in parking lot and apartments
Police responded to a call of a man with a knife at 8:46 p.m. (10:46 p.m. ET) and arrived at the apartment complex four minutes later, Bones said.
"Officers located the suspect almost immediately, took the suspect into custody at gunpoint," they said.
Police found the victims in apartments and the parking lot.
"You can imagine this is a very tight-knit community here in this apartment complex," Bones said Saturday night.
"We haven't had anything involving this amount of victims in a single attack in Boise in the history of the department," they said. "Obviously, it's something you hope never comes to your city."
BISHOPVILLE, S.C. (AP) - A coroner says the seven inmates killed during a South Carolina prison riot earlier this month all bled to death from stab wounds.
Lee County Coroner Larry Logan said Tuesday all the inmates had several stab or cutting wounds inflicted inside Lee Correctional Institution on April 15 and 16.
Authorities say inmates in three wings of the maximum-security prison fought uninterrupted for several hours in a battle over territory and contraband. Inmates reported seeing fellow prisoners slowly die as prison officials tried to gather enough people to restore order.
At least 20 inmates have been killed by other inmates in South Carolina prisons in the past 16 months.
The State Law Enforcement Division continues to investigate the riot. No charges have been filed.
Twenty-two inmates were hurt.
Nonfarm payrolls rose by 2oo,000 in January while the unemployment rate held steady at 4.1 percent, the Labor Department reported Friday.
Economists had expected nonfarm payrolls to grow by 180,000.
The better than expected jobs figures suggest the economy continued to expand in January. Average hourly earnings grew by 0.3 percent for the month, putting wages on pace for an annualized gain of 2.9 percent.
It's a puzzle that has confounded biologists for centuries: the earth's tropical regions are home to an enormous variety of plant and animal species, but as you travel north or south, away from the equator, the level of diversity dwindles.
Scientists don't know why biodiversity tends to concentrate around tropical regions, but they have put forward several hypotheses. One states that higher latitudes cannot support high biodiversity because of a lack of sunlight and heat. Another proposes that increased solar radiation in tropical latitudes could result in higher mutation rates there.
Yet a third points out that the colder ecosystems of earth are younger than their equatorial equivalents. During a period of rapid global cooling called the Eocene-Oligocene boundary, which occurred 34 million years ago, the planet's tropical habitats shrank dramatically toward the equator, while ice sheets grew at the poles. These newer, colder habitats have simply not existed long enough for as many species to accumulate as they have in the tropics, some scientists say.
Attempts to study this puzzle have involved comparing the number of species in several plant and animal groups, such as trees, birds and mammals, across distinct regions of the planet. But tallying species from Borneo to Belgium has yet to deliver concrete answers about why regional differences in diversity exist at all.
A team led by Prof. Evan Economo of the Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) set out to address this discrepancy with ants. While most studies up to now have focused on vertebrates like mammals and birds, ants offer a global, closely related group to examine. "They're found almost everywhere on the planet, they're ecologically dominant, and they are well-documented, at least for an insect group", said Prof. Economo. "This makes them a good example of invertebrates to compare with other vertebrate groups".
In a recent study published in Nature Communications, they and their colleagues painstakingly catalogued the global distribution of all 14,912 ant species. The process took years and involved poring through more than 9000 publications, museum databases and online repositories to define which ant species occur where in the world. Prof. Economo is leading this effort along with Dr. Benoit Guénard, a former postdoc in their lab who is now an assistant professor at the University of Hong Kong.
"Benoit was very determined to get these data together," said Prof. Economo. "He supervised a team of assistants digitizing data from papers during workdays, and spent their own nights, weekends, holidays entering data. It was an obsession, but the job couldn't have gotten done otherwise."
Complementing this mammoth task, the researchers also recreated a phylogeny of all the ant species that maps how current species and their ancestors are related to each other. To do so, they combined all the available genetic data and used computational models to infer a "tree of life" diagram that shows the ancestral relationships between species.
Additional data were gathered from 500 extinct species of ants that had been identified from fossils preserved in amber or compressed in rocks. This allowed the authors to date ancestors of modern tropical and temperate ant species and gain insight into past levels of diversity and the latitudes at which they occurred. (You can check out the data yourself on their website, antmaps.org)
These analyses revealed that the rate at which new species arise is highly variable, but is not higher near the equator. Rather, the paper suggests, tropical areas have had a much longer time to accumulate the diversity we see today, and given enough time, we could expect to see the same happen in other parts of the world.
"This new data from ants can help to test theories about large scale patterns in ecology," said Prof. Economo. Economo and Guénard also want to use it to guide conservation efforts by identifying important areas for insect biodiversity. Says Economo, "We are just now getting a first look at large-scale patterns of insect diversity".
###
A special session will be held in the state Legislature so that lawmakers can reach an agreement on funding for the Honolulu rail project.
A special session will be held in the state Legislature so that lawmakers can reach an agreement on funding for the Honolulu rail project.
More than two months after lawmakers wrapped up the 2017 legislative session without an agreement on how to continue funding the troubled Honolulu rail project, state lawmakers say they'll convene for a special session to debate the issue on August 28.
More than two months after lawmakers wrapped up the 2017 legislative session without an agreement on how to continue funding the troubled Honolulu rail project, state lawmakers say they'll convene for a special session to debate the issue on August 28.
Leadership from both the state House of Representatives and Senate have been meeting over the last several months to discuss the over-time and over-budget Honolulu rail project, but lawmakers now want to hear from the public as they work toward an agreement on financing.
House Speaker Scott Saiki says the main goal of Monday's informational hearing is to ensure greater accountability from the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation and the City and County of Honolulu -- both of whom are scheduled to present a financial update on current costs and the projected budget.
Senate President Ron Kouchi says legislators understand they need to come up with a solution to ensure rail doesn't lose the federal grant money it has already received.
Honolulu has a $1.55 billion funding deals with the Federal Transit Administration for rail -- but its massive cost and schedule problems have placed the city technically in breach of that contract.
Lawmakers were unable to reach a consensus on rail funding during the regular session.
The Senate supported Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell's plan to extend the half percent rail general excise tax surcharge on Oahu for 10 years, but the House wanted to increase hotel room taxes by 1 percent instead.
In July, state legislators were asked to make themselves available for a special session the week of Aug. 28 through Sept. 1 so they can hash out a deal to rescue Honolulu's cash-strapped rail project.
The concern from officials at both the state and county level is that the Federal Transit Administration won't wait for the Legislature to work out an agreement on financing during the 2018 session, but would likely revoke funding before then.
City officials were forced to file a recovery plan for the wildly-over budget project with the FTA back in early May, detailing alternative strategies on how HART can reconcile construction plans with available funding.
Including financing costs, the project – once estimated at $5.8 billion – is now estimated to cost as much as $10 billion including financing costs if all 20 miles and 21 stations are built from Kapolei to Ala Moana.
A special session is expected to cost taxpayers nearly $30,000 if it runs the required five-day minimum.
The hearing begins at 10 a.m. in the state Capitol auditorium.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Police have arrested a woman believed to have visited neonatal units of hospitals in the Carolinas “possibly in attempts to abduct a child.”
Linda Mae Everett, 36, visited a woman and children's hospital in Wilmington, NC, on April 5th, but was denied entry at a check-in desk where all visitors must present photo identification, reports the News & Observer.
Undeterred, Everett made their way to patient care areas anyway, says a rep for the New Hanover Regional Medical Center. They were reportedly stopped and questioned when they were spotted without a visitor's badge.
While the hospital says there was no attempt to remove an infant, per the Wilmington Star-News, police fear that was Everett's plan. Following warrants for their arrest, they were taken into custody in High Point, some 200 miles from Wilmington, on Tuesday, reports ABC11.
They face three counts of felony breaking and entering and one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to the April 5th incident.
Police say Everett also faces one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to an incident in Brunswick County.  They are out on bond, reports WWAY. (This woman admitted kidnapping a newborn 20 years ago.)
More From Newser
April 3 Leaf Group Ltd -
* On March 31, 2017, Rachel Glaser notified co that they will be resigning as company's chief financial officer- sec filing
* Glaser intends to remain employed in their current position with company until early May 2017 - sec filing Source text: [bit.ly/2oCLgst] Further company coverage:
Scroll for more content...
Police in Italy have arrested a man suspected of opening fire Saturday on foreign nationals in the town of Macerata, injuring six people.
A police photo shows a man being apprehended who appears to have an Italian flag wrapped around their neck.
The drive-by shootings were "racially motivated" and believed to be connected to the recent slaying of an 18-year-old Italian woman in which a Nigerian man was arrested, Macerata's mayor, Romano Carancini, told CNN.
The victims included five people from Nigeria and one from the Gambia, according to Lt. Col. Andrea Corinaldesi of the Carabinieri.
The shootings took place near where the dismembered body of Pamela Mastropietro was found Tuesday.
The suspect in Saturday's shootings -- identified by Carancini as Luca Traini, 28 -- was apprehended by police while making a fascist salute in front of a monument to war victims. A gun was found in their car.
According to election records, Traini had been a candidate in the nearby town of Corridonia for the anti-immigration Northern League party in the 2017 local elections but received no votes.
Carancini confirmed to CNN that they were the same man.
"We must be united against hatred," Carancini said.
The shooting underscored racial tensions in Italy ahead of the upcoming national elections. Italy's Northern League party distanced itself from the shooter but the party's leader Matteo Salvini said mass migration has caused similar violent acts.
"Violence is never the solution, violence is always to be condemned. And whoever is guilty must pay," Salvini said in statement posted on Facebook. "Immigration out of control leads to chaos, anger, social confrontation."
Marco Valerio Verni, the uncle of the slain woman Mastropietro, told CNN affiliate Rai News: "All we want is justice. We cannot fight barbarism with more barbarism. Such actions are not justifiable. This country is fed up -- but such reactions can never be justified. We are a civilized country. We should not let barbarism prevail over civilization."
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Nothing says the holiday season is over like the sight of a dead Christmas tree sitting in your living room.
You know the look. The strong and slender twigs which until a few days ago held your perfectly decorated tree together have started to sag, leaving perky ornaments looking rather dull.
The once luscious and green tree is now starting to look and feel dry with needles falling off faster than you can sweep them off your floor.
Wait too long and getting the tree out of your home will make you regret you ever purchased a real one in the first place.
But why wait when the City of Ottawa is collecting Christmas trees every week in January.
“Christmas trees will be collected on your regular scheduled collection day,” said deputy mayor Bob Monette in a gentle reminder posted on Facebook.
Just make sure to take down the ornaments along with all that tinsel and throw it to the curb.
For those of you sneaking the tree out of your apartment or condo building (where they are forbidden in the first place), just remember: trees wrapped in plastic bags will not be picked up by the city.
If you're still having a hard time parting with your tree, consider this:
A dried out Christmas tree is not only an eyesore, it's also a fire hazard as demonstrated by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission in a video circulating on social media:
If you have other uses for your Christmas tree, let us know!
Related
smas@postmedia.com
twitter.com/susanamas
BECKLEY, WV (WOAY)- Do you enjoy writing? But don't know how to get involved in a group or even where to turn to?
Well, Literacy Connections Writing Group at Beckley Art Center is seeking writers.
The group writes a variety of short stories, plays, memories, poems and even rants.
If you are interested in joining the group, a meeting will be held on May 1, 2018 at 7p.m. at the Beckley Art Center.
For more information you can contact the Beckley Art Center at BeckleyArtGroup@gmail.com
Comments
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - A trial begins this week for three members of a militia group accused of conspiring to bomb a mosque and apartment complex housing Somalis in the Kansas town of Garden City.
Patrick Stein, Gavin Wright and Curtis Allen are charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy against civil rights. Stein also faces a weapons-related charge and Wright has an additional charge of lying to the FBI.
The three men, who were indicted in October 2016, have pleaded not guilty.
Their federal trial in Wichita is expected to last six weeks, with jury selection beginning Tuesday before U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren.
The government said in court filings that a militia member tipped off federal authorities after becoming alarmed by the heightening talk of violence, and later agreed to wear a wire as a paid informant. The government's case features months of investigation captured on profanity-laced recordings that referred to the Somalis as "cockroaches."
Earlier in the case, a judge denied a defense motion to expand the prospective jury pool to encompass more rural western Kansas counties where the defense believed residents would be more conservative.
Defense attorneys argued the case is "uniquely political" because much of the anticipated evidence is in reaction to the 2016 presidential election. They contended the case will require jurors to weigh evidence regarding whether the alleged conduct constitutes the crimes charged, or whether it is constitutionally protected speech and assembly and implicates the right to bear arms.
Keith Pompey STAFF WRITER
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
News Categories Select Category GINA Publications (3) News (4,155) Government (3,740) Ministry of Agriculture (262) Ministry of Business and Tourism (150) Ministry of Communities (312) Ministry of Education (296) Ministry of Finance (106) Ministry of Foreign Affairs (111) Ministry of Indigenous Peoples' Affairs (160) Ministry of Legal Affairs (86) Ministry of Natural Resources (225) Ministry of Public Health (301) Ministry of Public Infrastructure (242) Ministry of Public Security (152) Ministry of Public Telecommunications (63) Ministry of Social Protection (214) Ministry of the Presidency (966) Citizenship (13) Social Cohesion (50) State (137) Office of the Prime Minister (127) Legislative (138) Parliament (137) Offbeat (25) Photo Gallery (60) Press Releases (1,123)
DHB Watch
GINA Flickr Feed
Subscribe
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Felista June “Smitty” Kiser, 91 of Fremont, died Friday morning, February 10, 2017 at their residence.
They were born June 22, 1925 in Tovy, IL, the youngest of nine children of William and Elizabeth (Smith) Smith. On June 15, 1946 they married Herbert J. Kiser. They preceded them in death on September 24, 2004.
As a devoted wife and mother they worked as secretary for Kiser Bros., raised nine children and celebrated 59 years of marriage. Felista reached out to the sick, shut-ins and disabled. It was after the loss of their sons that they felt a call to serve other families who had a lost a child and dedicated their time to supporting them through their grief. They were an active member of St. Joseph Church, their Confraternity, RCIA and CCD and was a Eucharistic minister for shut-ins, contact for Offertory Processions and a cafeteria volunteer. Smitty also held memberships with the Federation of Women and the Moose.
Them favorite past times include boating, dancing, cooking, baking, singing nursery rhymes to their grandchildren and monthly Ponderosa outings with Herb and the grandkids.
Surviving are their children, Janet “Sr. Mary Marcia Kiser,” S.N.D., Thomas (Phyllis) Kiser, Bill (Angie) Kiser, Don (Judy) Kiser, Joan Kiser, Karen (Mike) Lowery and Marcia (Leo) Mapus; grandchildren, Russell Kiser, Edward Kiser, Shelly Kiser, Louis Kiser, Bradley Kiser, Kelli Hurd, Traci Cogar, Jessica Williamson, Matthew Kiser, Zachary Kiser, Kristie Lowery, Beckie Golamb, Jeff Mapus, Andrew Mapus, Katie Mapus and John Mapus; and 13 great-grandchildren.
They were preceded in death by their parents; husband, Herbert; sons, John Kiser and Jeffrey Kiser; four sisters; and four brothers.
Visitation will take place on Friday, February 17, 2017 from 2-8 p.m. at Keller-Koch-Chudzinski Funeral Home, 416 S. Arch Street, Fremont, OH, where a Rosary will be recited at 8 p.m.
Additional visitation will begin at 10 a.m. on Saturday, February 18, 2017 at St. Joseph Catholic Church followed by a Mass of Resurrection at 11 a.m. Rev. Michael Zacharias will officiate. Burial will follow at St. Joseph Cemetery.
Memorial contributions may be made to St. Joseph Church, Stein Hospice, School of Hope, Sisters of Notre Dame or Center for Neurological Development.
Online condolences may be expressed at www.kkchud.com.
Comments
comments
A BOY died after eating just a mouthful of hospital food, despite staff being told they had allergies, a Melbourne inquest has been told.
Louis Tate, 13, was admitted to Frankston Hospital on October 22, 2015, following an asthma attack and died the next day after an anaphylactic reaction to the hospital's breakfast food.
“I thought because they were in hospital, the medical staff would know exactly how to take care of him,” mum Gabrielle Catan told day one of an inquest into their death.
PENINSULA PARENTS OF BOY, 13, WHO DIED FOLLOWING SUSPECTED ANAPHYLAXIS CALL FOR GREATER AWARENESS ABOUT FOOD ALLERGIES
“I didn't feel I had to say anaphylaxis was a life-threatening condition.” Ms Catan said they phoned the hospital the morning after Louis's admission to see how they were going and the nurse said they complained of tingling in their mouth after eating breakfast.
Camera Icon Louis Tate at a Little Athletics event. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon Louis Tate was admitted after an asthma attack. Picture: Supplied
“That's some sort of allergic reaction,” they recalled telling the nurse. “For me that was quite clear and for them to mention it, they knew what was going on.” After Louis's death, Ms Catan — who had informed the hospital of their allergies on their admission — said hospital staff reported they ate “no more than a spoonful” before complaining.
“They couldn't find out what caused the food reaction,” they said.
Irene Fisher, who served Louis their breakfast, said the nurse looking after the teen that day told them about their allergies but there was no notation on the kitchen whiteboard about it, as per protocol.
“It hadn't been followed that day,” they said.
Louis had asked for three Weet-Bix, a glass of water and soy milk.
Ms Fisher said someone at the hospital, whom they couldn't recall, asked them for the milk served to Louis that day and they gave them the open carton.
The inquest is considering food handling protocols at Frankston Hospital for patients with food allergies, and the management of Louis' treatment after they suffered a reaction.
In a statement, Louis's father Simon Tate said the death never should have happened.
“His death has changed our lives and we continue to struggle every day with the emptiness, loss and circumstances,” they said.
“He was in hospital, at a place where they should have been safe. Yet despite us providing clear and concise communications about their food allergies, they died.
“Our hope is that this inquest not only provides us with the many answers we need and deserve, but that it closely examines food safety and anaphylaxis management protocols at Frankston Hospital.”
BRIGHTON, England — West Ham's week of turmoil ended with a 3-1 loss at Brighton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a second win in 14 matches for Brighton to boost its chances of avoiding the drop.
Javier Hernandez was on target for West Ham, but it was a miserable end to a turbulent few days for the east London club, which fired head of recruitment Tony Henry after claims they told agents they did not want to sign any more African players.
Anger and frustration toward the West Ham board from supporters is at an all-time high following the scandal, as well as an underwhelming transfer window which saw a club linked with Olivier Giroud, Michy Batshuayi and Daniel Sturridge end up with signing Jordan Hugill from Preston.
Indeed, the first chants of "Sack the board" were belted out from the away end even before Murray put Brighton ahead in only the eighth minute.
The goal came after referee Roger East allowed play to continue despite Aaron Cresswell's foul on Anthony Knockaert, and Gross immediately pinged the loose ball to Murray.
The striker, who scored twice in Brighton's 3-0 dismantling of Slaven Bilic's West Ham in October, strode forward and coolly sidefooted past Adrian for their 10th goal of the season.
Amid the off-field controversy, West Ham manager David Moyes is also dealing with a spate of injuries and indiscipline. Arthur Masuaku is still serving a lengthy ban for spitting and Michail Antonio was dropped midweek for being late to a meeting.
Until now at least, West Ham has been eking out the points which have been keeping West Ham at arm's length from the relegation battle. But West Ham is now three points above the relegation zone in 12th, just ahead of Brighton on goal difference.
___
“You have to expect this with Jordan football. You never know. Our defense will carry us one week, our offense will carry us the next week. You just never know.”
THEY were well known as the youngest and most inexperienced team in last year's Super Netball competition but in 2018 the NSW Swifts want to reinvent themselves.
In season two of the world class competition, the NSW Swifts are determined to be known as a major force.
Captain Abbey McCulloch says the time is right for the side to give its image a major makeover and be contenders for the Super netball crown.
PREVIEW: Super Netball 2018
SWIFT CHANGE: What David Beckham and the Swifts have in common
In 2018 the side wants to be known as a danger team, not a side bursting with potential.
And they want to be far higher up the ladder than they were last year.
Our guide to the SWIFTS team and their goals in the 2018.
Camera Icon The NSW Swifts go into season two of Super Netball with confidence. Picture: The Daily Telegraph
HOW DOES THE TEAM LOOK?
There are only minor changes from last season which will help the Swifts make their mark.
Still leading the side is Abby McCulloch as part of a leadership group which also includes Maddy Proud and Paige Hadley.
COMEBACK: Kim Green has Giant plans for return
SUPER SHAKE-UP: Major changes for 2018 netball season
WHAT WILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE?
There has been a change at the very top with former Swifts player Briony Akle now leading the side following Rob Wright's move to Melbourne.
Akle already has the players trust and already has the, believing they can be a top four contender — or better- this year.
Camera Icon NSW Swifts Paige Hadley, Abbey McCulloch and Maddy Proud. Pic: Jonathan Ng Picture: News Corp Australia
THE ROSTER
The NSW Swifts have re-signed their entire starting roster plus young gun Claire O'Brien for the 2018 Super Netball season.
Abbey McCulloch and English import Helen Housby signed two-year deals prior to the inaugural Super Netball season.
SNUBBED: Newcastle to host Australia v England
GAMES NETBALL: Results, stars and how it played out
Trinidadian shooter Sam Wallace and Diamond squad member Paige Hadley headlined the re-signings which also include up-and-coming defenders Sarah Klau and Maddy Turner and midcourt star Maddy Proud.
The new faces in the side are Kate Eddy and Sophie Garbin
Camera Icon NSW Swifts shooter Sam Wallace will be a key factor in the Swifts success in 2018. Picture: AAP
HOW DID THEY GO LAST YEAR?
The Swifts recorded three wins during the preliminary rounds to finish in sixth place overall on the points ladder at the end of the regular season.
They earned a reputation for being dangerous due to their unpredictability.
However, their inability to finish off games cost them dearly.
CHUFFED:The draw the Swifts are quite happy about
NEW COACH:Old players new role with Swifts
SWIFTS FIXTURE FOR 2018
Round 1 — NSW Swifts v QLD Firebirds (Double Header)
3pm, Sunday 29 April — Qudos Bank Arena, Sydney Olympic Park
Round 2 — Melbourne Vixens v NSW Swifts
3pm, Sunday 6 May — Hisense Arena, Melbourne
Round 3 — NSW Swifts v GIANTS Netball (NSW Derby)
1pm, Sunday 13 May — Qudos Bank Arena, Sydney Olympic Park
Round 4 — West Coast Fever v NSW Swifts
3pm, Sunday 20 May, HBF Stadium, Perth
Round 5 — NSW Swifts v Magpies Netball
1pm, Sunday 27 May — QuayCentre, Sydney Olympic Park (formerly Sydney Olympic Park Sports Centre)
CAPTAINS CALL: What Abbey McCulloch thinks
Camera Icon Amy Sommerville and Geva Mentor competing last season. Picture: AAP
Round 6 — NSW Swifts v Adelaide Thunderbirds
1pm, Sunday 3 June — QuayCentre, Sydney Olympic Park
Round 7 — NSW Swifts v Sunshine Coast Lightning (Double Header)
3pm, Sunday 17 June — Qudos Bank Arena, Sydney Olympic Park
Round 8 — Queensland Firebirds v NSW Swifts
3pm, Sunday 24 June — Brisbane Entertainment Centre
Round 9 NSW Swifts v Melbourne Vixens
3pm, Saturday 30 June — QuayCentre, Sydney Olympic Park
Round 10 — GIANTS Netball v NSW Swifts (Return NSW Derby)
5pm, Sunday 8 July — International Convention Centre, Darling Harbour, Sydney
Round 11 — NSW Swifts v West Coast Fever
7pm, Saturday 14 July — QuayCentre, Sydney Olympic Park
Round 12 — Magpies Netball v NSW Swifts
Camera Icon Mwai Kumwenda of the Vixens gets on top of their battle with a Swifts player. Picture: News Corp Australia
3pm, Saturday 21 July — Hisense Arena, Melbourne
Round 13 — Sunshine Coast Lightning v NSW Swifts
3pm, Saturday 28 July — University of Sunshine Coast, Sippy Downs, QLD
Round 14 — Adelaide Thunderbirds v NSW Swifts
7.30pm, Friday 3 August — Priceline Stadium, Adelaide
All times AEST, ticket from Ticketek
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
JOHNNY SEXTON JUST wanted one more shot, a chance to cancel out the 62nd minute missed penalty that still seriously rankled with him.
It wasn't an easy chance, 45 metres out from goal on a sopping wet night with the game on the line and energy stores dumped all over the field.
Yet Sexton drove everything through the ball and gave themselves reason to smile – not a common on-field occurrence – as they watched it clear the bar and cancel orders of Champagne to celebrate a 13 – 12 home win as the scoreboard flicked to 13 – 15.
“I could have put it to bed with the penalty. I snatched at it,” Sexton told TV3′s Sinead Kissane, typically self-critical of the wayward kick that would have put Ireland nine points ahead before France took the lead through Teddy Thomas' try
Still breathing heavily in the minutes post-match, Sexton also touched on the heavy burden goal-kickers carry; the man in the spotlight, the hero on nights like this, but the scapegoat when it all goes wrong.
Perhaps they even had a 2013 penalty against New Zealand in mind as they continued:
“I just wanted one more chance because (inaudible…) all the blame. It's nice to get another chance. I've been in that position before where you don't get another chance.
I'm just happy for the lads. It was a great effort. It was a scrappy game with the conditions and the way Nigel (Owens) reffed it.
“It was scrappy, we let them come in off their feet a couple of times.
“If we get what we want to get out of the Championship we'll look back at those last 10 minutes and the character we showed to dig in.”
Chicago Cubs' Kris Bryant reacts after taking a pitch to the batting helmet from Colorado Rockies starter German Marquez in the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, April 22, 2018, in Denver. Bryant was pulled from the game after getting hit. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
Chicago Cubs' Kris Bryant reacts after taking a pitch to the batting helmet from Colorado Rockies starter German Marquez in the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, April 22, 2018, in Denver. Bryant was pulled from the game after getting hit. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
CLEVELAND (AP) - Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant is out of the lineup against the Cleveland Indians two days after being hit on the head by a pitch.
Cubs manager Joe Maddon said before Tuesday night's game that the 2016 National League MVP has a cut above their left eye but no concussion after being hit Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
"I think he's fine, but getting hit in the head is a pretty traumatic experience," Maddon said. "Fortunately, it never happened to me, but it happened to him."
The pitch hit the underside of the flap on Bryant's helmet, and they were helped off the field. Bryant is batting .319 with two homers and 11 RBIs this season.
Tommy La Stella started at third base and batted fifth Tuesday. Second baseman Javier Baez batted second, in Byrant's usual spot in the lineup.
Shortstop Addison Russell was in the lineup after experiencing an allergic reaction to a postgame meal Sunday in the Cubs' clubhouse. Russell, who is allergic to shellfish, began eating what they thought was lemon chicken but actually was shrimp.
Russell spent the night in Denver after being hospitalized briefly and rejoined the team Monday.
"Being taken on a gurney by paramedics was pretty scary," they said. "I went to the hospital, they gave me an IV, and three hours later I was fine."
The Cubs are making their first appearance at Progressive Field since beating the Indians in Game 7 of the 2016 World Series to win their first title since 1908.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
0 Businesses in Cooper Young join Shelby County anti-trespassing program
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - From drug deals and petty theft to loitering and trespassing, business owners in one Memphis neighborhood are sending a message that crime is not welcome at their storefronts.
More than a dozen members of the Cooper Young Business Association signed up for an anti-trespassing program organized by the Shelby County District Attorney's Office.
Trending stories:
Neal Oldham, a prosecutor for the DA's office, said the initiative was organized last year, and modeled after a similar program that's available for owners of apartment complexes.
“If you're just going to hangout and bother people who are trying to go there and spend money or commit crimes then you're not welcome,” Oldham told FOX13.
“We hope to be proactive instead of reactive to crime,” Oldham continued. “Hopefully this serves as a deterrent. People know if they come here and trespass then they will be prosecuted.”
Mary Burns, who owns Java Cabana on Young Avenue, signed up for the program.
“Before when we had a problem with someone coming in - loitering, stealing tips, petty theft - we'd have to file an affidavit,” Burns explained. “Then if the person came in again, we'd have to entertain them, keep them here until police got here.”
By registering a business with the DA's office, and placing a “No Trespassing” sign in the business' window, police can arrest someone for loitering during the first reported offense, as opposed to a second one.
“When the police pull up, if the person doesn't move along then they can be arrested,” Oldham explained.
Oldham is working with local law enforcement to get more business owners like Burn's on board.
“Initially I was hesitant to take the sign, because I think of this coffee shop as a safe haven for people,” Burns explained. “I don't want to send the message that you aren't welcome here. At the same time, as a business owner, I have a responsibility to protect the people who work here and the people who come here.”
Here's a list of the Cooper Young businesses that are participating in the program, according to the DA's office:
The Prop Shop on Cooper Ave
The parking lot for Café Ole, Eva Salon, and Churchill Studios at Cooper and Young
Java Cabana on Young Avenue
Albert Cook Plumping Company Inc. on Central Ave
Palladio Antiques, Palladio Interiors, and Palladio Annex on Central Ave
Palladio Garden on S. Cox Street
The Art Factory on S. Cox Street
Stone Soup Café and Market on S. Cooper Street
Memphis Metal Manufacturing Company Inc. on Tanglewood Street
Cooper Cottage School, LLC on S. Cooper Street
Palmer Brothers on S. Cooper Street
Any business owner who's interested in the program should contact the Shelby County District Attorney's Office at 901-222-1300.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The gang's all here, I thought, lurking the corridors of MarTech Boston this week. Familiar faces, new faces, plenty of vendors. What better time to take the pulse of marketing tech and fine out what everyone's talking about?
But my main question was: Why marketing tech exactly? If digital transformation is re-making the entire brand-customer relationship, why should marketing own the technology which is making it happen?
Not just marketing
Scott Brinker is the face of MarTech, the conference. He's the indefatigable moving spirit behind the independent-minded Chief Martec blog, and they recently joined Hubspot as VP of platform eco-system. As usual, I liked some of the things they had to say about the marketing tech eco-system, especially: "This is not just about marketing."
He's surely right. If we're talking about a cross-organizational commitment to CX, that the logical consequence is that unified data on the customer (that single source of truth) should drive everything from ERP, product and supply chain, through marketing and advertising, to sales, service, and support. And right through the customer lifecycle too.
Brinker sketched five topics they view as currently key:
Digital transformation (across the organization) Microservices and APIs (to break data out of silos) Vertical competition Digital everything (iPaaS "is exploding," they said) Artificial Intelligence
Maybe vertical competition is the odd one out there, but certainly the other four themes should be infecting every part of the corporate body (in a good way), not just the marketing department.
I set out to explore my thesis: among marketers, of course.
The custodian of technology
Based out of Toronto, Canada, LookBookHQ is one of many marketing tech solutions which can be defined by what it's not. It's not a campaign execution tool; not a content platform; and not a DAM. But for brands using creative assets to execute campaigns, LookBookHQ brings AI-powered intelligence to bear on content performance.
"What if we could get better insight into how people consume content and engage with it?" is the driving question, as expressed by Elle Woulfe, VP of marketing.
While it "takes cues" from the B2C word, Woulfe said, LookBookHQ is designed to bring content intelligence to B2B marketers, pushing them out of the rut of just getting clicks and hoping prospects won't disengage. LookBookHQ also powers content recommendations. "If we know who you are, it's really easy to do." But unknown prospects can be targeted too, based on the content consumption behavior past users and how assets are shown as interrelated through tagging.
I asked Woulfe about marketing tech's big themes. "ABM is what everybody's talking about everywhere you go," they said. "But that's a tech solution to solve a problem which is mainly a process and content problem." They do see changes in the space. "The tide is starting to turn. Marketing automation is table stakes, something [marketers] can't do without. But it can't do everything they need." Marketers are forced to ask: "How can I find the few things that add incremental value?'
From Woulfe's perspective, of course, that's where a solution like LookBookHQ comes in, giving marketers an alternative to "flying blind" where content is concerned.
But why, I asked, are we all so focused on marketing as the hub for digital transformation? "Who else would it be?" was Woulfe's immediate response. "Marketing has become the custodian of technology." The customer experience, they continued, is hardly a core competence of Sales. The truth is, marketing teams now tend to have the tech people on their staff already.
"I think marketing won't exist"
Perhaps surprisingly, marketing automation leader Marketo will readily agree that marketing automation is not enough. Over the last year, under the direction of CEO Steve Lucas ("No longer the 'new CEO,'" as they say), Marketo has consciously pivoted to being a marketing platform rather than a marketing (automation) hub.
What this means in practice is that, in addition to native Marketo apps for familiar service like email, ABM, and — yes — marketing automation, the Engagement Platform supports hundreds of partners (or ISV — independent software vendor) solutions, with capabilities Marketo doesn't natively offer. That's Robin Ritenour's bread and butter, as SVP for business development, partner strategy, and alliances, and she'll readily describe Marketo's approach as a "category buster" — neither best-of-breed solution nor all-in marketing cloud, but an agile route between the two.
That's an easily anticipated perspective on Marketo, but what they had to say when I asked why marketing should own engagement was less predictable.
"I think marketing won't exist. The funnel disappears. You can't drive somebody through a [traditional] customer journey." Someone is going to own the customer experience, they conceded. Maybe a Chief Engagement Officer. Best practices, they explained, will be forced to change in response to the multiplicity of data-points and touch-points.
Whoever is going to be steering the ship will still need to deal with AI. "AI is everywhere," they said. "AI within the platform; AI powering the eco-system. It's interesting to think about where we will be in two, three, or five years. How will we apply AI to use cases?"
The significance of AI only underlines the importance of data, because it's only as good as the data. Data quality, data cleaning, and data management are all crucial. Look at the ads for data scientists on GlassDoor or Ladders, they suggested.
I asked whether there was enough data in the B2B space to support AI, outside large enterprises. Yes, came the answer: "They have the data. They haven't surfaced it yet." Transactional data, product data, ERP data, it's all there. And if a B2B brand wants to expand its data set, it can start back-engineering lookalike data (from similar accounts) into its own machine learning algorithms, predicting churn and identifying cross-sell and up-sell opportunities.
Brands are at different points along the maturity curve, they admit, and refers back to something Scott Brinker had emphasized in their keynote. It's not just about technology; it's about people and processes too. Whether those people are in a marketing department or not.
A whistleblower claims Cambridge Analytica, a political consulting firm that worked with the Trump campaign - retained user data on 50 million Facebook users without their consent.
More Videos
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds.
2:51 Gov. Nikki Haley on challenges, pain and resilience in South Carolina
0:42 SC delegates' view of Katy Perry at the DNC
1:12 United States of Swag: DNC edition
3:16 Columbia Mayor Benjamin says he'll vote for Hillary Clinton to keep promise to daughters
2:13 Ted Cruz draws boos after refusing to endorse Trump
2:38 The RNC's mistake by the lake
3:05 Ivanka Trump introduces their father at the Republican National Convention
2:53 S.C. Democratic Party chair Jaime Harrison explains the "Enough is Enough" campaign
3:32 What does Trump need to accomplish in their acceptance speech?
1:47 Protests escalate on day two of RNC in Cleveland
× Meryl Streep joins cast of ‘Little Women'
(CNN) — Meryl Streep is about to take on one of America's most iconic stories — “Little Women.”
The Oscar winner has been cast as Aunt March in the screen adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's 1868 novel “Little Women,” according to the Los Angeles Times.
The story follows the lives of the four March sisters who are living in Massachusetts during the Civil War. Streep is in good company, Saoirse Ronan, Emma Stone, Florence Pugh and Timothée Chalamet are all reportedly set to star in the film.
Greta Gerwig, who made their much acclaimed directorial debut with “Lady Bird,” has signed on to direct.
There have been numerous film and television adaptations of Louisa May Alcott's classic over the years. Most recently, a joint BBC and “Masterpiece Theater” production of “Little Women” debuted on PBS in May.
CNN has reached out to Streep for comment.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
0 Ambien-maker to Roseanne Barr: 'Racism is not a known side effect'
The makers of a prescription sleep medication responded Wednesday after comedian Roseanne Barr said “ambien tweeting” led them to post a tweet Tuesday that many deemed as racist.
>> Read more trending news
Representatives of Sanofi, the pharmaceutical company that manufactures Ambien, shared the company's response on Twitter.
“While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect off any Sanofi medication,” the statement said.
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
Barr was heavily criticized after they wrote that Valerie Jarrett, a black woman who served as a top aide for President Barack Obama, was the product of the “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes.” Barr later deleted the tweet and apologized for their comment, which ABC network officials condemned as “abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values.”
Network officials announced Tuesday that the show had been canceled in light of Barr's tweet.
They asked their fans not to defend them in a since-deleted tweet posted early Wednesday: “guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty.”
They later wrote that they mentioned Ambien not to excuse their behavior, “but I've done weird stuff while on ambien-cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.”
Ambien is a prescription sleep aide. According to prescribing information from Sanofi, the most common side effects of the drug are drowsiness, dizziness, “drugged feelings” and diarrhea.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
FILE - In this Aug. 8, 2017, file photo, Thai Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai poses for a photo during a meeting then-U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at Foreign Ministry in Bangkok, Thailand. Don said on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, their country is willing and able to host a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, but said no plans have been made to do so. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit, File)
FILE - In this Aug. 8, 2017, file photo, Thai Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai poses for a photo during a meeting then-U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at Foreign Ministry in Bangkok, Thailand. Don said on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, their country is willing and able to host a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, but said no plans have been made to do so. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit, File)
BANGKOK (AP) - Thailand is willing and able to host a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, but no plans have been made to do so, the country's foreign minister said Tuesday.
Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai was responding to questions from reporters who noted that Bangkok was one of several possible venues mentioned for such a summit, which Trump said could take place in early June to discuss North Korea's denuclearization. It would be the first-ever meeting between the leaders of the two countries.
Don said Thailand was able to help with such a meeting and had hosted talks between the two countries before, including one set of talks in 2000 that had led to improved relations.
They said speculation that Thailand might be the host came strictly from news reports. "The fact is we haven't discussed anything," they said.
Thailand has one of the largest U.S. embassies in the region and also has fairly friendly relations with both the U.S. and North Korea. Speculation about other possible venues for the summit includes Singapore, Geneva, Helsinki, Stockholm and Oslo.
Trump last week said that although he's looking ahead optimistically to a historic meeting with Kim, they could still pull out if they feel it's "not going to be fruitful."
Asked if Thailand could act as a mediator between the two countries, the Thai foreign minister said there was no need to mediate because the U.S. and North Korea were already talking to each other.
"I wouldn't want to take it that far because they are already talking," they said. "There's no issue for us to mediate."
"They are dealing with it themselves. And it has been effective, as we are seeing. We can only hope that everything continues to improve," Don said.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
A study published in Pediatrics examined interdisciplinary provider perspectives on legal medical marijuana use in children with cancer. It found that 92 percent of providers were willing to help children with cancer access medical marijuana. However, providers who are legally eligible to certify for medical marijuana were less open to endorsing its use.
While nearly a third of providers received one or more requests for medical marijuana, the lack of standards on formulations, dosing and potency was identified as the greatest barrier to recommending it. These findings reflect survey responses from 288 providers in Illinois, Massachusetts and Washington.
"It is not surprising that providers who are eligible to certify for medical marijuana were more cautious about recommending it, given that their licensure could be jeopardized due to federal prohibition," said co-author Kelly Michelson, MD, Critical Care physician at Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago, Associate Professor of Pediatrics and Director of the Center for Bioethics and Medical Humanities at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. "Institutional policies also may have influenced their attitudes. Lurie Children's, for example, prohibits pediatric providers from facilitating medical marijuana access in accordance with the federal law, even though it is legal in Illinois."
Pediatric oncology providers received frequent requests for medical marijuana for relief of nausea and vomiting, lack of appetite, pain, depression and anxiety. Most providers considered medical marijuana more permissible for use in children with advanced cancer or near the end of life than in earlier stages of cancer treatment. This is consistent with the current American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) position that sanctions medical marijuana use for "children with life-limiting or seriously debilitating conditions." Only 2 percent of providers reported that medical marijuana was never appropriate for a child with cancer.
The majority of providers (63 percent) were not concerned about substance abuse in children who receive medical marijuana. Their greatest concern was absence of standards around prescribing medical marijuana to children with cancer.
"In addition to unclear dosage guidelines, the lack of high quality scientific data that medical marijuana benefits outweigh possible harm is a huge concern for providers accustomed to evidence-based practice," said Michelson. "We need rigorously designed clinical trials on the use of medical marijuana in children with cancer."
###
The survey was sent to pediatric oncology providers at Dana-Farber/Boston Children's Cancer and Blood Disorders Center, Seattle Children's Cancer and Blood Disorders Center, and Lurie Children's Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders. Eligible participants included physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, psychologists, social workers and registered nurses who care for children with cancer in inpatient or outpatient settings.
Lurie Children's cancer program is part of Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University. Research at Lurie Children's is conducted through the Stanley Manne Children's Research Institute. The Manne Research Institute is focused on improving child health, transforming pediatric medicine and ensuring healthier futures through the relentless pursuit of knowledge. Lurie Children's is ranked as one of the nation's top children's hospitals in the U.S. News & World Report. It is the pediatric training ground for Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. Last year, the hospital served more than 208,000 children from 50 states and 58 countries.
A senior Labor MP has revealed he'll turn a government bill to introduce harsher penalties for sheep exporters who break the rules into an attempt to ban the industry outright.
Joel Fitzgibbon expects to put forward an amendment to government legislation on Thursday to ban the summer trade at the first opportunity and phrase it out altogether over five years.
The amendment would institute the same changes as a private members' bill put forward by Liberal MP Sussan Ley and supported by colleagues Jason Wood and Sarah Henderson.
Mr Fitzgibbon told parliament on Wednesday of their intention to move the motion, urging government MPs to give the proposal serious thought overnight.
But two West Australian Liberal MPs were immediately vocal in their opposition, with both Rick Wilson and Nola Marino warning a ban could have immediate impacts on producers in their state.
If the amendment doesn't pass, Labor will still support the legislation in its original form.
It would introduce a 10-year prison sentence, fines of at least $4.2 million for companies or $2.1 million for individuals.
“The men are hurriedly urging children into pews, settling quarrels and trying to arrange seating so that the least mayhem will ensue. Some of the men do a better job than others at juggling their paraphernalia: in addition to diaper bags and bottles of apple juice or milk, most have quiet books, small toys, and some have rather large and cumbersome Primary materials to hang onto and keep track of.
View larger $13.99 $10.98 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU: 171211-68859-1
Part No: R19155
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Stanley Kubrick items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Flavor | Throwback Space
Genres: Adventure | Drama | Science Fiction | Suspense
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: MGM
Original U.S. Release: April 3, 1968
Rating: G
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Master filmmaker Stanley Kubrick's iconic film 2001: A Space Odyssey begins as humanity finds a mysterious, artificial object buried beneath the Lunar surface and, with a intelligent computer called H.A.L. 9000, sets off on a quest to find its origins.
Specifications
Size: 36x24 in
Cast: Daniel Richter | Ed Bishop | Gary Lockwood | Keir Dullea | Leonard Rossiter | Margaret Tyzack | Robert Beatty | William Sylvester
Directors: Stanley Kubrick
Project Name: 2001: A Space Odyssey
Authors: Arthur C. Clarke | Stanley Kubrick
Related Items
Categories
Adventure | Cult Flavor | Drama | Featured | MGM | Movies, TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Science Fiction | Suspense | Throwback Space
Recent news:
UPC Q2 losses exhaust cat agg retention
Ted Bunker 14 June 2017
United Insurance Holdings estimates it has now hit the retention on its 1 January-placed catastrophe aggregate reinsurance programme after a series of events in the second quarter.
Late today, the carrier preannounced $20mn in pre-tax catastrophe losses as well as $7mn in merger-related expenses for the second quarter.
Most of the cat losses stemmed from hailstorms, tornadoes and other severe weather events in Florida, Georgia, Louisiana and Texas.
The losses mean it has met the $30mn retention under its cat...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Putin has discussed bilateral ties between Russia and Egypt during the talks with their counterpart Sisi, as well as the situation in the Middle East, including the Israeli-Palestinian settlement in the wake of the controversial decision made by US President Donald Trump last week.
Russia and Egypt "advocate for a swift resumption of the direct Palestinian-Israeli dialogue on all controversial issues, including the status of Jerusalem. Long-term and fair agreements respecting the interests of both sides are needed," President Vladimir Putin has stated following the talks with their Egyptian counterpart Abdel Fattah Sisi, adding that such agreements must be in accordance with the decisions of the international community that had been earlier adopted.
"We consider any steps that anticipate the outcome of the dialogue between the Palestinians and the Israelis to be counterproductive. We believe that such steps are destabilizing, do not help resolve the situation, but, on the contrary, provoke conflict," the Russian president said.
Commenting on US President Donald Trump's controversial decision on the recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of the Israeli state, that has been widely condemned by Arab states, as well as many countries voicing support for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the Russian Foreign Ministry has previously stated that Moscow was concerned about the move and called on all sides to show restraint.
READ MORE: Former Rivals Hamas, Fatah United Against Trump's Move on Jerusalem — PLO Member
Ahead of Washington's announcement, Putin and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas discussed the Middle East peace process, with the Russian president expressing support for the immediate resumption of direct Palestinian-Israeli negotiations on all controversial issues, including the status of Jerusalem.
Israel declared Jerusalem its "single and indivisible" capital, including its eastern districts and historic center, repulsed half a century ago from Jordan and later annexed. The world community does not recognize the annexation and considers the status of the city to be one of the core problems of the Middle East conflict, which should be resolved on the basis of an agreement with the Palestinians, which claim the eastern part of Jerusalem. In this regard, all foreign embassies are located in Tel Aviv.
Situation in Syria and Fight Against Terrorism
The two leaders have also discussed the situation in Syria, with President Vladimir Putin saying that Russia and Egypt have agreed to strengthen coordination of efforts to promote the peace process in the country.
"We are grateful to our Egyptian partners for supporting the Russian initiative to convene the Syrian National Dialogue Congress. We are planning to involve in its work various groups of opposition, including representatives of the so-called Moscow and Cairo platforms," Putin added.
READ MORE: Putin Orders Withdrawal of Russian Troops From Syria (PHOTOS, VIDEOS)
In their turn, Sisi said that they had discussed political crises in Libya and Syria with Putin, noting that Egypt's position coincided with Russia's in terms of the need for expansion of de-escalation zones in the Arab Republic to create necessary conditions for further peace talks between all religious and ethnic groups.
© Sputnik/ Aleksey Nikolskyi President of the Arab Republic of Egypt Abdel Fattah el-Sisi (right) and President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin at the meeting in Cairo
According to the Egyptian president, Moscow and Cairo have agreed to exchange reconnaissance information to fight against terrorism.
At the same time, Putin said, "We agreed to expand ties in the military and defense industry areas. First of all, in order to strengthen the anti-terrorist potential of the Egyptian Armed Forces."
Putin and Sisi met shortly after the Russian president announced the withdrawal of troops from Syria, emphasizing that the country's sovereignty and independence has been preserved thanks to the successful anti-terrorist operation, adding that conditions for the political settlement in the country under the auspices of the UN have been created and the refugees, that had to flee their homes, may return.
Egypt-Russia Ties
Speaking about the long-awaited resumption of direct flights with Egypt that have been suspended after the deadliest plane crash in history of the Russian aviation that took place in the Sinai in 2015, Putin said, "In this time, the Egyptian side did great work on increasing the level of security in airports. The Russian security service reported to me that we are overall ready for resumption of direct flights between Moscow and Cairo."
Russia will seek to sign an agreement with Egypt on resumption of direct flights very soon, the president added.
A Kogalymavia Airbus A321 passenger airliner, with 217 passengers and seven crew members on board, crashed in the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt on October 31, 2015, leaving no survivors. Russia designated the incident as a terrorist act.
Following the crash, Russia suggested that Egypt should increase security measures, while Cairo made security upgrades in its airports after the tragedy in an effort to comply with Russian demands and resume air traffic.
Commenting on bilateral trade, Putin said that investment in the Russian industrial zone near Egypt's northeastern city of Port Said could total $7 billion. "We believe that it will become the biggest regional center for the manufacturing and delivery of Russian goods to the markets of the Middle Eastern countries and Africa. Leading Russian companies are already expressing interest in this project."
The trade turnover between Russia and Egypt has grown by 1.5 times during the first nine months of 2017 and exceeded $4 billion, Putin said, adding that "Russia has always recognized the particular importance of the development of friendly and mutually beneficial relations with Egypt, our long-standing and reliable partner in the Middle East and North Africa."
During the meeting, Russia and Egypt signed in Cairo on Monday the decrees on the implementation of the contracts on the construction of the Dabaa nuclear power plant (NPP) with Russia's participation. The two countries signed an intergovernmental agreement on cooperation in the construction and the operation of the first Egyptian nuclear power plant in the Dabaa area on ​​the Mediterranean Sea coast using Russian technology in 2015.
[India], June 15 (ANI): After Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) called for an indefinite shutdown in Darjeeling following a raid at Bimal Gurung's office by the West Bengal Police earlier in the day, the party asserted that it was a political matter and the state government should solve it "politically."
"We were agitating in a peaceful manner. The strike is to protest against the police high-handedness. This is a political matter and not a law and order problem. Hence, the West Bengal Government should solve it politically," GJM general secretary Roshan Giri told ANI.
The police recovered a cache of arms, arrows and cash.
GJM's assistant general secretary Binay Tamang said that they want Gorkhaland because their "culture, rights, tradition are not respected here."
"We are tribals, about to hold our traditional archery competition. They showed our traditional equipment as weapons. That's why we need Gorkhaland. Our rights, culture, heritage, traditions - nothing is respected here," Tamang said.
Gurung, a day before, said that the police were working like the India Trinamool Congress (TMC) cadre and the fight wouldn't stop even if all Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel of country were sent to Darjeeling.
"The police work like TMC cadre. Even if all CRPF personnel of country are sent here, our fight won't stop," Gurung said.
Earlier, as many as six parties including the GJM and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) adopted a resolution for a separate Gorkhaland state.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) did not attend the meeting.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) is monitoring the situation developing in Darjeeling.
Inculpating the ruling TMC for the ongoing protest in Darjeeling by the GJM, the BJP accused the state government of alienating the community, which resultsed in them facing an identity crisis.
"The Gorkhas belong to India, but the state government has alienated them to such an extent that they lost their belief of belonging to this country. It is the identity crisis which has initiated such violence," BJP state vice president Chandra Kumar Bose told ANI.
Bose held the state government responsible for the escalated tension in Darjeeling and said that the ruling regime cannot solve this issue by simply providing some funds and forming the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has branded the GJM protest as 'abhorrent' and appealed to the people of the region to maintain peace.
The GJM supporters are also protesting against the alleged imposition of Bengali in the schools of the hills. (ANI)
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) and the government have agreed on the return of thousands of sensitive documents obtained by the national broadcaster that were meant to remain under wraps for at least another decade.
According to the ABC, papers covering five federal government cabinet meetings over a decade had been unwittingly sold with two secondhand filing cabinets to a used furniture shop in Canberra, the Guardian reported.
The prime minister's department has admitted that it lost the confidential files which normally remain secret for 20 years after their production.
“It is now reasonably evident that the cabinets and documents which are the subject of the AFP (Australian Federal Police) investigation, came from the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet,” department chief Martin Parkinson said.
They added that the mistake “casts the department in a poor light and this failure has implications for the rest of the Australian public service.”
The papers' classifications include “top secret,” “sensitive,” “Australian eyes only,” and “Cabinet-in-confidence,” the ABC reported.
READ MORE: Leaked Documents Reveal Australia's Plan to Force Refugees Out of Manus Center
The broadcaster has agreed to return the sensitive said it had chosen not to publish many of them due to their classified nature.
CTV Atlantic
Protesters rallied in Dieppe, N.B., Monday urging the provincial government to back away from a plan that would have Medavie – which already manages Ambulance New Brunswick – take over management of the extramural home healthcare program and Tele-Care 811 currently under provincial management.
“It's certainly to get a message to the government that we're not buying into their sale to Medavie. Extramural is not for sale,” says Cecile Cassista of the New Brunswick Coalition for Seniors and Nursing Home Residents' Rights.
The government insists more people will receive medical care at home under the plan. Critics call it a move toward privatization.
“I'm begging, I'm asking the premier and the minister again, press pause. Let's (get) more information on this,” says Tory MLA Bruce Northrup.
Anthony Knight, CEO of the New Brunswick Medical Society, says change is needed and the plan is worth a try.
“We need to be innovative, and we need to bring creative solutions to these problems,” says Knight. “What we're saying is that doctors are willing to work with Meadvaie and the province to look for solutions because we're just too small a province to wait around and complain about the prospect of something that needs to change.”
With the changeover of management only weeks away, protesters say they'll continue to pressure the province to back off.
“What we're going to continue to do and have to do within the legal bounds of our principals, and you know what, if it has to go up to election time, so be it,” says Cecile Cassista.
The 10-year Medavie contract is set to take effect Jan. 1.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Nick Moore.
CRISTINA GOMEZ, Ranger Reporter:
As the holiday approaches, the feelings arise. Many people are excited to celebrate, while others dread even the thought.
Valentine's Day is long celebrated by those in love; however, over the years, many say the holiday has evolved into something expected rather than sincerely celebrated. “It's cool, not a bad holiday, just don't put so much emphasis on it,” Christopher Askew, a general studies major, said.
Immediately after New Year's Day, Valentine's is everywhere. “It's a holiday that was invented for profit. It's lost all meaning,” Yessenia Gomez, a pre-med student, said. “It's a promotional advertising scheme.” Gomez pointed out that candy prices shoot up because of supply and demand and automatically drop the next day. “I'm looking forward to the next day when my Snickers are 75 percent off at Wal-Mart,” they said.
Some people, however, still believe in the holiday–particularly females. Males often say they feel forced to participate. “Potentially it's a lot of pressure to fulfill expectations. The concept is one of giving and receiving but a lot of people have the misconception that the more you spend the more you love,” Askew said.
“It's way too hyped and advertised,” Joelysbeth Valle, a sonography major, said. “You never know what the other person is expecting. Do I go over the top? But what if they only gets me something small? It's just too much to stress over.”
Some couples avoid the Valentine's Day pressure by agreeing not to exchange gifts. “We agreed on no presents. It doesn't mean they love me any less or I love them any less,” Gomez said. “I'd rather just watch movies like any other day.”
Nevertheless, stores will still benefit greatly from this holiday. Elementary school children are still expected to participate in the traditional Valentine's Day parties in class where there will be gift exchanges, candy bags and cookies. Many couples plan special evenings to mark the occasion. “We're still celebrating. We're having a nice dinner and a movie,” Valle said.
Valle said that while it is great to be appreciated on this holiday, “it's stupid. You should show love to your partner every day.”
Gomez agreed but said they won't turn down a present from their sweetheart. “While it's beyond overrated, It's still nice to be a little spoiled every once and a while,” they said.
ANKARA (Sputnik) - The Turkish Armed Forces have killed 74 more militants of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD), the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG), and the Daesh terrorist group (banned in Russia) during the military operation in Syria's northern district of Afrin.
"The Turkish Air Force has hit 15 targets, including hideouts, firing points and weapons depots of PYD, YPG and IS terrorist groups during Operation Olive Branch. The aircraft participating in the operation have successfully returned to their bases. At least 74 terrorists were killed, bringing the total number [of killed militants] since the beginning of the operation to 897," the statement obtained by Sputnik read.
The Turkish General Staff commented on the development of the operation saying that the military advance was ongoing as planned.
Turkey's Olive Branch Operation
Ankara started an offensive with the support of the Free Syrian Army forces in the Syrian Kurdish-dominated city of Afrin on January 20, aiming to protect its borders from what they call a "terrorist army," referring to Kurdish militants groups in the area. The operation dubbed Olive Branch primarily targeting the US-backed YPG, which are considered by Ankara to be affiliates of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), designated as a terrorist organization in Turkey and several other countries.
The Kurdish militants, who vowed to protect the Kurdish population from the Turkish army, continue to fight back: on February 2, six rockets from Afrin hit Turkey's southern provinces of Kilis and Hatay, injuring at least 11 people. A day before, another shelling of the center of Turkish Kilis wounded one civilian.
READ MORE: At Least 11 People Injured in Turkey in Rocket Attack From Afrin — Reports
Commenting on the attacks in the Turkish border cities of Reyhanli and Kilis, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim stated that the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) had killed five Turkish citizens and injured over 100 more since the start of the country's military operation in Syria's Afrin district, firing 82 rockets at Turkish border districts with Syria.
Damascus, for their part, have condemned the operation, calling it an assault on Syria's sovereignty. Moscow has repeatedly urged all the parties to exercise restraint and called for respect for Syria's territorial integrity.
READ MORE: Situation in Syria's Afrin Causes Grave Concern — Russian Foreign Ministry
However, explaining the mission of the offensive, Ankara stressed that it was not aimed against the Syrian government, calling the territorial integrity of Syria its mutual goal with Damascus.
READ MORE: Turkey Launched Afrin Op to Bolster Its Role in Geneva, Sochi Talks — Analyst
Several trademark filings suggest that Mercedes-Benz might be considering revised model names for denoting its latest powertrains. Registrations like this always tricky to take seriously because a company can reserve a name and never use it. However, these titles fit with recent rumors about the automaker's future.
G 73
GLS 73
S 73 GLC 63
GLE 63
GLS 63 CLA 53
GLA 53
GLB 53 CLS 50
GLC 50
GLE 50
GLS 50
SL 50
SLC 50 A 40
CLA 40
GLA 40
GLB 40
GLC 40
GLE 40
SLC 40
Daimler, Mercedes' parent, filed for all of these trademarks in Germany on September 24, 2017, and the country's patent and trademark office published them on December 8, 2017. Auto Guide initially discovered the registrations when the automaker submitted paperwork for most of these names in Canada on January 22, 2018.
Rumors indicate that the 73 moniker will be for a version of Mercedes-AMG's 4.0-liter biturbo V8 with the addition of plug-in hybrid parts that would give the vehicles in excess of 800 horsepower (597 kilowatts) and 738 pound-feet (1,000 Newton-meters) of torque.
Meanwhile the 63 title would reportedly be for an upgraded version of the 4.0-liter biturbo V8 developing 612 hp (456 kW).
The 53 models here present quite a mystery. The CLA, GLA, and future GLB-Class ride on Mercedes' front-wheel-drive-based platform. However, the existing vehicles with this name, e.g. the CLS53, E53 coupe, and E53 convertible, use a transversely mounted 3.0-liter turbocharged straight-six engine with a 48-volt electrical system and small electric motor for a hybrid boost. It's unlikely this setup would fit the FWD models because they use a transverse powertrain layout. Perhaps, Mercedes has a hybrid drivetrain on the way for them.
The 40 and 50 models are a bigger mystery. The recently unveiled A-Class comes as the A 200, A 250, and A 180d, which indicates that Mercedes doesn't plan to use two-digit monikers on the hatchback, despite it having new engines.
Source: European Union Patent and Trademark Office, Auto Guide
In the Timbuktu attack, the mission said five Malian security guards and a Malian contractor working for the mission were killed along with a member of the Malian gendarmerie. It said six U.N. peacekeepers were wounded, two seriously, along with one Malian security guard.
MISHAWAKA, Ind. (AP) - An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
To secure the deal, the state of Indiana is offering the company $3.8 million in tax credits and up to $500,000 for worker training. The state is also offering an additional $653,000 in tax credits through a program that encourages companies to take over existing out-of-operation facilities.
Saint Joseph County, where the factory is located, is also considering an economic incentives package for the company.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb joined company officials for the announcement on Wednesday.
"With a world of options, we're thrilled SF Motors chose to expand in Indiana. We look forward to witnessing their continued success in Indiana as they develop 21st-century solutions with the help of our talented Hoosier workforce," Holcomb said in a statement.
The South Bend Tribune previously reported that the plant made Mercedes-Benz R-Class vehicles for Chinese buyers and the Hummer H2.
In March, SF Motors officials showed off two crossover SUVs vehicles, the SF5 and SF7, at its Santa Clara, California, headquarters. Both vehicles are slated for production at the Indiana factory.
The plant will handle full production of the vehicles, from body welding to battery production and final assembly.
FILE - This Aug. 3, 2012, aerial file photo shows the Olympic Stadium at Olympic Park, in London. A person familiar with the plans tells The Associated Press that Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at Londonâ€™s Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019, the sportâ€™s first regular-season games in Europe. The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Red Sox home games, the person familiar with the planning said. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday, March 19, 2018 because no announcement had been made. (AP Photo/Jeff J Mitchell, File)
FILE - This Aug. 3, 2012, aerial file photo shows the Olympic Stadium at Olympic Park, in London. A person familiar with the plans tells The Associated Press that Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at Londonâ€™s Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019, the sportâ€™s first regular-season games in Europe. The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Red Sox home games, the person familiar with the planning said. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday, March 19, 2018 because no announcement had been made. (AP Photo/Jeff J Mitchell, File)
NEW YORK (AP) - Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at London's Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019, the sport's first regular-season games in Europe.
The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Boston home games, a person familiar with the planning told The Associated Press. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday because no announcement had been made.
"I've never been to London," Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. "So, if that's true, maybe I'm going to London. Anytime you can grow our game, I think that's a pretty cool thing."
Baseball officials have long hoped for games on London and settled last year on Olympic Stadium, which is in its second season as home of West Ham of the Premier League. Because it originally was built for a 400-meter track, it is wider than other large stadiums in the London area and can best accommodate the dimensions of a baseball field.
"This is something the two clubs have discussed for years with MLB and hopefully it will become a reality," Red Sox owner John Henry said in an email to The Associated Press.
MLB chose the June window because it is after the Premier League season and before the stadium must be made available for summer track and field events. MLB hopes to make an announcement within the next two months.
Each player would get $60,000 for participating in the games, according to the collective bargaining agreement.
"I think it would be a lot of fun, to be honest," Yankees first baseman Greg Bird said. "I think the travel would be interesting, how they set that up."
MLB is playing regular-season games in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and Monterrey, Mexico, this year.
Baseball opened its season at Monterrey in 1999 (Colorado vs. San Diego); the Tokyo Dome in 2000 (Chicago Cubs-New York Mets), 2004 (Tampa Bay-Yankees), 2008 (Boston-Oakland) and 2012 (Seattle-Oakland); and at Sydney, Australia in 2014 (Los Angeles Dodgers-Arizona). The collective bargaining agreement had a provision for a 2019 opener in Toyko.
Additional regular-season games were played at Monterrey in 1996 (San Diego-Mets); and at San Juan in 2001 (Toronto-Texas), 2003-04 (a total of 43 Montreal home games) and 2010 (Mets-Florida Marlins).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Hey Flash Fans! It's Richard from Zeus Comics!
This one took me by surprise, fans. As a jaunt into the Thinker's lair goes awry, our Flash Squad lose their few advantages against the thinker in a shocking ending. Which brings me to this week's flashpoints
There they are. No there they aren't!
When Ralph and Barry scour the bus for clues to our final dark matter meta their scanners produce images of Edwin Gauss appearing and disappearing. But thanks to a pocket dimension alert, our heroes suit up to discover Edwin Gauss the folded man who can jump between dimensions! Aha!
Our heroes realize how valuable Gauss would be for the Thinker to absorb. With Gauss' powers Devoe wouldn't need their chair to teleport in and out of own pocket dimension lair
I've Got The Power
Joe West is on the mystery of Harry's obsessive use of their intelligence booster. Intervening when they recognize the same addiction qualities they saw in their wife Francine.
Harry who in fact has been using dark matter in the device thanks to help from season one computer AI Gideon briefly sets the intelligence booster aside when they rough up Cisco looking for the cap.
But when the Devoes raid Star Labs, Harry returns to the cap turning the dark matter meter to 110% causing Harry to tumble to the floor. Unbeknownst to Harry, the Thinker predicted this outcome as the Thinker gathers this excess dark matter to create some form of device to power enlightenment and burn down team Flash.
They all Fall Down
Early back and forth between Ralph and Barry may have given us a glimpse in the ending but it was still a shock. Ralph is the only one of our Flash squad willing to kill Devoe - as they put it to save their friends.
Barry being the hero optimist convinces Ralph otherwise. It's a common theme in comics, that the hero doesn't kill. After Barry stops an attempt by Ralph to get Gauss to take them into Devoe‘s pocket dimension, our heroes riffing off Ralph's idea vote to take the fight to the Thinker not guessing the Thinker has foreseen this outcome.
Flash, Vibe and Killer Frost teleport into Devoe's lab right as Marlize and Izzy Devoe jump into Star Labs to get the remaining metas. It's Joe versus Samuroid, Marlize versus Iris as our non-powered characters get a chance to fight. And it's awesome... that is until Ralph comes face to face with Edwin Gauss now Edwin Devoe.
Around Edwin Devoe, down and dispensed are Null, Melting Pot and Izzy Bowen. Ralph pulls the sonic scepter out which takes down Devoe. But it's not enough to prevent Devoe from escaping their power damping cuffs and taking their final victim Ralph Dibny Elongated Man in full view of Barry.
What a devastating loss. The Elongated Man is a prominent character in the 1980s and 1990s DC Universe. I wasn't expecting to lose him.
With Ralph's malleable form, Clifford Devoe is able to morph into their Clifford visage. Ralph's power set also stabilizes the dark matter effects that were causing Clifford's various bodies to decay. Also of note, while battling Ralph Devoe, Killer Frost loses their powers by the touch Melting Pot power swapping abilities
Ah - but fans, we have one dark matter left.
Remember Fallout from Trial of the Flash? Neil Borman returns as does episode guest star Citizen Cold! With Killer Frost powerless, Cold may be the only person to keep Fallout from going nuclear. Can Fallout be the key to Devoe's defeat? Or is the Flash Squad offering them protection?
Five episodes remain as we race to the end. Its a brand-new Flash "Fury Rogue!"
Photography by Rueben Gonzales
Buy Photo Kids learn how olive oil is handpressed and then light a menorah at a workshop to educate about Hanukkah at the Chabad Center in Naples, Fla., on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. (Photo: Logan Newell/Special to the Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
At the heart of every Hanukkah celebration is the lighting of the menorah.
It's an age-old tradition signaling the start of a joyous eight-day commemoration, the Jewish Festival of Lights, that starts this year at sundown Tuesday and lasts until the evening of Dec. 20.
Hanukkah, or Chanukah, commemorates the victory of the Maccabees over the armies of Syria in 165 B.C.E. and the rededication of the Temple in Jerusalem that followed. The menorah burns fresh olive oil, commemorating the miracle of the small amount of oil that kept the temple's menorah lit.
Celebrations across Southwest Florida this week will include a kindling of the menorah; traditional Jewish treats, including potato pancakes called "latkes" and jelly doughnuts called "sufganiyot"; live music; and other activities open to people of all faiths.
Naples
Community-wide Chanukah event
5-6 p.m. Wednesday on the lawn at Mercato, 9118 Strada Place, North Naples. Hosted by the Jewish Federation of Collier County. Admission is free. Latkes will be available for purchase. jewishnaples.org
Grand Chanukah Festival
5-7 p.m. Thursday at Cambier Park, 755 Eighth Ave. S., in downtown Naples. Hosted by Chabad of Naples and Naples Preschool of the Arts. Admission is free. The 14th annual event will feature a lighting of a 12-foot-tall, glow-in-the-dark menorah by Mayor Bill Barnett, rides, games, crafts, a fire-juggling show and kosher food vendors. chabadnaples.com
Buy Photo Kids learn how olive oil is handpressed at a workshop to about Hanukkah at the Chabad Center in Naples, Fla., on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. (Photo: Logan Newell/Special to the Naples Daily News)
Estero
Chanukah Food & Music Festival
3-5:30 p.m. Sunday at Coconut Point mall, 23106 Fashion Drive, Estero. Hosted by Chabad of Bonita Springs, Estero and FGCU. Crafts and rides will be available for children, and Florida musicians Klezmania Lite and Jewish folk singer Laible Ben will perform. Local chefs and vendors will sell falafel, shawarma, deli sandwiches, matzo ball soup, latkes and doughnuts. Attendees can make their own pickles and take photos at a replica of the ancient Western Wall of Jerusalem. jewishbonita.com
Marco Island
Marco Island Community Chanukah Celebration
5:45 p.m. Sunday at Jewish Congregation of Marco Island, 991 Winterberry Drive, Marco Island. Hosted by the Jewish Congregation of Marco Island and the Jewish Federation of Collier County. Find a candle-lighting ceremony and Chanukah music and treats. marcojcmi.com
Fort Myers
Hanukkah concert, sing-along and dancing
3-4:30 p.m. Sunday at Temple Beth El, 16225 Winkler Road, Fort Myers. Award-winning singer/songwriter Susan Shane-Linder will perform. Doughnuts and beverages will be served. Costs $10 per person, and children 12 and younger are free. templebethel.com
Buy Photo Kids learn how olive oil is handpressed at a workshop about Hanukkah at the Chabad Center in Naples, Fla., on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. (Photo: Logan Newell/Special to the Naples Daily News)
Grand Chanukah Cruise Community Celebration
3:30 p.m. Sunday at 645 Old San Carlos Blvd., Fort Myers. Hosted by Chabad Lubavitch of Southwest Florida and Maimonides Hebrew Day School. Aboard the ship, attendees will enjoy a Chanukah concert, grand menorah lighting, dinner and sushi bar, and crafts and other activities for children. Suggested sponsorship of $75 for person; $50 per child. RSVP: 239-433-7708 or dinner@chabadswf.org. chabadswf.org
Cape Coral
Grand Chanukah Festival & Menorah Lighting
5:45 p.m. Tuesday at Chabad Jewish Center of Cape Coral, 1716 Cape Coral Parkway, Cape Coral. Hosted by Chabad Jewish Center of Cape Coral. Free. A live concert from Yoel Sharabi, master of modern Israeli and Jewish melodies, will begin at 6 p.m. Latkes and doughtnuts are free, and deli sandwiches will be available for purchase. Includes music and dancing, children's crafts, the lighting of the menorah and other activities. chabadcape.com
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/life/faith/2017/12/11/hanukkah-celebrations-begin-tuesday-across-southwest-florida/921182001/
The Pittsburgh Steelers signed first-round pick T.J. Watt to their four-year rookie deal on Wednesday, wrapping up their draft-class signings.
Selected 30th overall in April out of Wisconsin, the 22-year-old outside linebacker becomes the third member of their family in the NFL. They join older brothers J.J. (Houston Texans) and Derek (Los Angeles Chargers).
T.J. Watt was the last of the Steelers' eight draft picks to sign.
"I am a lunch pail kind of guy who yeah, I just got picked in the first round, but I am here to prove that I am worth that pick and I am worth much more than that as well," Watt said earlier this week. "I think some things come easy for me, like the transition over to defense. It came naturally to me, but at the same time there was so much work behind the scenes that no one ever saw. That's what it's so hard to put it into words. It is a lot of God-given ability, but it is so much work that no one will ever see.
"No one will ever know. It's an insurmountable amount of work. That is how you get to places like this and get the opportunity to play for the Pittsburgh Steelers. It all pays off. It really does."
Watt finished the 2016 season at Wisconsin with 17 tackles for a loss and 11.5 sacks, their first as a starter and only their second playing defense after switching from tight end.
"T.J. is a rock solid young man who has a lot of upsides," Steelers coach Mike Tomlin said recently. "He doesn't have a lot of experience at the position, but at the same time we saw some things that were exciting to us. Their hand usage in particular for a guy with their short resume at the position was exciting. Their production speaks for itself. He's just a quality guy and a quality pick for us. We're excited about continuing their development not only as a football player, but as an outside linebacker. That's probably the most exciting element of the T.J. discussion. We are excited about the potential upside and growth given the short length of time he's played the position."
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, right, celebrates scoring their side's second goal of the game with Roberto Firmino against Roma during their Champions League, Semifinal first leg soccer match at Anfield, Liverpool, England, Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Peter Byrne/PA via AP)
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, right, celebrates scoring their side's second goal of the game with Roberto Firmino against Roma during their Champions League, Semifinal first leg soccer match at Anfield, Liverpool, England, Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Peter Byrne/PA via AP)
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) - Mohamed Salah produced two world-class finishes and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to lead Liverpool to a 5-2 win over former club Roma on Tuesday, leaving the English team in sight of the Champions League final.
Salah's display was as exquisite as Roma's defending was naive, with Liverpool scoring all of its goals in a breathtaking 33-minute spell either side of halftime amid a cauldron of noise at Anfield.
The Italian side came back from a 4-1 first-leg loss to Barcelona in the quarterfinals, and consolation goals in the final nine minutes from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti has given them a similar deficit to overcome.
In the latest virtuoso performance of their stunning first season at Liverpool, Salah curled a shot into the top corner in the 36th minute and doubled the lead in the 45th with a dinked finish that is fast becoming their trademark.  They are now on 43 goals for the season in all competitions with potentially five games left.
"Outstanding, pretty much undefendable," Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said of Salah. "He is playing a season that is not normal."
The Egypt forward wasn't finished there, taking advantage of Roma's high defensive line to provide right-wing crosses for Mane and Firmino to score almost identical goals in the 56th and 61st minutes, respectively.
Firmino glanced home a header from James Millner's corner in the 69th to leave Roma's players on the floor - literally in the case of its distressed goalkeeper, Alisson.
Liverpool moved onto 38 goals for this season's competition - 11 more than any other team - but cannot begin preparing for the final in Kiev on May 26 quite yet.
Dzeko chested down a long pass to make it 5-1 in the 81st and when Milner handled a shot from Radja Nainggolan, Perotti converted the penalty in the 89th.
"The tie is not over, we have already proven that against Barcelona," Roma coach Eusebio Di Francesco said. "Whoever doesn't believe in a comeback should stay home. That applies to the fans in the stands as well."
Bayern Munich plays Real Madrid in the other semifinal, with the first leg in Germany on Wednesday.
Roma knows all about Salah, who scored 15 goals and set up 11 more in the second of their two seasons at the Italian club before joining Liverpool for 42 million euros (then $47 million) in June.
He's obliterating those figures at Anfield this season. Their double saw them surge past Cristiano Ronaldo's 42 goals for Manchester United in the 2007-08 season, for example.
Salah won English soccer's Player of the Year award on Sunday. At this rate, the Ballon D'Or could be their next year.
Their first goal came after Dzeko gave up possession cheaply in Liverpool's half. The ball made its way to Salah, who cut inside from the right edge of the penalty area and curled a shot in off the crossbar, near to the post. It couldn't have been placed any better.
If that was a typical Salah finish from their first half of the season, their second goal was a replica of a couple of their recent strikes in the Premier League.
Roberto Firmino timed their through ball perfectly and Salah outpaced Juan Jesus before applying a dinked finish over Alisson, just like they did to eliminate Manchester City in the quarterfinals.
Salah didn't celebrate either of their goals out of respect for their former teammates but they made them suffer by setting up goals for the other members of Liverpool's devastating forward line.
And when Firmino nodded in Liverpool's fifth goal, the semifinal looked over with 110 minutes remaining.
However, Klopp took off Salah in the 75th minute and Roma suddenly began to swarm all over the home side.
A three-goal deficit will not scare Roma's players - just look at what they did to Barcelona in the Stadio Olimpico two weeks ago. Yet, Liverpool failing to score is unlikely on the evidence of this season, particularly the first 69 minutes of this game at Anfield.
"If any of my players think Roma doesn't have enough to come back, they will not play," Klopp said.
___
More AP Champions League soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/ChampionsLeague
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
They explained that kids make fun of their nose and during lunch they pour milk on them and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after they picked them up from school when they told them they were afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be their guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
Dear Ann Cannon • I hold an unusual combination of religious and political views. Hence, I'm sometimes in situations where my friends or family members freely disparage another “tribe” to which I belong. I can only speculate whether they are unaware I'm part of the group they're trashing, or they've just forgotten, or it's their passive-aggressive way of letting me know what they really think of me and my ilk. Is there anything I could or should say in such situations, or should I stick to my usual strategy of silently seething?
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
Louisiana cost nears $108K in claims against ex-Edwards aide
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Louisiana spent nearly $108,000 to respond to claims that a former top aide to Gov. John Bel Edwards sexually harassed a woman when they worked together in the governor's office.
Settlement documents released in March showed Louisiana agreed to pay $85,000 to end the legal allegations against Johnny Anderson by a former state employee.
On top of that, NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune reported Tuesday the state also paid nearly $23,000 to Baton Rouge attorney Vickie Crochet, who was hired to investigate and respond to the allegations against Anderson.
Jacques Berry, spokesperson for the Louisiana Division of Administration, provided the amount spent on Crochet's services.
Anderson left their position as deputy chief of staff in November after the accusations were lodged. They denied wrongdoing and continued to refute the allegations in the settlement.
___
Information from: The Times-Picayune, http://www.nola.com
Hartpury head coach Mark Cornwell was able to take plenty of positives from the club's first ever meeting with Premiership opposition.
The college side, who have made a rapid rise to the Greene King IPA Championship, started their pre-season campaign with a 55-21 defeat to a strong Worcester Warriors side containing stars such as former British and Irish Lion Donncha O'Callaghan, Irish veteran Peter Stringer and South African Wynand Olivier at Sixways on Saturday.
With just over 30 minutes remaining, Hartpury trailed 19-14 and Mat Gilbert was held up on the line towards the end of the first half.
Josh Adams, Tom Heathcote and Pierce Phillips scored Worcester's first half tries with new signing Ed Sheldon replying for Hartpury and Elias Caven pulling them to within five points early in the second half.
However, Worcester ran out comfortable winners in the end with Matti Williams and Dean Hammond scoring two tries apiece, with one for Tom Howe, while fly-half James Williams scored Hartpury's consolation.
“It was a good first half which is what we were really basing it on because at half-time we made a fair few changes,” said Cornwell.
“We were very physical, which we need to be, our organisation was very good and our set piece withstood the test so they were the three positives to take out of the game.
“They were physically a lot larger than us but the boys stood up to it so I was happy with our physicality and defence.
“We have been training since June 12 so it's a very long pre-season with an extra six weeks and a lot of that was based around fitness levels. We knew we had to get fitter than last season and we could see the difference.
“That was a major improvement and the boys were keen to get out there to put in place what we've been working on.”
Hartpury fielded 12 new arrivals in their large squad and Cornwell was pleased with how they showed up.
“The experience of Dan Murphy and Rupert Harden around the set piece was key to our scrum standing up, which was a big area I was looking at,” they said.
“BJ Edwards went very well at lock, Darrel Dyer was good, James Williams at 10, they all did very well as a starting point.
“Overall we gained a lot out of it and we were happy.”
Hartpury open their Championship campaign away to big-spending title favourites Bristol on September 3 and Cornwell felt the game against Worcester was a good test for that.
They said: “I hope we are a team that will meet that challenge and not be daunted by it.
“I think Worcester were surprised by the resistance we put up.
“We will build up for that game and hopefully stand up and not disappear under the hype of how good Bristol are so we can feed off that.”
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- Jeremy Maclin wore No. 18 at their first practice with the Ravens.
Their usual No. 19 is reserved in Baltimore to honor the great Johnny Unitas.
Maclin, however, is hoping they too can have a lasting legacy for the city.
"This is a team that can definitely win and can definitely build something special," Maclin said. "Baltimore made the most sense from a football standpoint, a comfort standpoint and a personal standpoint. It's an organization that I've always had respect for from afar."
Maclin was released by Kansas City on June 2 after just two seasons. They were surprised about the decision, which led to them landing in Baltimore with a two-year deal.
"Of course it hurt a little bit, just kind of how it went down and it being so unexpected," Maclin said about being cut by the Chiefs. "But at the same time it's a business. You understand how things work. So there was only one choice but to pull it together and get things back on track."
Maclin will get opportunities to make plays in the Ravens' offense, which likes to strike quickly downfield.  They are a strong route-runner who has the ability to turn screens into large gains and has the speed to get behind an opposing secondary.
"He can have a big impact," Ravens head coach John Harbaugh said. "He is a proven player. They know how to play. They know how to be effective in this specific passing game, which is a big plus. I expect them to be a great player."
Maclin, a first-round pick by the Eagles in 2009, caught 44 passes for 536 yards with two touchdowns over 12 games with the Chiefs last season. Entering their ninth NFL season, Maclin has posted 474 receptions for 6,395 yards and 46 touchdowns in 102 career games (100 starts).
With Mike Wallace and Breshad Perriman in the fold, Baltimore now has three receivers capable of creating matchup problems. The challenge will be for strong-armed quarterback Joe Flacco to get them the ball.
"The man is a fantastic player and a fantastic person," Ravens offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg said. "He, along with the players that we have, I think that will be just an outstanding mix."
The city of Baltimore is already excited about Maclin's potential impact. Jimmy's Famous Seafood, a local restaurant, promised Maclin free crab cakes for life if they signed with the Ravens.
--The Ravens got a scare when receiver Breshad Perriman laid on the ground after diving for a pass downfield. Perriman missed their entire rookie season with a knee injury and also had some knee issues during last year's OTAs. That's why there were initial concerns, but Perriman only had the wind knocked out of him.
"He's good," fellow receiver Mike Wallace reported after practice. "He's a tough guy. That's what I asked them when I see him. I said, 'You tough, right?' They said they were good, so I'm going to take their word for it."
Perriman has been one of the team's best players throughout the OTAs. Last year, they caught 33 passes for 499 yards with three touchdowns and showed some of the explosiveness that made them a first-round pick (26th overall) in 2015.
Ravens guard Marshal Yanda is still recovering from offseason shoulder surgery. The six time-Pro Bowler has shown in the past that the time off during OTAs and some training camp is beneficial. Yanda plans to be fully ready for the regular-season opener Sept. 10 in Cincinnati.
"I'll be working out hard every day, and I'll be ready to go," said Yanda, who is entering their 11th season. "I can just tell you, Week 1, I'll be out there."
Yanda missed three games last season because of the injured shoulder. Without Yanda in the lineup, the Ravens struggled to protect quarterback Joe Flacco and failed to develop an effective running game.
Upon their return, Yanda seamlessly moved from right guard to left guard after rookie Alex Lewis suffered an ankle injury. Despite moving to the new position, Yanda earned another trip to the Pro Bowl, but declined the invitation because of the shoulder. Yanda also had shoulder surgery after the Ravens won the Super Bowl in the 2012.
“Apple and Aetna held a series of secret discussions last week to bring Apple's health and fitness-tracking smartwatch to millions more people connected to Aetna, according to three people familiar with the matter,” Christina Farr and Jeffrey McCracken report for CNBC.
“The insurer, which covers 23 million, offers an Apple Watch to its 50,000 employees as part of its corporate wellness program,” Farr and McCracken report. “Now, Aetna is negotiating with Apple on a plan to offer a free or discounted Apple Watch, Apple's wearable device, as a perk to its members… One of the people said Aetna's proposed timeline is slated for early next year.”
“The move by Aetna is part of its push to increase customer interest in a healthier lifestyle and a better tracking of diet, said one of the people,” Farr and McCracken report. “The move could be a boon in sales for Apple Watch, which now offers health and fitness-tracking as its primary usage. Apple Watch recently overtook Fitbit as the top-selling wearable tracker, with shipments reaching 22 million for the first three months of 2017, according to research firm Strategy Analytics.”
Read more in the full article here.
By: Evan Jankens
@kingofthekc
I believe there are three professional wrestlers that everyone has at least heard of, Hulk Hogan, “Stone Cold” Steve Austin and Ric Flair.
Just this past weekend if you watched any coverage of the PGA Championship then you say “The Nature Boy” kick off the coverage.
There is a report from TMZ.com that Flair has been hospitalized and their reps are saying, “We need your prayers, positive energy, and well wishes for our Living Legend as they are dealing with some tough medical issues.”
Flair was originally hospitalized over the weekend and their talent agency said it was just “routine monitoring” and people had “no reason to panic.”
Lecacy Talent Agency retweeted the following:
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Flair is the subject of the new ESPN 30 for 30 which is set to air on November 7.
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi listens to the opening speech at the Leaders Plenary during ASEAN-Australia Special Summit, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Sydney, Australia. It is the first time Australia has hosted the summit with ASEAN leaders in Australia. (Mark Metcalfe/Pool via AP)
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi listens to the opening speech at the Leaders Plenary during ASEAN-Australia Special Summit, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Sydney, Australia. It is the first time Australia has hosted the summit with ASEAN leaders in Australia. (Mark Metcalfe/Pool via AP)
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's was feted in Australia on Monday with a military honor guard and 19-gun salute as part of a state visit that has provoked protests over their response to their country's violent campaign against Rohingya Muslims.
Suu Kyi arrived in Sydney over the weekend for a summit of Southeast Asian leaders and their state visit officially began Monday as they were welcomed to Parliament House in Canberra. Them visit comes as they face international criticism over what has become Asia's worst refugee crisis in decades.
More than 700,000 Rohingya have fled from Buddhist-majority Myanmar to neighboring Bangladesh since August, when the military responded to insurgent attacks on police with a clearance operation that the UN has described as ethnic cleansing. The campaign has included the burning of Rohingya villages, systematic rape, shootings and other rights violations.
There was no press conference with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull or any public comment from Suu Kyi during their brief visit to the national capital on Monday. They had meetings with the prime minister and opposition leader.
Turnbull said Sunday that Suu Kyi had used the weekend summit to seek humanitarian help from their fellow members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and Australia to deal with the crisis.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak told the summit the refugee crisis was no longer solely a domestic issue for Myanmar, as fleeing Rohingya could be prime targets for terrorist radicalization.
Myanmar staunchly denies that its security forces have targeted Rohingya civilians and Suu Kyi has bristled at the international criticism.
But Myanmar's denials have appeared increasingly tenuous as horrific accounts from refugees have accumulated and satellite imagery and other evidence of destroyed Rohingya villages have been assembled.
The Associated Press last month documented through video and witness accounts at least five mass graves of Rohingya civilians. Witnesses said the military used acid to erase the identity of victims. The government denied it, maintaining that only "terrorists" were killed and then "carefully buried."
Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace laureate, was a longtime political prisoner of Myanmar's former junta and frequently called for international intervention in their country during their almost 15 years under house arrest. They were released in 2010 and last visited Canberra in 2013 on an Australian tour, before they were allowed to stand for an election that their party eventually won in a landslide.
Then-Prime Minister Tony Abbott described them as an "icon of democracy" as they stood by their side at a joint press conference. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Suu Kyi had inspired them to enter politics.
Suu Kyi's global image has since taken a battering. They have seen several international honors they were given in the past revoked. Several fellow peace prize winners have publicly condemned them
Though Suu Kyi has been the de facto head of Myanmar's civilian government since their party took power, they are limited in their control of the country by a constitution written by the outgoing junta. The military has effective veto power over all legislation and controls key ministries including those overseeing security and defense.
The military is in charge of operations involving the Rohingya and ending them is not up to Suu Kyi.
Yet even when Suu Kyi has spoken on the issue, they have drawn criticism. In a September speech, their first public comments on the crisis, they asked for patience from the international community and suggested the refugees were partly responsible.
Suu Kyi faces a potential domestic backlash if they speak on behalf of the Rohingya, who have been the target of anti-Muslim rhetoric. Many people agree with the official government stance that there is no such ethnicity as Rohingya and that those in the country have illegally migrated from Bangladesh.
Myanmar's backers globally have also had to tread carefully, not wanting to undermine Suu Kyi's weak civilian government at a time when the country is just emerging from decades of authoritarian rule.
Unlike the United Nations, United States and Britain, Australia has not accused Myanmar of "ethnic cleansing" or "crimes against humanity."
But Australia did support a United Nations resolution in December condemning the "very likely commission of crimes against humanity" by Myanmar security forces against Rohingya.
Human rights groups have criticized Australia for maintaining its limited military engagement with Myanmar. Australia provides English-language lessons and training courses to Myanmar officers to "promote professionalism and adherence to international laws," according to the defense department.
But Australia maintains a long-standing arms embargo with Myanmar.
Gran Turismo Sport boasts one of the most extensive vehicle selections of any modern racing game. It's no Forza Motorsport 7, granted, with its more than 700 vehicles – but with 162 cars and trucks to choose from at launch, and regular updates, GT is quickly closing the gap. The most recent update now adds a handful of enticing new vehicle options, both modern and classic.
These nine new cars will be added as part of update 1.19. Six of them are road cars (if you count the Clio Trophy as a road car), and three are legendary Group C racers from Jaguar, Mercedes, and Nissan. Model years range from as early as 1967, all the way up to 2016:
1968 Fiat 500 F
1988 Jaguar XJR-9
1967 Lamborghini Miura P400 Bertone Prototype
1989 Sauber Mercedes C9
1996 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution IV GSR
1992 Nissan R92CP
2011 Renault Sport Megane Trophy
2016 Renault Sport Clio R.S. 220 EDC Trophy
2015 Subaru BRZ S
Along with the nine new vehicles asupervisorstioned, the update will also include a few new challenges, like the World Hatchback Championship and the Lamborghini Cup, as well as added scenery to the Porsche section. But most importantly, there's a new track.
The Circuit de la Sarthe, which is home to the world-famous 24 Hours of Le Mans race, is now available to all GT gamers. The virtual version stretches out to 13,629 meters, features 37.3 meters of elevation change, and has 38 turns, just like the real thing. That means you could theoretically take the new 1968 Fiat 500 for a spin on the legendary track… though one of the Group C racers might make more sense.
Polyphony promises even more updates to the game in coming months, including new cars, tracks, and features. So stay tuned.
Source: Gran-Turismo.com
FOREST — The February term of Scott County Circuit Court is underway and officials have released one of the first sentencing reports with a defendant receiving 30 years in prison.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available for as low as $2.50 per month and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The Scott County Times.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/18kgmLO
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bit.ly/1FanGor
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement
1:02 John Latina works with USC offensive linemen
1:18 Four dead in murder-suicide in Lexington County
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
Do you have a sweet tooth? If so The Mars Wrigley company has a position for you! The company posted a job opening looking for applicants for their "World's Sweetest Internship" in Chicago.
The posting says it's looking for a Confectionery Connoisseur. "You will hone your candy acumen, visiting nearby manufacturing sites to see how our products are made and sampling a wide spectrum of chocolate, gum, and confections – including flavors that haven't yet reached the public and brand varieties that are offered in 140 countries around the world."
To be qualified for this position you must be 21 or over to apply. Strong writing and communication skills across a range of technical audiences. Photo/video editing and production skills. And the ability to distinguish all five fruity flavor from the Skittles rainbow in a blind taste-test.
If accepted for this job you WILL be paid and will include a year's worth of candy as a signing bonus. For more details on the sweet gig, go to career5.successfactors.eu.
See Also:
Staff writer Mensah M. Dean joined the enterprise team in January 2016. Since 1997, they have worked for the Daily News, covering a number of beats including, education, welfare reform, criminal courts and City Hall. They began their career at the Washington Times, where they won a handful of regional journalism awards.
In front of George Smith Towing, Meredith Cohen describes how their car was illegally towed last fall. JAMES BLOCKER / Staff Photographer
Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro on Monday said a Philadelphia towing company had agreed to repay 28 people whose cars it illegally towed.
At a news conference, Shapiro said an investigation by the Bureau of Consumer Protection found that the drivers had their cars illegally towed by the George Smith towing company from various locations in the city, each having to pay $205 to get their cars back. The actions violated the state's Unfair Trade Practices and Consumer Protection Law, the Towing and Towing Storage Facility Standards Act, and Philadelphia's towing ordinance.
Under a settlement, Shapiro said, the company and its owner, Anthony D'Angelo, agreed to pay $5,756 in restitution to the 28 victims, $5,000 in civil damages, and $3,000 for the cost of the investigation.
“Parking in the city is hard enough without the threat of your car being illegally towed,” Shapiro said. “This settlement is about protecting consumers from illegal conduct — and getting them restitution.”
One such victim, Meredith Cohen, 20, described their experience as they stood alongside Shapiro in front of the company on 61st Street in Southwest Philadelphia. Cohen, a Temple University student, said their Volkswagen Jetta had been parked in a lot for 10 minutes on North Broad Street near Cecil B. Moore Avenue last October when they returned to find it gone.
“I did not see any signs warning consumers about the risk of being towed, and when I attempted to retrieve my car from George Smith Towing, my boyfriend and I were treated horribly by the workers,” Cohen said. “The workers informed me that they were going to hold my car for days because I called the police.”
Shapiro said Cohen “represents Philadelphians who get scammed each and every day, who we go to bat for.” They said that under the settlement, the company agreed that it would not violate the law in the future.
When questioned by reporters why company officials were not charged or had their licenses revoked, Shapiro said the investigation did not find evidence to support criminal charges.
“What we found was they violated the civil laws,” they said. “We are holding them accountable as part of the settlement: getting everyone their money back, making sure that those civil penalties are paid.”
They said this settlement could lead their office to uncover other “tow scams” as a result of victims' contacting their office at 1-800-441-2555 or scams@attorneygeneral.gov. Complaints can also be sent to www.attorneygeneral.gov/submit-a-complaint. The deadline to file a complaint against Smith Towing is April 29, they said.
A Smith employee who watched the news conference from the building declined to comment. A woman who answered the phone at the company also said it would have no comment.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — There is plenty of time to talk Xs and Os with the Tennessee Volunteers Basketball Team this season.
At media day on Thursday, the WATE 6 Sports Team wanted to get to know players. Here are the questions begging for answers.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Nico Hülkenberg has said that they hope to continue their run of points-scoring finishes at the Silverstone International Circuit this weekend.
Hülkenberg has managed a top ten finish in every British Grand Prix he's competed in bar 2012, when they finished ninth for the Sahara Force India F1 Team. Last year the German managed sixth, taking advantage of Sebastian Vettel‘s late puncture to move up the order.
In regards to their penchant for points at the home of the British Grand Prix, the Renault Sport Formula 1 Team driver explained that the high-speed nature of Silverstone suits their driving style.
“Silverstone is a track that suits my driving style,” Hülkenberg said. “Big, high-speed corners, a lot of downforce, which requires a bit of grit to get the most out of the car.
“It's definitely encouraging to have a good record at Silverstone – five-points scoring finishes in a row there – so let's get to work and aim to make it six this weekend.
It's an awesome circuit, purely because it's very high-speed. The old corner combinations of Maggots, Becketts and Chapel are really cool and especially quick in the modern Formula 1 car.
“You can really feel the forces, and it's a tough, physical challenge,” they continued.
“Striking a good, high-speed balance is important to extract the most performance. Silverstone is a good, challenging, physical lap but satisfying when you nail it.”
The German affirmed their desire to perform well at the last event in Formula 1‘s premier triple-header, as it marks Renault's effective second home race. Hülkenberg's sixth place in the 2017 race mirrored their qualifying efforts in a wet/dry session and, after being outqualified by team-mate Carlos Sainz Jr. for the fourth time in five races, they are hoping to bounce back from an Austrian Grand Prix filled with “frustration”.
For the first time since the 2017 Mexican Grand Prix, Renault failed to score points at a race – Hülkenberg retired with a spectacular turbo failure early in the race and an untidy pitstop saw Sainz Jr. fall out of the points – only able to salvage twelfth place.
“We have an immediate opportunity to return to the points after the frustration of Austria,” they added. “It's been a busy few weeks but I'm targeting a bright result to finish off this busy period on a good note.
“Great Britain is one of the historic Grands Prix. You get a sense of the roots of car racing there. The atmosphere is always special too, and that gives you a buzz. The grandstands are packed out throughout the weekend and it's always great to see that.
“It's the second home race for the team, so that carries extra meaning and significance. We enjoyed a bright result there last year – my best qualifying and joint-best result.”
Hülkenberg's pointless weekend in Austria, alongside Kevin Magnussen and Fernando Alonso‘s top ten finishes, saw them relegated to ninth in the Drivers' Championship; with Renault now coming under pressure from the Haas F1 Team for fourth spot.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — One of the two men charged in association with the robbery of two Dillons stores back in October of 2015 was scheduled for sentencing Friday, but delayed by Judge Tim Chambers after it appeared Majesty Wade may be having second thoughts about entering a plea in the case.
They had entered a plea to one count of robbery. Two other counts against the 23-year-old were dismissed as part of a plea agreement.
The issue could be their criminal history score and what it could be if a drug case in Harvey County is included.
Judge Chambers decided to set a special setting in this case so they can consider whether they will allow Wade to withdraw their plea.
Wade was arrested in association with the holdup of two Dillons stores in Hutchinson. They wore a Halloween mask and removed money from the stores by force. The first robbery was at the North Main Dillons where they acted alone. The second happened at the East 4th Avenue store and involved a co-defendant, 19-year-old D'Angelo Williams of Manhattan.
No date was mentioned for the special setting in the case.
Photo: AFP
France's statistics agency hiked Thursday its forecast for economic growth this year to 1.8 percent, which would be the fastest expansion in six years.
The increase, by two tenths of a percentage point, brings Insee's forecast into line with the latest predictions made by ministers.
Insee now expects the French economy to expand by 0.5 percent quarter-on-quarter in both the third and fourth quarters.
With the French economy having expanded at around a tepid 1.0 percent rate in recent years, an acceleration to 1.8 percent growth would represent a considerable improvement.
Business surveys have shown a new sense of optimism in the French economy since the election of Emmanuel Macron as president in June, and their government has pushed through a labour reform which it hopes will spur further activity.
Insee sees business investment accelerating to a 3.9 increase this year, from 3.4 percent in 2016.
Households are also expected to increase their investments by 5 percent this year, the highest rate since 2006.
An improvement in the growth rate to 1.8 percent will also be welcomed by the government as it will make it easier to meet its pledge to Brussels to squeeze the nation's public deficit under the EU limit of 3.0 percent this year.
The objective is 2.9 percent.
Rhett Ingram flew this Confederate flag on the antenna of their truck on Confederate Memorial Day while picking up their son and daughter from Heathwood Hall Episcopal School. After several incidents, they said they were told they couldn't come on campus with the flag. The school said it has a duty to protect the learning environment. 10/6/17 Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com
"Italy wants to act as a mediator [when it comes to lifting anti-Russian sanctions] since Trump is a newcomer in the political arena. This is something that Rome has already done," they said. "The government of former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi made it clear that it was discontent with sanctions. [Restrictive measures imposed on Moscow] are costly and inefficient. Russia has coolly charted its own course."
Italian leadership has long voiced concern over the sanctions, saying that they have badly affected relations between local businesses and their partners in Russia. In October, the European Union failed to impose additional restrictive measures on Moscow due to Italy's firm opposition.
Scaglione further said that Italy is capable of doing much amid uncertainty. They were specifically referring to the fact that the country assumed presidency over the Group of 7 (G7) on January 1, 2017.
Thanks @JapanGov 🇯🇵 for your great job! Now it's 🇮🇹 Italy's turn to lead the #G7. Keep on following @G7 for updates and materials. — G7 Italy 2017 (@g7) 1 января 2017 г.
​Italy will use the G7 presidency to improve relations with Russia, Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said during their end-of-year press conference at the Palazzo Chigi in Rome on December 29. The relationship between Russia and Europe was damaged when the United States and the European Union slapped sanctions on Moscow, citing the country's supposed meddling in the Ukrainian affairs.
Scaglione noted that the upcoming G7 summit, which is scheduled to take place in the Italian city of Taormina on May 26-27, will be unlike the preceding summits.
"This will be the first meeting of the member countries which will provide an opportunity to assess capabilities, ideas and specific decisions of Donald Trump who by that time will have been in office for months. British Prime Minister Theresa May, the leader of the country which decided to leave the EU, as well as the new president of France will also be present," they explained.
The journalist also mentioned that Rome has to tackle domestic challenges if it wants to play a more prominent role in the world.
"First of all, things need to settle down in Italy. If the Gentiloni government position itself as a temporary government which has to fulfil three or four tasks and prepare the country to elections, it will hardly be taken seriously by its foreign partners," they said.
In December, Italy's former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resigned after more than 59 percent of Italians had rejected a major constitutional reform initiative they championed.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Win Tickets to Love Never Dies at PPAC, December 26th through the 31st! Watch Good Morning Providence Tuesday December 12th through Monday December 18th and listen for the daily trivia question. Each day one lucky winner will be selected at random from all correct answers to win 2 tickets to the show. The Odds of winning depend on the number of correct entries.
Love Never Dies is a dazzling new production, which takes audiences on a thrilling rollercoaster ride of intrigue, obsession and romance. Be seduced by the beautiful; sometimes magical and poetic; sometimes joyful; and occasionally melancholic score. Don't miss this magnificent continuation of one of the world's greatest love stories as it makes its premiere in Providence. This production played to critical acclaim throughout Australia and New Zealand and is described by Chris Boyd in The Australian as “The best thing Lloyd Webber has written in the quarter century since The Phantom of the Opera.” Andrew Lloyd Webber describes the production as, “Probably the finest one I could ever, ever hope for.”
Contest Official Rules
No purchase necessary.
Contest is void where prohibited.
Contest is open only to residents of Southern New England living within the ABC6 – WLNE-TV viewing area
The contest starts on 12/12/17 and ends 12/18/17.
Here's How to Enter:
Enter the form provided with your name, email address, street address and telephone number
Prize:
Daily winners will be selected at random from all entries. There will be 5 daily winners.
Winners will be notified by email and phone
Prize Value: $120.00 but has no cash exchange value.
Odds of Winning: The odds of winning the prize depend on the number of entries received.
Eligibility:
Only one winner per household in a 90 day period for all contests held on abc6.com. Entrants must live within the ABC6 WLNE-TV viewing area
Employees, members of employees immediate family, of ABC6 WLNE-TV, agents of any sponsor and their respective members, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors,members of competing media, as well as associated advertising and promotional agencies are not eligible to participate.
Acceptance of the prize(s) shall be considered winner's consent of having winner's name, likeness, and voice used (with further compensation) for advertising and promotional purposes. All winners by acceptance of prize, agree to release all sponsors, employ affiliates from any and all liability, claims, or actions of any kind whatsoever from injuries, damages, or loss to persons and property which may be sustained in connection with the receipt, entry for, or use of any prize. All taxes,assessments, fee and costs resulting from acceptance or use of any prize shall be the sole responsibility of the winner. Prizes are non-redeemable for cash and non-transferable.
Sponsor: PPAC
For the first time in two years online streaming giant, Netflix, has raised its monthly subscription prices for UK customers.
The monthly cost of a basic will remain at £5.99, however, standard and premium membership prices are set to rise.
Standard membership will jump from £7.49 to £7.99 a month, and Premium membership set to rise from £8.99 to £9.99 for users.
New subscribers to Netflix will immediately pay the new rates whereas existing customers will see price increases from 19 October and be given 30 days notice of the change
New content for 2018
The online streaming service, which currently has 104 million subscribers globally, will also be raising rates for the US, France and Germany this year.
Netflix has released a statement regarding the price hikes:
“From time to time, Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies, introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster."
Netflix is set to provide more original content in 2018 and already has a budget of $6 billion for new productions.
The new money generated from the subscription price rises is expected to contribute towards the production of new original content.
Limerick 0
Shamrock Rovers 1
TEN-MAN SHAMROCK ROVERS claimed their first away points of the season thanks to Graham Burke's penalty fifteen minutes from time against Limerick.
Shaun Kelly fouled Ronan Finn as they surged into the penalty area, allowing Burke to send Clarke the wrong way from the spot, before Sean Kavanagh was issued with a straight red card for a kick on Billy Dennehy.
Stephen Bradley opted to make three changes from the side who got the better of Dublin rivals St. Pat's on Friday, with Sam Bone, Gary Shaw and local Limerick winger Joel Coustrain coming into the XI.
Coustrain went on trial with the Blues towards the end of last season, but they opted not to sign him. They were offered a deal by the Hoops last month and was keen to get one over on the club that turned them down.
Limerick were dealing with somewhat of an injury crisis with six senior pros facing a spell on a sideline as well as Shane Tracy being unavailable due to their stag do. The Blues' bench, which numbered only six, featured five U19 graduates as well as recent signing Jeff McGowan, who returned to Ireland following a spell at Barnsley.
The first half made for dour viewing, with long throws the primary source of Limerick's attacking threat. A whistle-happy Graham Kelly awarded the Hoops three free-kicks on the edge of the box, but a combination of Graham Burke and Sean Kavanagh wasted those rare opportunities.
The sides hadn't played out a nil-all draw since 1992, but it seemed the most likely outcome at half-time, despite the Hoops having gone eighteen months without a draw away from Tallaght Stadium in the league.
After a dour opening half, the breakthrough unsurprisingly came from a dead ball situation after Kelly took out Ronan Finn in the penalty area. Graham Burke slammed the penalty in the bottom corner before wheeling away in celebration.
Sean Kavanagh kicked out at Billy Dennehy five minutes from time and was sent-off but the Hoops hung on the climb to second in the SSE Airtricity League Premier Division.
LIMERICK: Brendan Clarke; Shaun Kelly (Jeff McGowan, 79), Tony Whitehead (Adam Foley, 87), Killian Brouder, Billy Dennehy; Cian Coleman, Kilian Cantwell; William Fitzgerald, Shane Duggan, Henry Cameron (Karl O'Sullivan, 63); Connor Ellis.
SHAMROCK ROVERS: Tomer Chencinski; Ethan Boyle, Roberto Lopes, Lee Grace, Trevor Clarke; Ronan Finn, Sam Bone; Joel Coustrain (Brandon Miele, 73), Graham Burke (Luke Byrne, 87), Sean Kavanagh; Gary Shaw (Dan Carr, 64).
Referee: Graham Kelly (Cork)
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through their hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
They and their soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; they moved out two years ago and their husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," they said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," they said.
With the couple splitting up, they can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and their husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – The bluegrass music super-duo of Jamie Dailey and Darrin Vincent has been invited to become official members of the Grand Ole Opry.
Dailey & Vincent are three time-winners of the International Bluegrass Music Association's Entertainer of the Year award and three-time Grammy nominees as a duo. They will be formally inducted into the Opry on March 11.
Marking their 10th year as a duo, Dailey & Vincent have made 100 appearances at the Opry, including a performance on Friday night.
During the show, Opry member Marty Stuart invited the duo to join the Opry. Dailey said the invitation is “one of the most special things that has ever happened to us.”
FLINT, Mich. (AP) — A Michigan official testified Friday that they told Gov. Rick Snyder about a deadly Legionnaires' disease outbreak in the Flint area late in 2015, contradicting the governor who has repeatedly insisted that they didn't learn about it until some weeks later in 2016.
Harvey Hollins, who was coordinating the state's response to the Flint water crisis, said they asked Snyder by phone in December 2015 if they were aware of the outbreak, which some experts have linked to the city's poor water quality.
“He was not aware of that,” said Hollins, a Snyder appointee.
The governor, however, told Congress and the public that they were in the dark until Nick Lyon, their state health director, informed them in January 2016. They held a news conference and announced the outbreak.
The issue emerged as Hollins testified at a court hearing involving Lyon, head of the Department of Health and Human Services. Lyon is charged with involuntary manslaughter in one man's death and misconduct in office. Prosecutors say they failed to alert the public quickly about Legionnaires'.
A judge must decide whether to send Lyon to trial. It's not clear how Hollins' testimony about the governor would help persuade Judge David Goggins. The hearing resumes on Nov. 1.
“I needed to show probable cause in this case and that's what I'm going to (do), about what happened and what failed to happen,” special prosecutor Todd Flood said after the hearing.
Snyder's spokesperson, Anna Heaton, declined to comment. U.S. Rep. Dan Kildee, a Democrat from the Flint area, said they want a House committee to re-examine the governor's Capitol Hill testimony from 2016 about the timeline.
Earlier Friday, a pediatrician who was a member of a state task force on Flint water said Lyon was “glib” and “dismissive” when they asked them about Legionnaires'.
“With about 35 years of experience, you get a feeling for when you're getting the whole story, part of the story or a variation thereof,” Dr. Lawrence Reynolds testified.
Fifteen people have been charged in the investigation of how Flint's water system became poisoned after the city used the Flint River for 18 months. The water wasn't treated to reduce corrosion. As a result, lead leached from old pipes.
Nearly 100 Legionnaires' cases, including 12 deaths, were also detected while Flint was using the river in 2014-15. Legionnaires' is a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria, called legionella, that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto's gay village.
"We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found," police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said.
1:23
Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward?
SHARE COPY LINK Columbia Chief Holbrook and Richland Sheriff Lott are focusing on prolific gun crime offenders to get firearms off the streets of Columbia. Tim Dominick
Columbia Chief Holbrook and Richland Sheriff Lott are focusing on prolific gun crime offenders to get firearms off the streets of Columbia. Tim Dominick
Cape Town - An elderly couple, their daughter and grandchild say they are lucky to be alive after being held up by armed robbers for the sixth time at their home.
In the past week, there have been two other attacks on people living on farms in Schaapkraal, Philippi.
Gerda, 71, and their husband, Harry Brandt, 69, have been farming in Weltevreden Road since 2009, and the family have survived five attacks in which they were tied up, gagged and gunpointed.
The couple now trade in cement blocks, as they are forced to stop growing vegetables due to the drought.
On Friday, a robber broke the window of their daughter's living quarters and threatened them with a gun while their 14-year-old daughter lay asleep.
Gerda says their daughter's frantic screams woke them up, but the mom and teen managed to escape.
“The man told my daughter to shut up or they are going to shoot her,” they say.
“But as they made it to our side of the house, we blocked it off with a kitchen table and chairs, praying the robbers don't come this side.
“They ransacked the place, taking all their electrical equipment.”
Picture: Jack Lestrade/ANA
Pointing to a new wall where the window used to be, Gerda says the robbers fled when police arrived.
“They must have been two. When the police came they made a run for it with everything.”
However, the family says despite this latest robbery, they won't be “victimised” into leaving the farm.
“We are renting here and we will not leave the land, we work hard for everything we have,” Harry says.
They say the robbers returned on Saturday and Sunday.
The couple have nine dogs and believe something was used to knock the dogs out.
“At 12am on Saturday, we heard someone at the garage but they couldn't get inside and we saw the same takkie prints as before. The Sunday morning the same story,” adds Harry.
Police spokesperson Sinathi Joni says a case of house robbery has been opened for investigation and no arrests have been made.
Last week, an 80-year-old woman survived a robbery at their home at Boshoff Nursery in Kraal Road. The robbers fled with a safe.
Daily Voice
(CNN) -- High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence, multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN.
President-elect Trump and then-President Barack Obama were both briefed on details of the extensive communications between suspected Russian operatives and people associated with the Trump campaign and the Trump business, according to US officials familiar with the matter.
Both the frequency of the communications during early summer and the proximity to Trump of those involved "raised a red flag" with US intelligence and law enforcement, according to these officials. The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to US intelligence.
Among several senior Trump advisers regularly communicating with Russian nationals were then-campaign manager Paul Manafort and then-adviser Michael Flynn.
Officials emphasized that communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments are not unusual. However, these communications stood out to investigators due to the frequency and the level of the Trump advisers involved. Investigators have not reached a judgment on the intent of those conversations.
Adding to US investigators' concerns were intercepted communications between Russian officials before and after the election discussing their belief that they had special access to Trump, two law enforcement officials tell CNN. These officials cautioned the Russians could have been exaggerating their access.
CNN has reached out to the White House, Flynn and Manafort for comment.
Manafort dismissed the account to The New York Times, which published a similar story Tuesday night.
"I have no idea what this is referring to. I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today," Manafort said to the paper.
The extensive contacts drew concerns of US intelligence and law enforcement officials in part because it came at a time of Russian cyberactivities targeting mostly Democratic Party political organizations.
Post-election intelligence briefings on Russian meddling in the US elections included details of those communications, which included people involved in Trump's businesses.
The communications were gathered as part of routine US intelligence collection and not because people close to Trump were being targeted.
The FBI and US intelligence agencies continue to try to determine what the motive for the communications were.
One concern was whether Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence operatives the release of damaging information about the Hillary Clinton campaign.
"If that were the case, then that would escalate things," one official briefed on the investigation said.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
DALLAS — James Neal scored twice in the third period Friday night, rallying the Golden Knights to a 2-1 victory over the Dallas Stars in the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas.
The expansion team was playing five days after the shooting that killed 58 people in Las Vegas, and the Dallas players honoured the desert city by forming a line next to their Vegas counterparts before the national anthem.
With the video board reading "Viva Las Vegas" above the players, the public address announcer said "Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy."
Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 45 of 46 shots to help the Golden Knights become the first expansion to open with a victory since the Ottawa Senators in 1992. They also spoiled coach Ken Hitchcock's return to Dallas 18 years after they directed the franchise's only Stanley Cup title.
Both of Neal's goals came against Kari Lehtonen after Ben Bishop left with an apparent facial injury after taking a puck to the mask. Bishop had stopped all 19 shots in their Dallas debut after coming over in a trade with Los Angeles and signing a long-term contract with the Stars.
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights, Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period for the tying goal. The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal got the puck past from Lehtonen from their knees with 2:44 remaining.
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when they redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Marc-Andre Fleury, a three-time Stanley Cup winner with Pittsburgh before being left unprotected in the expansion draft.
BLUE JACKETS 5, ISLANDERS 0
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in their NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in Columbus' victory over New York in the season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Arena. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Michael Austin is an Economist with the Kansas Department of Revenue. They joined Nick Gosnell on NewsDay Now Monday. Audio of that interview is below.
Athletes running hurdles can seem a lot like everyday people navigating costs such as taxes on their way to economic prosperity.
Kansas' state government is funded primarily from sales and income tax. If these taxes could serve as hurdles on our way to financial gain, then is one better than the other? Using the example of hurdles may shed light on the need to fund state government with consumption taxes and less of a reliance on income taxes.
Imagine you are running a 400 meter hurdle. Every hurdle you approach represents a tax paid, and only after you clear that hurdle by paying that tax, can you consume goods and services. The first hurdle you jump represents the tax paid today, while subsequent hurdles signify future tax payments.
A track consisting of a sales tax on all goods and services closely mirrors what we see when we watch hurdles. The sales tax rate that you pay on items today is the same as the tomorrow, just as hurdles are a consistent height throughout a race. This stability means that Kansans know what to expect, and they are encouraged to save their money and use it (with interest) to consume more in the future. Sales taxes encourage saving and future consumption, and that can grow the economy.
A track with an income tax of the same rate is different. In part, an income tax acts like a tax on goods and services, but over time their burden becomes larger. An income tax goes a step further by raising the price to consume in the future by taking a bite out of your interest gains when you save.
Instead of a track with consistently sized hurdles each hurdle would higher than the one before it, and you must use more energy with every jump. Income taxes make saving your money less attractive, decreasing future consumption far more than a sales tax would. An income tax discourages people to save, and people saving their money to use in the future, our economic growth slows.
This is why income taxes are a more destructive barrier to economic growth than sales tax. The less reliant Kansas' tax structure is on the income tax, the more opportunities Kansans have to prosper economically.
In 2012, Kansas took more than $1,000 in income tax per person from its taxpayers, a rate higher than its neighboring states. By 2014, after the tax policy, that hurdle has dropped $133 in income tax per person and is now the lowest in the area.
If our state is to become the best place to start and grow a family or business, then we owe it to Kansans to create a predictable tax environment so they can easily see the finish line. Crafting a tax environment that shifts more to sales tax and less on the income tax will allow Kansans to grow their personal wealth.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A construction worker is alleged to have made lewd sexist comments at a woman while they walked past a Gloucester building site.
An investigation is underway to determine what happened at the Blackfriars site last Thursday after a worker allegedly made provocative comments and gestures as a woman walked past.
Vinci Construction UK are building hundreds of student flats at Blackfriars for developer CityHeart on behalf of the University of Gloucestershire ahead of their new arrivals in September.
One woman went on to social media to report what they heard and claimed it was a worker at the Vinci Construction UK building site who was abusive.
They claimed the worker made the provocative comment and gesture before shouting “what's the time love? BEDTIME.”
It is not known if the woman who reported the comment is the victim.
They denounced the incident as “absolutely disgusting”.
Both Vinci Construction UK and CityHeart have said they are taking the matter “very seriously” and said they do not “tolerate any form of sexism”.
They have both launched an investigation to determine what happened and would take “appropriate action”.
A spokesperson for Vinci Construction UK said: “VINCI Construction UK are investigating a matter which took place last week near one of our sites.
“We understand a passer-by was verbally abused. This is unacceptable and we do not tolerate any form of sexism.
“We take this report very seriously and will be undertaking an investigation immediately with appropriate action. We apologise to anyone involved.”
A spokesperson for Cityheart said: “Cityheart are investigating this matter with their appointed main contractor Vinci Construction UK.
“Should the allegation prove to be true, we would expect Vinci to take the appropriate disciplinary action with the individuals concerned.
“Cityheart does not tolerate or accept any form of sexism in the work place.”
LONDON (AP) - Britain's information commissioner plans to seek a warrant to access servers of data mining firm Cambridge Analytica.
President Donald Trump points to an audience member as they speak at a rally at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey)
President Donald Trump points to an audience member as they speak at a rally at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey)
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump is overstating progress against the opioid epidemic, claiming "the numbers are way down" despite an increase of opioid-related deaths and overdoses in their first year in office.
A look at their comments during a political rally in Nashville on Tuesday night:
TRUMP: "We got $6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that's taking over our country. And the numbers are way down. We're getting the word out - bad. Bad stuff. You go to the hospital, you have a broken arm, you come out, you're a drug addict with this crap. It's way down. We're doing a good job with it. But we got $6 billion to help us with opioid."
THE FACTS: Opioid prescriptions are down; deaths and other indicators of the epidemic are up, according to the latest statistics, from 2017. And those developments have nothing to do with the $6 billion approved by Congress because that money is for this year and next.
Trump didn't specify what numbers they were talking about. But according to data released in April, prescriptions for opioid painkillers filled in the U.S. fell almost 9 percent last year, the largest drop in 25 years. The total dosage of opioid prescriptions filled in 2017 declined by 12 percent because more prescriptions were for a shorter duration, fewer new patients started on them and high-dose prescriptions dropped. The numbers are from health data firm IQVIA's Institute for Human Data Science.
But legal prescriptions are only one front of the epidemic.
Drug overdose deaths involving opioids rose to about 46,000 for the 12-month period ended October 2017, up about 15 percent from October 2016, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The numbers are preliminary because of continuing cause-of-death investigations later in the reporting period. They could go higher.
Other measures from the CDC also point to increasing severity of the problem last year.
For example, emergency department visits for overdoses of opioids - prescription pain medications, heroin and illicitly manufactured fentanyl - rose 30 percent in the U.S. from July 2016 to September 2017. Overdoses shot up 70 percent in the Midwest in that time while increasing by 54 percent in large cities in 16 states.
"Getting rid of that scourge" is the intent but the numbers don't show it fading.
___
Associated Press writers Mike Stobbe in New York and Carla K. Johnson in Seattle contributed to this report.
___
https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/drug-overdose-data.htm
https://www.cdc.gov/vitalsigns/opioid-overdoses/
___
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @APFactCheck on Twitter: https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
A UNIT of Global Ferronickel Holdings, Inc. has renewed its supply contract with Guangdong Century Tsingshan Nickel Industry Co., Ltd.
In a disclosure to the stock exchange, Global Ferronickel said its operating subsidiary Platinum Group Metals Corp. (PGMC) inked a new deal to supply 1.5 million wet metric tons (WMT) of nickel ore to the Chinese company.
The listed miner said PGMC will deliver medium grade nickel with higher iron ore to Guangdong Century Tsingshan Nickel. It will also be sold at the prevailing market prices for the 2018 mining season.
PGMC, which operates the Cagdianao mine project in Surigao del Norte, has been supplying medium grade saprolite ore for the Chinese company since 2014.
In an earlier statement, Global Ferronickel said it is targeting a shipment volume of six million WMT for PGMC this year, depending on weather conditions.
PGMC's mineral production sharing agreement was renewed by the government in June 2016 for another 25 years.
Global Ferronickel reported its income soared over 20 times to P779.7 million in 2017, due to better selling prices and “favorable” foreign exchange impact. Revenues went up 54% to P5.8 billion, from P3.8 billion in 2016.
The company said nickel ore shipments rose 39% to 5.97 million WMT, while the average realized price went up by 5% to $19.29 per WMT.
Shares in company fell seven centavos or 2.70% each to P2.52 apiece on Monday. — A.G.A. Mogato
GOLD medal-winning Paralympian Katie Kelly will return to Darwin later this month to share their thoughts on inclusiveness in the workplace and overcoming adversity.
Kelly won Australia's first gold medal in paratriathlon at the 2016 Rio Paralympic Games and is preparing for the World Championships in September on the Gold Coast.
The former Top End resident was born with moderate hearing loss and was later diagnosed with Usher Syndrome, which affects both sight and hearing, in their early 20s.
Kelly's professional career includes 15 years working in leading consumer sports organisations such as the Melbourne Storm.
The 43-year-old will talk at the Darwin Central Hotel about their experiences in the corporate workplace and the Sports Access Foundation, which removes barriers and creates sporting opportunities for disabled children.
“I will be talking to a range of different stakeholders within the corporate business community,” Kelly said.
“It's really an opportunity for all different sectors to hear from my own experiences of working in the corporate world, as well as some of the challenges of integrating people with disabilities into the workplace.
“But it's also to share my story on how the Paralympic movement has helped to normalise disabilities and take away any fears people might have.
“I'm very thankful to ANZ Bank Darwin for making it possible and giving me a platform to share that and also talk about my real passion — the Sports Access Foundation — which provides grants for children with a disability to play sport.”
The SAF was launched in early 2017 and has provided three grants of $2000 each to outstanding Australian children living with an intellectual or physical disability.
A fourth grant will be presented to a child of indigenous heritage living in the NT at Kelly's forum, where Katie Woolf will be MC.
Tickets are available at the Property Council of NT website.
A DACA recipient, or "Dreamer," was released from Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody Thursday morning after being detained when they went into a suburban courthouse.
Scroll for more content...
Christian Gomez Garcia, 29, was detained by ICE agents on Monday when they entered the Skokie Courthouse to take care of a traffic ticket.
They said they were handcuffed, and was told they were being placed under arrest for being in the country illegally. They were taken to a holding facility in Kenosha, Wisc.
Garcia was 5 years old when they came to the U.S. from Mexico with their mother.
ICE officials did not say why they were targeted this week but in a statement they said, "After further review of their case circumstances, they were released from ICE custody."
The future of DACA recipients is at the heart of ongoing debate in Washington. Cook County and the state of Illinois have laws aiming to protect individuals from being detained only on the basis of their immigration status.
"Very aggressive, inhumane, very unfair. You don't have a chance to react, to think, to do anything. They ask for a name they turn you around and handcuff you," Gomez said. "We're here just working, making a living trying to become somebody in this world and anybody that has this could go through this same process that I'm going."
Their mother said they were wrongly arrested because of a mistake by former Congressman Luis Gutierrez's office.
Garcia gained DACA status in 2012 and was applying for an extension with the help of Gutierrez's office.
Their lawyer said they never should have been arrested because a federal court order protected them while their application was being processed.
HOUSTON (AP) - A Houston TV station that flooded during live coverage of Hurricane Harvey last year is being demolished.
The Houston Chronicle reports that the former KHOU-TV complex property along Buffalo Bayou has also been sold. Appraisal records estimate the site is worth at least $13 million.
KHOU posted video of water pushing through a front door and staff evacuating as the lobby flooded on Aug. 27. The hurricane and heavy rains that followed devastated parts of Houston and the Texas coast.
KHOU is a CBS affiliate. It's been operating in temporary studios at Houston Public Media. In March, the station announced plans for a new complex in the Galleria area.
The property was sold to a group associated with funeral home and cemetery conglomerate Service Corporation International. The property is near SCI headquarters. Terms weren't released.
___
Information from: Houston Chronicle, http://www.houstonchronicle.com
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
May 3 Novadaq Technologies Inc
* Novadaq announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.24
* Q1 revenue $21.1 million versus i/b/e/s view $20.6 million
* Sees fy 2017 revenue up 22 to 27 percent
* Sees fy 2017 revenue $98 million to $102 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.21 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $-0.73, revenue view $98.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Novadaq Technologies Inc - anticipates recurring revenues for full year to be in range of $48 to $50 million
* Novadaq Technologies Inc - gross margins are expected to be in range of 65% to 70% for full year 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
On Monday's broadcast of “MSNBCLive,” Black Lives Matter co-founder and Executive Director and Founder of Dignity Now Patrisse Cullors argued that hate speech isn't protected by the First Amendment and white supremacists are “directly related” to President Trump's policies.
advertisement
Cullors said, “David Duke and the white supremacists who showed up to Charlottesville, that is Trump's base. And that base is not isolated. It's not — it's directly related to Trump's policies and the policies that have continued to harm and kill black people and our allies. I think we're seeing a movement of white nationalists rising up because they've been emboldened by trump and their government. And I really want to invite people to be on the right side of history right now.”
They added, “I think what's important in this moment is white nationalists are actually fighting to take away people's rights. Black Lives Matter and groups like Black Lives Matter are fighting for equality. And hate speech, which is what we're seeing coming out of white nationalist groups, is not protected under the First Amendment rights.”
(h/t WFB)
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Brett Bundale, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Brittany Bernard and Paige Fitzpatrick arrived around midnight Saturday at the Toothy Moose, a downtown Halifax cabaret packed with college and university students revelling in the end of exams.
"At that point we were pretty sober," says Fitzpatrick, a 21-year-old student at the Nova Scotia Community College. "I met a gentleman and they offered to buy me a drink."
That's when the evening took a perilous turn, ending hours later with both women admitted to a local hospital after they say they were drugged with an unidentified substance.
The women -- close friends since they were toddlers growing up in a Halifax-area suburb -- say it could have been much worse.
They reported the alleged crime to police and are sharing their story on social media to raise awareness about predators lurking at local clubs and bars, and the risks of accepting drinks from strangers.
Their story comes after reports earlier this year of women claiming their drinks were spiked at Halifax bars, reportedly experiencing unexplained severe drunkenness, memory loss and blackouts.
"I could have been raped or taken because I had no idea where I was or my surroundings," Fitzpatrick says. "It's scary how quickly it hit both of us and how long the effects lasted."
"You can never be too careful," Bernard, 20, adds. "I thought I was being cautious but it only takes a second for someone to slip something into your drink."
The unknown man at the Argyle Street bar bought Fitzpatrick a tequila shot and a double vodka lime. They then knocked Bernard's vodka cranberry out of their hand and offered to buy them a new one.
They declined, but ending up finishing Fitzpatrick's drink before they went to the dance floor.
"It hit us instantly," Fitzpatrick says. "We both lost control of our bodies and sort of face planted on the floor."
The hours that followed were a blur. They somehow stumbled to the washroom, where they describe being violently ill and at points losing consciousness.
"I told a girl I thought we had been drugged, and I think they helped us tell the bouncer," Bernard says. "And at some point, I called my mom."
The bouncer waited with them until Bernard's mother arrived, who immediately took them to hospital.
"My mom went in and got two wheelchairs and then wheeled Paige in first," they say. "She was worse off and was admitted before me."
The hospital ran tests on both women, including electrocardiograms, and tested Fitzpatrick's blood.
"I don't remember anything at the hospital," Fitzpatrick says. "I just remember waking up in the hospital bed, with Brittany and their mom leaning over me."
Fitzpatrick says the doctors informed them they had been drugged, but that they couldn't determine the substance.
So-called date rape drugs, sometimes called roofies, include rohypnol, ketamine and gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB). They are rapidly absorbed and metabolized by the body, making it difficult to test for.
A spokesperson for Halifax police confirmed that they received a report that two women believed their drinks had been tampered with while at the Toothy Moose in the early hours of Sunday morning.
"The investigating officer has sought out the video surveillance at the Toothy Moose and they'll review that in hopes of capturing the event or the person who is possibly responsible for doing this," Const. Carol McIsaac said.
They said this is not a common occurrence in Halifax, but that it's disconcerting whenever police receive a similar report.
McIsaac said they couldn't speculate as to what kind of drug it possibly is, and said they are often difficult to identify.
"The side effect of most of those drugs is it lowers your inhibitions, it impacts your cognitive decision-making and it makes you sleepy," they said. "We've had investigations in the past where what ends up happening is that the woman leaves with the person responsible for tampering with the drinks and then they're reporting a sexual assault."
Bernard shared the harrowing story on Facebook, which has since been shared more than 5,000 times.
Multiple people, both men and women, have commented on the story by sharing similar experiences at bars and clubs in Halifax.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Gun owners that own a potentially defective Taurus pistols only have until Tuesday to get in on a class action settlement.
Those who own the guns have the option to get them replaced or repaired under a settlement class action lawsuit filed last summer.
The lawsuit alleges that nine handgun models had a faulty design that allowed the pistol to inadvertently fire when dropped or to be discharged when the safety feature was still on.
As part of the $239 million settlement, Taurus agreed to a voluntary recall of 1 million pistols.
Taurus pistols included in the settlement include the following models:
PT-111 Millennium
PT-132 Millennium
PT-138 Millennium
PT-140 Millennium
PT-145 Millennium
PT-745 Millennium
PT-609; PT-640
PT-24/7
The “Pro” series of each model is also included in the recall.
The claims period runs through February 6.
Per the settlement agreement, the company is offering three options: a cash payment, enhanced warranty or safety training.
Under the three options, gun owners can receive up to $200 cash in exchange for their defective pistol or they can have their pistols inspected and repaired at no charge.
Taurus will also publish free online training videos and instructions on how to properly operate and handle the Taurus pistols.
The company is covering all shipping and handling costs but says members should review their state and federal regulations before shipping off their weapon. Detailed instructions can be found on the settlement website.
Owners of these pistols can go to the settlement website to get information about submitting claim forms or about how to send your pistol in for repair.
[India], Dec 12 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be travelling in a seaplane, which is the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country, on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Modi will be traveling from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam via the plane.
Their return journey would also be by the same sea-plane.
Prime Minister Modi in a rally on Monday had said, "Tomorrow for the first time in the history of the country a sea-plane will land on the Sabarmati River. I will go to Ambaji in the sea-plane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back."
Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani had said that this is for the first time in the history of the country that a sea-plane will land on a water body.(ANI)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
University College London's report on the cause of mass displacement in Africa challenges conventional assumptions about climate change being principally responsible for the creation of refugees.
University College London on Tuesday published the findings of a research report that links levels of mass population displacement in East Africa over the past half century to social and political factors and not to climate change.
© AFP 2018 / ROBERTA BASILE Conflict in Africa Impacts Europe Migration in 'Matter of Days' – NGO
Published by Palgrave Communications, the report examines the causes of populations displaced within states and those forced to leave their countries of origin and found that rapid population growth and falling or stagnating economic growth in African states within the last decade overwhelmingly accounted for the dramatic increase in the number of refugees crossing the continent, including those seeking sanctuary in Europe.
The authors of the report linked some eight out of ten armed conflicts in East Africa to unconstrained population growth which occurred a decade ago. It also concluded that economic slowdowns were indicative of 70 percent of population displacements a decade later.
Climate change not the key driver of human conflict and displacement in East Africa https://t.co/f4BDjzgNSL pic.twitter.com/vCaLoDt2m4 — Dr. Gudiño Diaz (@brun0_d1az) April 24, 2018
[Zicutake] Climate change not the key driver of human conflict and displacement in East… https://t.co/ZFO5rSkj0U — Zicutake USA Comment (@Zicutake) April 24, 2018
Climate change not the key driver of human conflict and displacement in East Africa https://t.co/cqRRVnRTLA Science daily News — Md Abul Khair (@Mdabulkhair01) April 24, 2018
While not discounting the increased severity of droughts and other climatic events, the report concludes that the level of human displacement in Africa could be dramatically reduced by more stable and effective governance as well as sustained and sustainable economic growth.
HOUSTON (AP) - Former President George H.W. Bush was "responding and recovering" to treatment at a Houston hospital on Tuesday for an infection that had spread to their blood, according to a family spokesperson.
Bush has been hospitalized since Sunday, a day after attending the funeral of their wife, Barbara, who died last week at age 92. The couple was married 73 years, longer than any other U.S. presidential couple.
In a brief post on Twitter, family spokesperson Jim McGrath said they could "happily" echo their report from Monday that the 93-year-old former president was "responding to treatments and appears to be recovering."
George H.W. Bush had used a wheelchair and an electric scooter for mobility since developing a form of Parkinson's disease, and they have needed hospital treatment several times in recent years for respiratory problems and other infections.
McGrath wouldn't elaborate Tuesday on the specifics of Bush's condition, saying only that they would issue updates "when we have something to update." Late Monday, McGrath described Bush as eager to get well so they could get to their summer home in Kennebunkport, Maine.
"He's the most goal-oriented person on this planet," McGrath said. "I wouldn't bet against him."
A year ago this month, the nation's 41st president spent two weeks in the hospital for treatment of pneumonia and chronic bronchitis, a constant irritation of the lining of tubes that carry air to one's lungs. Their doctors said chronic bronchitis is a condition more prevalent with age and can aggravate the symptoms of pneumonia. Bush was also hospitalized, for 16 days, in January 2017 for pneumonia. During that hospital stay, which included time in intensive care, doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected them to a ventilator.
They were hospitalized in 2015 in Maine after falling at home and breaking a bone in their neck. In December 2014, they were hospitalized for about a week for shortness of breath, and they spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues.
People in their 90s with Parkinson's disease are often at higher risk of pneumonia and other infections because their swallowing process can be compromised, said Dr. David Reuben, a professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles.
"And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system," they said.
Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics, they said, while viral infections require other treatments. Infections that spread to the blood usually are not viral, however, they said.
The prognosis for such a case would depend on several factors, including heart rate, blood pressure and oxygenation, Reuben said.
"The more of these parameters are abnormal, the more serious the case is," they said.
George H. W. Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993. Born on June 12, 1924, in Milton, Massachusetts, Bush also served as a Texas member of congress, CIA director and Ronald Reagan's vice president.
___
Associated Press reporter Terry Wallace contributed to this story from Dallas.
© AP Photo/ Shizuo Kambayashi Japan to Move Patriot Missile Systems in Response to N Korea Rocket Launch
TOKYO (Sputnik) — Japan's troops trained on Thursday to use Patriot air-and-missile defense systems against a threat from North Korea, local media reported.
The one-hour exercise took place at the Komaki base in the Aichi prefecture, the NHK news channel said. There was no live fire.
Japanese self-defense forces reportedly drove the system to the base, prepared it for the launch and pointed the missiles toward the sky.
Two more drills will take place at other bases in Japan. They were called by the Defense Ministry after North Korea conducted a series of missile tests this year, with several projectiles plunging into waters in Japan's exclusive economic zone.
The Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) is a high-velocity interceptor that can defend against tactical ballistic missiles, cruise missiles and planes.
Japan's Defense Minister Tomomi Inada announced the start of the exercises on Wednesday. They said it was important to hone tactical skills, citing a severe security climate. The Defense Ministry also plans to hold joint drills with the United States, they said.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
NEW YORK (AP) - To the Trump administration, the recovered missile fragments were incontrovertible proof that Iran was illicitly arming Yemen's Houthi rebels. Yet Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif brushed it off Tuesday as little more than cheese puffs.
During a visit to New York, the Iranian diplomat accused U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley of displaying fabricated evidence that missiles lobbed by the Houthis at civilian areas in Saudi Arabia originated in Iran. Though Tehran supports the Shiite rebel group, it firmly denies giving them missiles. But Haley has invited journalists and U.N. Security Council diplomats to inspect missile parts recovered after strikes on Saudi Arabia, bearing what U.S. military officials said were Iranian markings and characteristics.
Zarif, in an Associated Press interview, said that one such logo was from the Standard Institute of Iran, which they said regulates consumer goods - not weapons.
"It's a sign of quality," Zarif said. "When people want to buy it, they look at whether it's been tested by the Standard Institute of Iran that your cheese puffs are good, your cheese puffs will not give you a stomach ache."
They laughed and added, "I mean, nobody will put the logo of the Standard Institute of Iran on a piece of missile."
Zarif also pointed to a truck-size section of a missile that the U.S. said was recovered in Saudi Arabia and was transferred to a military base near Washington, where it was on display behind Haley for a photo-op. Zarif noted that the missile had been supposedly shot down in mid-air.
"I'm not saying Ambassador Haley is fabricating, but somebody is fabricating the evidence they are showing," Zarif said.
Some of the fragments Haley presented, if authentic, would seem to implicate Iran's military industry more directly, including some with the logo of Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, an Iranian defense entity under U.S. sanctions. Haley said others had clear "Iranian missile fingerprints," such as short-range ballistic missiles that lacked large stabilizers - a feature they said only Iran's Qiam missiles have.
"Just imagine if this missile had been launched at Dulles Airport or JFK, or the airports in Paris, London or Berlin," Haley told reporters late last year. "That's what we're talking about here."
Tehran's denials aside, there's broad agreement among the United Nations, Western countries and the Persian Gulf's Arab leaders that Iran has armed the Houthis with ballistic missiles, even though U.N. Security Council resolutions prohibit it. With U.S. support, a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen's civil war has been bombing the Houthis, who control the capital Sanaa and much of northern Yemen.
Yet Iran's opponents have struggled to provide foolproof evidence to back up their claims, creating an opening for Iran to deny. After Haley's presentations at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, some national security experts raised questions, even drawing parallels to Secretary of State Colin Powell's 2003 speech to the U.N. making the case for the Iraq War.
The fragments Haley presented were turned over to the U.S. by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates - two of Iran's fiercest critics - and U.S. military officials had trouble tracing the fragments' chain of custody. Nor could they say when the weapons were transferred to the Houthis or in some cases precisely when they were launched.
View larger $24.99 $16.99 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
DVD SKU: 170418-64520-1
UPC: 841887031721
Part No: PBSDVAMX62905
Weight: 0.08 lbs
Condition: New
Product Types: Products | Movies & TV
Formats: DVD
Genres: Crime | Documentary | Drama | Suspense
Studio: PBS
Original U.S. Release: February 14, 2017
Item Release Date: April 18, 2017
Rating: PG
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Shortly before dawn on August 21, 1992, six heavily armed U.S. marshals made their way up to the isolated mountaintop home of Randy and Vicki Weaver and their children on Ruby Ridge in Northern Idaho. Charged with selling two illegal sawed-off shotguns to an undercover agent, Weaver had failed to appear in court and law enforcement was tasked with bringing them in. For months, the Weavers had been holed up on their property with a cache of firearms, including automatic weapons. When the federal agents surveilling the property crossed paths with members of the family, a firefight broke out. The standoff that mesmerized the nation would leave Weaver injured, their wife and son dead, and some convinced that the federal government was out of control. Drawing upon eyewitness accounts, including interviews with Weaver's daughter, Sara, and federal agents involved in the confrontation, Ruby Ridge is a riveting account of the event that helped give rise to the modern American militia movement.
Specifications
Runtime: 60
Aspect Ratio: Widescreen
Audio: 5.1 Surround
Language: English
Subtitles: English
Region: 1
Directors: Barak Goodman
Related Items
Categories
Crime | Documentary | Drama | DVD | Featured | Movies & TV | PBS | Suspense
Jens Marquardt feels BMW Motorsport can take many positives from the Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring, after the #25 BMW Team RLL trio of Alexander Sims, Connor De Phillippi and Bill Auberlen claimed the M8 GTE claimed an excellent second place on Saturday.
The race around the Sebring International Raceway is one of the toughest events on the schedule, as was proven by the retirement in the final hour of the sister #24 car of Jesse Krohn, John Edwards and Nick Catsburg, but Marquardt was thrilled that the #25 was in contention throughout the race and were rewarded with the second place trophies.
“We have seen another exciting and extremely tough 12-hour race here at Sebring – and we can take many positives back home,” said BMW Motorsport Director Marquardt. “Congratulations to BMW Team RLL and our BMW Motorsport crew on the maiden podium finish for our new BMW M8 GTE.
“The 12 hours here is more demanding than many 24-hour races on other circuits. That makes this result even more special.”
More importantly for Marquardt was the ability for BMW to fight with the other manufacturers, with the Balance of Performance levels, which they heavily criticised after the Rolex 24 at Daytona, much more balanced this time around at Sebring.
“Far more important than the result are two other findings: On the one hand, the BMW M8 GTE was able to show its potential, which is underlined by the fact we recorded pole position and the fastest race lap,” said Marquardt.
“On the other hand, the GTLM field was far better balanced than it was at Daytona. The fans saw a thrilling race with close battles and excitement to the very last lap. This is what we all want.
“We are now looking forward to the upcoming races. At Long Beach we will go flat out again.”
After Southwest incident, should child safety seats be required on airplanes?
After Southwest incident, should child safety seats be required on airplanes? Apr 19
Juul and other e-cigarette sales to youths targeted by FDA in national crackdown
Juul and other e-cigarette sales to youths targeted by FDA in national crackdown Apr 24
A selection of the popular Juul brand vaping supplies on display in the window of a vaping store.
The Food and Drug Administration announced Tuesday it has been conducting a nationwide undercover crackdown on stores and online sites selling e-cigarettes to underage buyers and has issued warning letters to 40 locations – including two in Camden County.
The campaign started on April 6 and will continue through the end of the month, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb stated.
“Today's action should serve to put retailers on notice to stop selling products to minors,” said Gottlieb.
Two New Jersey locations – Top Line Vapor, on 519 North Warwick Road in Somerdale, and Mode E Cigarettes on 408 East Church Street in Blackwood – were among the 40 retailers that received warning letters. No locations in Pennsylvania were cited.
The effort is part of the agency's new Youth Tobacco Prevention Plan, which focuses on halting use by young people of tobacco and e-cigarettes, which use fluid containing nicotine.
>>READ MORE: Juuling, the latest e-cig craze that has schools worried
The Juul brand e-cigarettes — which look nothing like real cigarettes — are wildly popular with teens, a trend that caught school officials and parents off guard. Designed to look like USB thumb drives, they can be charged on laptop computers. The tiny vapor puffs from the flavored nicotine fluid they contain can be easily hidden in a teen's sleeve. Yet teens are often unaware that Juuls, and similar brands such as myblu and KandyPens, contain nicotine.
Gottlieb said the FDA recently contacted eBay about several listings for Juul products, and the online site swiftly removed them.
“Our overarching goal – one we hope everyone shares – is to make sure Juul, and any other e-cigarettes or tobaco products, aren't getting into kids' hands in the first place,” Gottlieb stated.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You could be one of almost two million people who are entitled to more than £50 worth of refunds.
It is all down to overcharging customers on a service to register for powers of attorney.
The Office of the Public Guardian didn't drop its prices after finding cheaper ways to grant powers of attorney and it cannot make a profit.
Old Mutual sent in Freedom of Information request and discovered 1.8million customers had been overcharged buy up to £54.
"The Ministry of Justice is only supposed to charge enough to cover the cost of providing the service, but the large number of applications meant it made a £89 million surplus, which it now needs to repay," said Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Old Mutual Wealth told the Mirror.
Are you eligible?
Refunds are available for those who applied to register lasting or enduring powers of attorney between 1 April 2013 and 31 March 2017.
You only need to make one claim for each donor, even if you made more than one power of attorney. You can claim for a refund if you're:
the ‘donor' - the person who made the power of attorney
an ‘attorney' - appointed by the donor in an LPA or EPA
The refund must be paid to the donor.
Depending on when you applied, you will get between £34 and £54 - with 0.5% interest added. If you paid a reduced fee, you'll only get half the refund.
How to make a claim
You only fill in one form to make a claim. There is a dedicated helpline and you can also apply online .
Call 0300 456 0300 and select option six. Lines are open Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from 9am to 5pm and Wednesday from 10am to 5pm
Calls cost up to 10p a minute from a landline and between 3p and 40p a minute from a mobile.
A SUNSHINE Coast schoolgirl has caught the attention of one of tennis' biggest names after tripping over on the court during their last match.
Sixteen-year-old Issy Tomkins became the envy of females around the world, earning a kiss on the cheek from world No.5 Alexander Zverev during their Davis Cup win on Friday at Brisbane's Pat Rafter Arena.
The German laid one on Issy as players changed ends during their clash with Australian Alex de Minaur in the afternoon.
The Noosa teenager slipped as they ran out to retrieve a ball during the first set, causing the 20-year-old to approach them afterwards.
Camera Icon Davis Cup ball girl Issy Tomkins, 16, gets a kiss from Germany's Alexander Zverev. Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Issy can't contain their delight... Picture: Supplied Camera Icon ... and gets a little bashful. Picture: Supplied
Issy said the kiss was “nice”, especially since they were already a fan.
“He was one of my favourite tennis players and they have been for a while so I was pretty stoked,” they said.
“The players actually support us and are thankful, and that's really nice for everyone to see.”
They said it was funny seeing their face splashed across the front page of German newspapers, but admitted it was nice to be a part of it.
Zverev will be back on court in Brisbane today for their return singles match, and Issy will once again be on the sidelines, hoping to stay on their feet this time.
It's a tough call on who they want to win.
“I'm mixed because I'm supposed to go for Australia but I kind of want them to win as well,” they said.
Canada's opiate crisis has given new impetus to efforts to oblige pharmaceutical companies to report all benefits they confer on doctors.
“There's been some influence from drug industries to potentially prescribe drugs that may not be so clearly beneficial for patients,” says Dr. Andrew Boozary.
Doctors may be influenced, says campaigner
“Evidence is starting to come out that very limited interaction or, sort of, even relationships with pharmaceutical companies can influence or alter the way that physicians actually prescribe medications,” says Dr. Andrew Boozary, leader of the Open Pharma Campaign.
“So that's one of the things that we're trying to get at is to ensure that any of those interactions or…relationships with pharmaceutical companies are open, accessible, and available to the public.” This could include such things as companies' sponsoring education materials, invitations to talks or seminars on new drugs, offering positions on advisory boards or funding research in clinical trials.
Dr. Andrew Boozary says it will take public pressure to get politicians to act on this issue.
‘Losing more people every day'
A call for pharmaceutical companies to make such information publicly available was made five years ago by the Canadian Medical Association which represents many of the country's doctors. Boozary says the issue has recently become more pressing.
“We're now in the middle of a national public health crisis with the opioid epidemic losing more people every day than we did in the 80s through the HIV epidemic… And we have no idea what the interactions are like between some actors or some drug companies like Purdue which manufactures narcotics and what their relationship is like with doctors or pain clinics in ensuring that their drugs get prescribed.”
A call for public pressure
Boozary wants the government to pass legislation obliging transparency on the part of the drug companies. They believe that public pressure is needed to convince legislators to do this and that is at the heart of the Open Pharma Campaign
The video will start in 8 Cancels
A 44-year-old man has been arrested after police were called to an incident in Cheltenham.
Members of the public reported see a number of police cars heading down Princess Elizabeth Way this afternoon.
Police have now confirmed that they were called to a domestic incident.
A spokesperson said: "We were called shortly after 1.20pm today to reports of a domestic incident in the Hester's Way area of Cheltenham.
"A 44-year-old man from Cheltenham was arrested and remains in custody at this time."
Kay Colbert, Bedre Fine Chocolate GM stops by to show viewers different assortments for Valentine's Day shopping.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - An appeals court has wiped out the convictions of two film producers sentenced to federal prison for running a synthetic marijuana operation.
The Virginian-Pilot reports a Richmond appeals court ordered U.S. District Judge Raymond Jackson to take up the case again of Charles Burton Ritchie and Benjamin Galecki. They were convicted last year of running a $21 million operation out of Pensacola, Florida, that shipped the drug known as spice to areas in Virginia.
The court ruled Friday that Jackson shouldn't have barred defense testimony from a then-scientist with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. The scientist was later arrested on charges of communicating with a child under 15 for sexual contact.
The two produced "Misery Loves Comedy," a 2015 documentary featuring Martin Short, Amy Schumer, Jimmy Fallon and other comedians.
___
Information from: The Virginian-Pilot, http://pilotonline.com
April 24 (UPI) -- The Dow Jones industrial average fell more than 400 points on Tuesday amid fears of rising interest rates and Caterpillar hinting at a halt in economic growth.
The index fell a total of 424.56 points or 1.74 percent by closing to 24,024.13, dropping a total of 751.21 points from its session high following a 131-point increase to open trading.
The S&P 500 index fell 1.3 percent, while falling Facebook, Amazon, Alphabet and Netflix shares caused the Nasdaq composite to drop 1.7 percent.
Construction equipment manufacturer Caterpillar, a barometer for the state of the economy and the stock market, saw a stock increase after reporting earnings and revenue that surpassed market expectations.
Later in the day Caterpillar stock fell 6.2 percent after Chief Financial Officer Bradley Halverson said the company's first quarter would be "the high-water mark for the year" during a conference call.
Mining and manufacturing company 3M, another Dow indicator, saw its stock drop 7 percent after lowering its full-year profit forecast.
Google Parent company Alphabet's stock fell 5 percent despite reporting a $9.4 billion first-quarter increase in net profit on Monday.
Investors have also been selling Treasurys this month in fear of rising inflation, pushing the yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note above 3 percent for the first time in four years on Tuesday morning.
The rising bond rate could cause the Federal Reserve to tighten monetary policy more quickly and make it more expensive to borrow money for mortgages and auto loans, detracting from profit for major U.S. companies.
Cosby lawyers push back against #MeToo, paint Constand as 'pathological' in final pitch to jury
Cosby lawyers push back against #MeToo, paint Constand as 'pathological' in final pitch to jury Apr 24
Laura McCrystal covers everything about taxes, government revenue, and how such policies impact people in Philadelphia and beyond. They previously covered news in Montgomery County, including Bill Cosby's trial.
Cosby lawyers push back against #MeToo, paint Constand as 'pathological' in final pitch to jury
Cosby lawyers push back against #MeToo, paint Constand as 'pathological' in final pitch to jury Apr 24
Bill Cosby, left, smiles as they arrive with their wife, Camille, for their sexual assault trial on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
Bill Cosby's lawyers likened the legal woes and sex scandals that have dogged their client for years to “witch hunts” and “lynchings” and urged jurors Tuesday to reject Andrea Constand's claims that they were one of the comedy icon's final victims.
Delivering a final pitch to the jury, attorney Kathleen Bliss confronted head-on the shadow of the #MeToo movement that has loomed large over Cosby's retrial on sexual assault charges.
“We do have to deal with sexual assault … just like we have to deal with sexual harassment, just like we have to deal with pay disparity, just like we have to deal with social inequalities,” Bliss told the panel of seven men and five women hearing the case. “But questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim. Gut feelings are not rational decisions. Mob rule is not due process.”
They continued: “When you join a movement based primarily on emotion and anger, you don't change a damn thing.”
Them closing argument – followed by a second closing speech by Cosby lawyer Tom Mesereau – concluded a four-day defense that has fought to discredit Constand as a “con artist” who badly damaged their credibility with conflicting statements to police. Defense lawyers have alleged they set out to entrap Cosby with false abuse claims so they could extort them for the $3.4 million Cosby later paid them to settle a lawsuit they filed against him.
“I call it one of the biggest highway robberies of all time,” Mesereau said Tuesday. “Bill Cosby got conned, big time.”
Bliss, too, dismissed the five other women who have testified against their 80-year-old client, calling them “failed starlets” and fame-mongers, each of whom concocted abuse claims for a chance at money or attention.
“What is this case about?” Bliss asked. “It's about money, press conferences, TV shows, salacious coverage, ratings. Sex sells.”
Throughout Tuesday's proceeding, Cosby's wife, Camille, sat in the gallery's front row, their eyes shielded behind a pair of chunky sunglasses. Before the day's arguments began, Camille Cosby was escorted into the courtroom on the arm of Cosby's publicist Andrew Wyatt, making their first appearance at Cosby's retrial. With a beaming smile on their face, they were conspicuously led to the front of the courtroom, where they gave their husband two quick kisses, before being led to their seat.
Unlike at the first trial, Constand – who has claimed Cosby drugged and assaulted them at their Cheltenham mansion in 2004 — was not in the courtroom during closing arguments. Them lawyers, Dolores Troiani and Bebe Kivitz, sat alongside attorneys and staff of the District Attorney's Office.
Prosecutors are expected to deliver their own final salvo and the jury will begin deliberating later Tuesday.
But Mesereau, in their speech, wasted little time dismissing both Constand and prosecutors, describing them as “a pathological liar” and the government case as one built on “flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence.”
They repeatedly stressed a prior prosecutor's decision not to charge Cosby based on Constand's allegations when they came forward in 2005, and presented a complex defense theory that they and their colleagues have built over the final two days of trial.
“There is not a single day between Dec. 30, 2003, and Jan. 31, 2004, when this incident could have occurred,” Mesereau said, highlighting travel and phone records and appearance schedules that the defense has seized upon as proof that Constand's alleged assault could not have occurred when they said it did.
Those dates matter because prosecutors charged Cosby in December 2015, just days before the state's 12-year statute of limitations on the purported January 2004 assault was set to expire.
If a sexual encounter occurred earlier than Constand told police, jurors could not convict them even if they believed they were guilty of assault. Cosby has admitted to having a sexual liaison with Constand but insists it was consensual.
“Why did this thing get filed at the last minute?” Mesereau asked. “They can't give you one ounce of evidence that anything happened in January 2004.”
Cosby sat quietly Tuesday facing the jury box as their lawyers pleaded their case. The jurors, who have been sequestered at a nearby hotel since the start of the trial April 9, listened attentively.
Although the case soon will be in the jury's hands, it still could take days for the panel to reach a verdict.
During Cosby's first trial in June, jurors deliberated for 52 hours over a week and still ultimately were unable to reach a unanimous decision, prompting Montgomery County Judge Steven T. O'Neill to declare a mistrial.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault – each of which carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison.
Keep up with every development in Bill Cosby's case with our day-by-day recaps, timeline, and explainer on everything you need to know about the case and its major players.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
With deadlines looming, congressional candidates await word from silent courts on new maps
With deadlines looming, congressional candidates await word from silent courts on new maps Mar 16
Progressives hoping to shake up Philly's Democratic Party get good, and bad, news | Clout
Progressives hoping to shake up Philly's Democratic Party get good, and bad, news | Clout Mar 15
Bill Green said that they are not filing paperwork by Tuesday's deadline to run for Congress.
It was poised to be one of the most riveting campaigns in the Philadelphia region, pitting a young member of congress against a member of one of the city's storied political families.
But a match between School Reform Commissioner Bill Green and U.S. Rep. Brendan Boyle wasn't meant to be.
On Monday, Green dropped their bid to unseat Boyle.
Green, a Democrat, said they didn't think they had enough time to launch a serious primary campaign in Pennsylvania's new Second District, whose boundaries were imposed by the state Supreme Court only a month ago.
“It was too late to mount a credible bid when the districts came out if you were not already geared up,” they said.
Green also said that “one consequence of pursuing this was that a private-sector professional opportunity popped up” that they are “very excited about.” They declined to elaborate.
Green, a former city councilman whose father and grandfather were members of Congress, filed paperwork this month with the federal government to campaign against Boyle. They also obtained a legal opinion from the School District stating that they could run for the House of Representatives while sitting on the SRC.
In order to get on the ballot, Green would have needed to submit at least 1,000 signatures supporting their candidacy by Tuesday at 5 p.m.
While explaining on Monday why they were dropping out of the race, Green took a parting shot at Boyle. Green said that several city wards were going to support them — perhaps even enough to win the local Democratic Party's endorsement.
“I think I had 362 divisions, which is the caucus,” they said. “But then you never know in Philly.”
Asked for comment, Boyle spokesperson Ken Snyder said “it would have been awfully difficult to beat” the incumbent.
“Brendan has put a really great record together in Congress standing up for middle-class families and fighting wage inequality,” they said. “He had lined up endorsements from environmental groups, anti-NRA groups and Planned Parenthood, and they had the resources to tell their story.”
Michele Lawrence, a former regional vice president of Wells Fargo, has also announced that they are running against Boyle.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The largest synthetic-biology company in the U.S. plans to begin marketing genetically modified apples for the first time this fall, but they won't be labeled as GMOs.
The so-called Arctic apples are genetically altered to suppress browning and will be sold as bagged slices in up to 400 stores in the Midwest and Southern California, according to the company. The launch is the first significant test of a GMO whose modification is meant to appeal to consumers, rather than help farmers increase production.
The modified Golden Delicious apples were developed by Okanagan Specialty Fruits, a privately owned company acquired for $41 million in 2015 by the Maryland biotech conglomerate Intrexon. A different division of that company is marketing a genetically modified salmon.
The company plans to sell the apples as bags of pre-sliced fruit but say they will not be labeled as “produced with genetic engineering” and will not come with any other packaging identifying them as GMOs. Instead, as allowed under a 2016 labeling law, there will be a QR code that links to a Web page with detailed information on how the apples were made.
“We didn't want put ‘GMO' and a skull and crossbones on the package,” Neal Carter, Okanagan's founder, said this week, during a presentation in San Francisco.
A package of golden delicious apple slices. The fruit has been genetically modified so they don't turn brown.
The GM apple is notable partly because Carter, an apple grower and farming innovator, independently developed it and won regulatory approval to sell it. Most GMOs have been developed and marketed as seeds by large corporations like Monsanto or DuPont, and most are large-acre crops like soybeans and corn.
Using a technique called gene silencing, Carter and their research team engineered the apple's DNA to produce less polyphenol oxidase, or PPO, the enzyme that causes the flesh to turn brown. Carter says slices of the engineered apples can stay free of browning as long as three weeks.
To some, genetic slowing of the browning process could seem like a solution in search of a problem. Commercial apple slices are already preserved with a mixture of calcium and vitamin C, which keeps them from browning long enough to be ordered via Amazon. At home, many cooks know a squirt of lemon juice does the trick, at least for a few hours.
Groups opposing GMOs have protested the introduction of Okanagan's apples and pressured food companies including Burger King not to sell them. Friends of the Earth told the Independent that the Arctic apple is “understudied, unlabeled, and unnecessary.” Because of widespread opposition, genetically modified foods are subject to an array of labeling rules and even outright bans around the world.
But David Zilberman, a professor of agricultural and resource economics at the University of California, Berkeley, says the apple doesn't present any health risks and that Okanagan's decision for discreet labeling is justified. “Cigarettes have a huge [label], but GMO is not cigarettes; it's not poison,” they say. “There is nothing wrong with this from any perspective. Let's see what happens. We may see more acceptance of GM.”
Subscribe to The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to confirm your subscription. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
Carter, who is eager to debate critics, says non-browning fruit could increase apple sales and reduce waste. About 45% of fruits and vegetables grown are thrown away according to the United Nations. The waste occurs during picking or shipping, by retailers, or at the hands of picky children and adults.
Carter's bigger challenge will be taking a bite out of the apple market. They say the number of acres planted with Arctic trees now stands at 250, and they expect to reach at least 1,400 by 2019. There are approximately 325,000 acres of apple trees in the U.S.
Carter declined to disclose the price of the sliced fruit bags, but packages of conventional apple slices sell for about $3 to $5 each. “These next couple of months, we're going to be learning a lot,” they say. “It's scary from that perspective.”
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Cleveland and Golden State were stretched to their limits in the conference finals this time around, leaving little time to recoup and prepare for their latest date in the NBA Finals.
“Splintered” is how Stephen Curry described what they feared could happen in the second quarter of Game 7 at Houston with the Warriors pushed to the brink by the Rockets in a thrilling West showdown.
So, Golden State held a serious team chat and got it together at last. LeBron James willed their Cavaliers back to the big stage with another spectacular performance as Kevin Love sat out.
“It was a special moment for us. And I think one that we'll look back, if we get the job done over these next two weeks, where, again, as an appreciation of all that goes into winning a championship,” Curry said Wednesday, “and doing it by committee and making sure every guy, whether you're playing well or not, or things are going your way or not, that we all bring something to the fold that have gotten us to four straight Finals.
“And we've done it by appreciating everybody that's a part of that group. I think that two and a half minutes was a special moment for us, and it should give us great momentum going into the series.”
Now, James and the Cavs and Curry and the defending champions find themselves in familiar territory facing off in a fourth straight NBA Finals — just with far less prep time given both faced new, daunting challenges and played furious Game 7s on the road to get back here.
Cavs-W's, Act IV is a little bit different, indeed.
King James stands in the way of a Warriors repeat, just as they did in spoiling that quest for Golden State and leading the Cavs to a championship two years ago with a Game 7 win on the Warriors' home court, where they have currently won 17 of the last 18 postseason games.
James never counted out Golden State.
“Just going against the Warriors in the last three years in the Finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done,” they said. “Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 Finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured out that they could make it happen.”
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great they might be in their eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in their mind they will be ready when the ball tips.
“The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am,” James said. “So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK.”
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland they know so well.
“In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time,” they said. “So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game.”
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in their left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with their status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
“Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years,” James said. “If you want to see somebody else in the postseason then you've got to beat 'em.”
___
More AP NBA:
Comments
comments
Stem cells from elderly donors can be used for personalized treatment of age-related chronic and degenerative diseases, concludes a new review
Donor age does not appear to influence the functionality of stem cells derived from adult body tissues, concludes a new review. The analysis of research on induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) finds that not only are typical signs of aging reversed in iPSCs, but cells derived from both older and younger donors show the same ability to differentiate into mature body cells. This validates iPSCs as a viable alternative to embryonic stem cells in regenerative medicine. Published in Frontiers in Cardiovascular Medicine, the study highlights the enormous potential of iPSCs derived from elderly patients to treat their age-related diseases -- and indicates future areas of research for this relatively new field.
"As average life expectancy continues to rise, so does the rate of age-related chronic and degenerative diseases," explains Dr. Nicolle Kränkel from Charité, a medical university in Germany. "Organ replacement and other cell-based treatments could increase longevity and improve the quality of life for elderly people with heart disease, kidney failure and even Alzheimer's disease. Our analysis of current knowledge on iPSCs indicates that stem cells derived from older patients are suitable for personalized regenerative therapies as well as for modeling genetic disease."
Unlike most cells in the body, stem cells have the potential to develop into different cell types. Their discovery opened the possibility of growing specific cells to treat damaged tissues and organs, as well as genetic diseases.
Stem cells can be derived from two sources: embryos and adult tissues. It was commonly believed that embryonic stem cells (ESCs) are the only reliable source, as these "young" cells have not accumulated the same level of cell damage as older cells. However, embryonic stem cells also have limitations. These include ethical concerns, immunological rejection of transplanted tissue derived from ESCs, and limited availability of donated material.
The 2006 discovery of induced pluripotent stem cells -- which can be derived directly from a patient -- offers an attractive alternative. Their use has already been proved in a young patient: a boy suffering from a rare genetic disease, in which the skin blisters and tears off, recovered completely after receiving a skin transplant grown from their own gene-corrected stem cells.
However, questions remained about the impact of donor age on iPSC functionality -- an especially relevant point given that the elderly stand to benefit the most from these stem cells. Kränkel and colleagues therefore critically analyzed the available research to date, to summarize what is known and identify future research needs.
The analysis revealed that the age of the donor may reduce the efficiency at which their body cells can be reprogrammed into iPSCs. However, once generated, the stem cells appear to be rejuvenated - with typical signs of aging reversed.
"iPSCs show improved functionality compared to the donor's regular body cells, and can be differentiated into mature body cells with a similar efficiency to younger stem cell donors," says Kränkel. "This means that stem cells from an elderly patient can be developed into other cells and returned to the patient for treatment."
Despite this promising conclusion, it is still a matter of debate as to whether cells from older donors have accumulated more damaging mutations than those of younger donors. "This seems logical," says Elisabeth Strässler, co-author of the study. "There is also the issue of whether such mutations persist during the transformation to stem cells, or whether they are repaired."
Other important questions also remain unanswered.
"The field of iPSC research is still rather 'young' and more research is necessary. This includes whether iPSC-derived cells might form tumors once transplanted back into a patient; consensus on which tests should be mandatory for assessing genetic stability and stem cell function; and defined protocols to better compare results from different labs," concludes Kränkel.
###
Please include a link to the original research in your reporting: https:/ / www. frontiersin. org/ articles/ 10. 3389/ fcvm. 2018. 00004/ full
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
MANN-HARE HOENING FUNERAL HOME || NEWS UPDATES 3 hurt when bomb strapped to man explodes in NYC subway
Application Developer
A dynamic company in the health insurance industry is currently looking for an Application Developer to join their team.Responsibilities
Gather requirements from business users
Create business requirement specifications
Create system and database design documents
Translate Business Rules to programming language
Supporting and bug fixing existing Systems
Documentation of existing Systems
Testing Components
Mentoring of Junior Developers
Essential Requirements:
A suitable degree such as:
B.Com/Bus Sci (IS); or
BSc. (Comp); or
B.Tech IT (Software Development)
N.Dip IT (Software Development)
Technical skills
Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2014 (Compulsory)
Strong T-SQL Skills
Knowledge of SQL optimization
Strong SQL programming skills essential (Stored Procedure, Triggers, SSIS)
Object Orientated programming skills and principles
C#
Web Development (ASP.NET, WEBAPI, CSS, HTML)
JavaScript
Web Services (Restful)
Personality Traits
High numeracy, analytical, problem-solving skills
Pro-active, organised and strong personal drive
Adaptable and resourceful in an ever changing environment
Sound organisational and time-management skills
Accountability
High stress tolerance
Good verbal and written communication skills
Positive attitude
Experience
3 years
Learn more/Apply for this position
A friend of mine was in the grandstand in Rome and told me that there was a 10-year-old fan behind them who knew absolutely everything about Formula E - which drivers were which, all the different cars - and all the adults were listening to this kid. I think that's a great symbol of how Formula E is capturing the imagination of younger people.
I think the potential of adding new technology to the mix, which is not strictly powertrain technology, is huge, and we are going to start toying with that in Season 5. The race format for Season 5, which we haven't disclosed yet, is going to be something closer to a video game and will blow the mind of the younger generation. It's almost a race format designed for them. If we can get children who are 10 years old to be a fan of the series, they will be a fan for life.
In the movies, when people travel back in time they have to be super careful about what they do because any small act can completely change the future – it's known as the butterfly effect. But we don't worry about how the little things we do now can affect our future. The little things we do now could be massive both in negative and positive ways.
An example of that is Formula E. You might think that it's just traveling around the world having fun racing, but we might be changing the world with what we are doing via the technology that will be used here. Because if there is a technological breakthrough here, that could have the potential to completely change everything.
The arrival of the big car manufacturers creates a big playing field for the technology, with so many of the big guys together working on the same platform. Formula E is an incredibly powerful platform to develop technology and to showcase that technology. And that is going to be accompanied by huge passion from the fans, especially the young fans.
The powertrains will develop a lot on the new car, but we are already talking about generation three! Gen1 was really ‘let's do this', Gen2 is a huge leap in taking the old technology and making it perfect. Gen3 will be all-new technology.
But it will be the manufacturers who will make our platforms deliver fruit. We just provide the platform and create a huge circus, the manufacturers need to come in and use the platform to develop the technology and then that technology will go everywhere – they are the main actors of the revolution we want to inspire.
This era has been fantastic. We will remember it as a pioneering era, a romantic era. I think the last race in New York, when we do the final car change, will be a little bit of a nostalgic moment, literally the end of an era. It's been an adventure, it's been a huge risk, but it paid off. And now we are about to start on the adult era if you like, we've passed the teenage years.
The first Rome E-Prix was an incredible event. We keep getting better and better. Every event we say is the best ever, but Rome really was. Everything sold out, not one single ticket was left and we are seeing that more and more. When the tickets went on sale for Zurich they were gone in 30 minutes.
So we can see that the Formula E brand is becoming known by more and more people. Italian fans are serious fans and the feedback of the fans was great – they loved the show. We've confirmed with the mayor that we will hold the race for five more years in the same location. The buzz around Formula E in the city was great – Rome has taken Formula E to a new level.
In order to host more races like that we need the space. A space that is nice, that is beautiful for the event and doesn't disrupt too much. If we disrupt the whole city then it's no good. Rome's ideal, New York is ideal in that sense too. More and more we are becoming part of the landscape, like in Paris, everyone is happy with the race there, so we need more and more races like that.
We have to compromise big spectator growth versus racing in cities. The reason the fans come is because we are racing in the city but racing in the city means we have fewer seats. We also don't want to put the prices up, we want Formula E to be very accessible and we want children to be there, and if tickets are too expensive there will be fewer children there. Rome was full of families and children and that was great to see.
One of the major barriers that environmentalists face in trying to implement sustainable practices is getting disparate groups to agree on what needs protecting and which way is the best course of action.
Work by a University of Kansas researcher shows that the development of local food systems in Kansas and Missouri could help bridge some of those gaps, especially as the process of sharing sustainable farming knowledge and educating local consumers provides an avenue for finding common ground across differing moral orders and environmental ideologies.
"Many of the farmers I talked to expressed being surprised at the relationships they built with people who were so different than them," said Ruth Stamper, a KU doctoral candidate in Sociology.
Stamper will present their findings on Tuesday, Aug. 15, at the American Sociological Association's 2017 annual meeting in Montreal.
In their interviews with Kansas and Missouri farmers seeking to develop sustainable agricultural practices as part of local food systems, they found a mix of first-time farmers usually entering the arena for environmental reasons and multi-generation farmers who were looking to change their approach, or at least differ from corporate farming operations.
Local farmers tend to raise crops and livestock to produce food that can be consumed locally, often sold through farmers markets or at home. Corporate farming operations often raises crops solely for livestock consumption, rather than as food meant to make it directly to someone's dinner table.
Religious beliefs among the local farmers they interviewed often emerged as the most obvious difference that participation in local food systems tended to bridge, they said. Much of the traditional family farmers were devout Christians who would often initially voice skepticism about first-generation farmers, likely having reticence about environmentalism and worshipping of nature or farmers who were members of the LGBTQ community.
Instead, as they began to interact more with each other within the local food system and farming efforts, they became more accepting of those not like them.
"The local farmers all have the same kind of end goal in mind, even though they were coming from two different ideologies," said Stamper, who farms near Joplin, Missouri. "They were coming together to build these local food networks, to educate and produce consumers for their products. They shared practices and how they were educating themselves, creating this space where they are building they relationships that haven't necessarily developed before."
This type of research could be key in helping develop local food systems and movements, Stamper said.
"It's crucial to be studying local food networks and sustainable agriculture because it's a very important way that we can be addressing climate change," they said. "We need to be focusing on local solutions. Supporting sustainable agriculture is really vital for healthy, food-secure communities, for our relationship to the environment, and especially for finding ways to come together across these ideological divides to address serious environmental concerns."
###
SAN ANTONIO (AP) - A Texas judge has ordered a comprehensive psychological evaluation of a former nurse convicted of killing a toddler and giving an overdose to an infant who survived.
Genene Jones is charged with killing four other babies and awaits trial on a murder charge for the death of 11-month-old Joshua Sawyer in December 1981. Them attorneys requested the evaluation in the hope of supporting Jones' claims of diminished capacity because of strokes and their assertion that they hear phantom voices.
Authorities suspect Jones, who's 67, is responsible for the deaths of as many as 60 children. She's served decades in prison since their first murder conviction in 1984 and was to be released last March, but Bexar (bayr) County prosecutors obtained indictments charging them with murder in four other infant deaths.
Cheltenham Town manager Gary Johnson believes there are too many fixtures scheduled for the opening weeks of the season.
The Robins play Swansea City at home in the Checkatrade Trophy on Tuesday night, which will be their fourth match of seven in August.
They have their longest League Two trips of the season to Carlisle United on Saturday, having already made the trek north to Morecambe on the opening day.
Cheltenham also needed extra-time to cause an upset at Oxford United in the first round of the Carabao Cup last week, earning them a televised home tie against West Ham United next Wednesday night.
They round off the first month of the 2017/18 campaign at home to Exeter City on August 26.
"We will have played eight games within a month of the start of the season," Johnson said.
"I think it's too early in season to have extra-time and you are always worrying about injuries.
"I think the League Cup games should be straight to penalties after the 90 minutes and that's me talking as a manager who has won in extra-time too.
"We have worked hard on our fitness and stretching, but we have lost Jerell Sellars for a month with a hamstring injury and it's a big ask to play so many games in such a short space of time at the start of the season."
In just two months as the nation's top cop, Sessions has moved quickly to overhaul the policies and priorities set by the Obama administration…
Sessions has made immigration enforcement a top priority. Late last month they put “sanctuary cities” on notice, announcing that grant money would be withheld from state and local governments that refuse to cooperate with federal authorities and turn over undocumented immigrants arrested for crimes.
Federal prosecutors have also been alerted to a new national push to crack down on violent crime. Sessions tapped Steven Cook, a federal prosecutor and outspoken opponent of criminal justice reform, to lead the charge as assistant deputy attorney general; they will be leading Sessions's new Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas — Marcus Harris scored a career-high 28 points to lead Sam Houston State to an 84-77 win over Abilene Christian on Saturday night.
Harris was 14 of 15 from the free throw line, equaling the number of free throws that the Abilene Christian team made. The Bearkats finished with 26 of 32 free-throw attempts.
Christopher Galbreath Jr. had 21 points and Jamal Williams chipped in 16 for Sam Houston State (14-10, 8-3 Southland Conference), which is now just one game behind league leaders Nicholls and New Orleans.
The Bearkats led for most of the game, taking a 43-32 advantage into the break. Abilene Christian worked its way back into contention and closed to 62-61 with 8:06 remaining following Tevin Foster's trey. Harris and Cameron Delaney made four straight free throws and Harris nailed a 3 to extend the lead to 69-63. Harris made nine free throws down the stretch to seal the win.
Keep up with "Painted Woman" online at www.facebook.com/paintedwomanfilm and www.paintedwomanfilm.com.
Editor's Note: These reviews may contain spoilers for “Painted Woman.” The film is screening this week in Fort Smith, Ark.
———————————————————————————————
Huggins: “Painted Woman” is an inspirational story of a young woman named Julie Richards, who found their voice and their strength in an impossible situation. The movie — which falls most closely into the western genre — is not your typical western.
Julie starts out as little more than a slave for a rich and influential old man. Through their mistreatment, they are forced to find the inner strength to stand up to traditional ideals of what a woman should be and they make their own way in the world.
Julie is helped by multiple dynamic characters on their road to self discovery. Vince Wagner, a lone mustanger, offers them a view of a world they have never experienced — s world where people are kind and one in which Julie can envision a life of happiness.
Ultimately, Julie learns a universal lesson, life is never what we expect it to be. Through beautiful scenery and cinematography, Julie takes viewers on their journey and makes it feel like their own.
The most inspiring aspect of the story is that Julie learns what is really inside of them and that there are good people in the world ready to help, and they are strong enough to become one herself.
———————————————————————————————
Corbin: Want a bit of everything? “Painted Woman” has it — comedy, romance, drama and action, all bound together in one western film still screening in theaters across the border in Fort Smith, Ark.
“Painted Woman” takes inspiration from Dusty Richards' western novel “The Mustanger and the Lady.”
Producer Amber Lindley and Associate Producer Priscilla Tran spoke on Director James Cotten's take on the film in a visit to Poteau when it screened in the local theatre, stating that Cotten “has an understanding and a sensitivity to women and our issues” and viewers would not know the film was directed by a man because Cotten “did it so well with their understanding of those kinds of experiences [of women]. “And like Tran and Lindley said, Cotten delivers.
Julie Richards (played by Stef Dawson) escapes their life of prostitution only to find themselves hunted down. They then meets what we presume to be their hero — Vince Wagner (played by David Thomas Jenkins). But the film becomes less of a hero saving the damsel in distress, and more about Julie rescuing themselves as they take the reigns of their own life.
The film also couldn't premiere at a better time after the explosion of the social media #MeToo movement. Time Magazine announced earlier this week that the movement, whom they called “The Silence breakers,” was Time's Person of the Year. It is a year of strong women, and Julie is undoubtedly a strong character who showcases the ability of the woman to be inspiring, unrelenting and, no doubt, empowering.
In addition to the emotional maturity of “Painted Woman,” it is visually and audibly stunning. Filmed in Oklahoma, it showcases much of our state's natural beauty.
There is also a play with color. Taking a note from its inspiration from Richards' novel, the film is divided into a first and second chapter, which mirror each other with the first half dark and shadowy, a representation of the unfortunate hole Julie has found themselves in. When we begin the second chapter, it truly takes off like a new chapter in their life as, visually, light is allowed to expand and illuminate the film's settings and characters.
It also plays with the ear. All the familiar sounds of the south are noted, such as the crickets in the wilderness.
The filmmakers use sound to expand or relieve tension between characters. Just as well, the dialogue feels natural and unforced, allowing for the viewer to easily become captivated with the story of Julie in their venture to survive.
Station wagons used to be everywhere. My best friend in high school drove some gigantic, late-'60s station wagon in that peculiar color I thought of as "station wagon green" with a healthy helping of faux wood paneling. Throw in a bit of rust, a few inches of fast food wrappers on the floor of the back seat, and a radio capable of cranking out the latest rock hits from KBPI (rocks the Rockies!) from the sole dashboard speaker, and you had... a common and unremarkable ride for the early 1980s.
How time (and tastes) have changed. Once ubiquitous, the station wagon is something of a rare sight on roads now populated by crossovers, SUVs, and minivans. Three decades ago, if you wanted something that could carry kids and a bunch of gear, your choice was either a station wagon or a van. And not the mini kind of van, either. Yet the station wagon is hanging in there—just about—even when there are so many other options. When given the chance to drive one, the Buick Regal TourX with Smart Driver tech, we jumped at the chance.
A sleeker wagon
Buick
Buick
Buick
Buick
Buick
Buick
Further Reading Review: Buick aims high, falls short with $60,000 Enclave Avenir If you're reading this in Europe and have seen the Opel Insignia Country Tourer tooling around, you'll know what the TourX looks like, as that's the car it's based on. At first glance, the Regal TourX doesn't astound or amaze. But it's an attractive car, with slim headlights and LED running lights that remind me a little bit of a nine-iron. Buick's iconic trishield sits front and center on the black vertical grille, with chrome accent pieces on either side giving the impression that the logo is about to take flight. There's a bit of cladding to add visual interest to the side, and the overall effect is a sleek, forward-looking station wagon. That's an accomplishment by itself, as "sleek" is not an adjective usually seen in the same sentence as "station wagon."
Mechanically, the TourX uses GM's Epsilon II platform, the same as the Cadillac XTS and Chevy Malibu. Under the hood is a turbocharged 2.0-liter, inline four-cylinder engine. It cranks out 250hp (186kW) and 295ft-lb (400Nm) of torque. Although it doesn't look it, the TourX is long, measuring in at 196.3 inches (498cm). There's an eight-speed automatic transmission with all-wheel drive, with the option for manual shifting using the gear lever. Eighteen-inch aluminum wheels are standard. Buick also includes TeenDriver and its new Smart Driver tech, which assigns you a score for each trip based on acceleration, braking, mileage, and other factors. Getting a scorecard on my phone after each trip was sometimes illuminating—we'll have more on Smart Driver in a separate article.
As configured, with the Essence (high-end) trim paired with Driver Confidence Package I (wireless charging, LED headlights, rear parking camera and cross-traffic alert, blind spot warnings, and a few other features) and the infotainment system, the TourX runs $39,750. Stripped down, the TourX starts at $29,995. If you want all of the driver-assist tech, you'll end up a bit north of $41,000, depending on which options you go with.
Further Reading Review: Buick aims high, falls short with $60,000 Enclave Avenir On the interior, Buick has gone with a more subtle and classy styling. The TourX has black leather seats, a black dashboard, dark faux-wood accents on the center console, and a beige headliner. It works really well, unlike the large splash of brown on the dashboard of the Buick Enclave Avenir. The driver's seat offers the typical eight-way adjustment, and it's quite comfortable. The backseat is not spacious due to the large cargo area, but normal-sized adults won't have much to complain about when it comes to legroom. Speaking of the cargo area, there are 33 cubic feet of space for your stuff, which expands to 74 cubic feet when the back seats are folded down 40-20-40 style. One evening, I folded down the seats and effortlessly threw my road bike back there so I could take it in for a tuneup. For situations like this, the TourX—and station wagons in general—get the nod over crossovers simply because the lower height makes loading and unloading a bit easier.
The TourX cockpit is pretty basic: four analog indicators (speedometer, coolant temp, fuel, and tachometer) with a small digital display taking up the bottom middle of the instrument panel. Controls on the steering wheel let you cycle through the usual options (i.e., speed, trip statistics, mileage), control the radio, toggle cruise control, and the like. As I mentioned in my review of the Enclave, I'm not a fan of Buick's steering wheels. Button functions aren't always readily apparent, and changing radio stations requires a near-impossible thumb stretch. Buick's IntelliLink infotainment system remains underwhelming, and with the seat and steering wheel adjusted to my liking, the right part of the touchscreen was tantalizingly out of reach. Android Auto and CarPlay are included, and the CarPlay icons are huge, likely due to low pixel density on the eight-inch display.
It's all Buick, and that's ok
Buick
Eric Bangeman
Buick
Buick
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
Eric Bangeman
It's not all low-tech with Buick and the Regal TourX, however. As part of the review, I downloaded the myBuick app (available for iOS and Android). Using the app and the built-in LTE connectivity in the car, you can start the car, lock or unlock the doors, or sound the horn—particularly useful for startling one of your children. Perhaps the most compelling feature is the ability to look up an address in the app and then send directions to the in-car GPS. That beats pressing virtual buttons on the IntelliLink screen or propping your phone up so you can see the turn-by-turn directions in Google Maps. myBuick is also the interface point for Smart Driver.
What the TourX has going for it is a quiet and comfortable ride. Buick loves active noise cancellation, and its QuietTuning tech really does the job when it comes to quieting your ride. I made a couple of phone calls using IntelliLink's hands-free system, and both folks commented on how quiet it was. My wife was confused when I rolled down the window for a second, as they thought I was in a very quiet room. Not only is the ride quiet, it's also smooth and comfortable, as the TourX does a nice job insulating passengers from rough pavement.
Acceleration is decent—nothing to write home about but adequate for usual city/suburban/highway driving. On country roads, the car surprised me in a good way. The TourX is sprung for comfort, not sportiness, so there's a good deal of weight transfer to the outside wheels when cornering. Even so, the wagon managed to feel somewhat flat, even when hitting curves aggressively. Handling was such that I always felt a solid connection to the road. Steering is responsive and effortless even at low speeds.
The car seemed pretty preoccupied with the cold. Temps were in the mid to high 30s one morning when I started up the car. Even though it was bone dry, the display warned me about possible icy conditions. Also, the seat heat sometimes automatically switched on when I started the car—and it seemed completely random and not related to whether the heated seats were active when I last turned off the ignition.
Buick claims 24mpg (21 city, 29 highway) for the TourX. I ended up just shy of 25mpg after a week of driving around Chicagoland.
All in all, this is a very solid effort by Buick. As configured, the TourX I drove for a week was missing some of the driver-assist tech I've become accustomed to, like adaptive cruise control and lane-keep assist. Add the Driver Confidence Package II for an additional $1,190 (on top of the $1,725 DCP I) if you want it. If you don't—and GM's driver-assist tech is middle-of-the-road at best, right now—you're left with a car that lets you focus more on the driving experience. It's a low-tech experience, and I believe there's a segment of the car-buying public comfortable with that.
GM isn't going to single-handedly resuscitate the station wagon segment with the TourX. That ship has sailed, leaving Americans in a sea of SUVs and crossovers (and a few Subaru Outbacks) instead. But Buick is on to something with the TourX. There's certainly room in the American market for a comfortable station wagon that offers a smooth, quiet ride and ample storage room. If you're in the market for something with all of the latest in-car and driver-assistance tech, you will want to drive past the Buick dealership. But if you don't care about that stuff and don't want to climb into an SUV, it's worth checking out.
By PETE IACOBELLI, AP Sports Writer
HILTON HEAD ISLAND, S.C. (AP) — Wesley Bryan hadn't played in a PGA Tour sanctioned event 15 months ago. Now, he's a tour winner.
What's changed?
“I do not know,” Bryan said Sunday after winning their first tour title at the RBC Heritage, choosing to cite Will Ferrell's line from the movie Anchorman: “That escalated quickly.”
Bryan got some attention for their internet trick shots, but had not done much in their mini-tour career after playing college golf at South Carolina until making the Web.com Tour and winning three times in their debut season last year. Bryan earned a promotion to the PGA Tour, and now he's got a trophy, the first South Carolinian to win the tour's lone stop in the Palmetto State.
“Honestly, I've got no idea,” Bryan said. “It's still kind of surreal. Maybe one day I'll wake up and kind of realize what's gone on the last 15 months or so.”
The capper came on Sunday when Bryan rallied from four strokes down when the round began for their breakthrough victory. They used four straight birdies on the front to get in the mix, then moved to the top with a birdie on the 15th hole.
Bryan made three steady, championship two-putt pars on the way in to maintain a one-stroke lead over Luke Donald.
Bryan, 27, steadied their nerves on the 72nd hole — the iconic, 18th lighthouse hole — and tapped in the final putt for the victory.
“It's one that I grew up dreaming on the practice green late at night when I was a kid,” Bryan recalled. “Like this putt's to the win the Heritage. And to get it done here is one of the coolest experiences ever.”
___
Other things to take from the RBC Heritage:
MAGIC MCGIRT: William McGirt followed up a solid showing at the Masters last week with their best-ever finish at the RBC Heritage. McGirt shot four rounds in the 60s to finish at 11 under 273, two shots behind champion Wesley Bryan. Like Bryan, McGirt is a South Carolina native who grew up in Boiling Springs near Spartanburg. They were tied for 22nd in their first-ever tournament at Augusta National.
LUKE, I AM YOUR RUNNER-UP: It was another close call at Harbour Town for Luke Donald, who finished runner-up here for the fifth time since 2009. Throw in a pair of third place finishes and that's seven top threes in their last nine visits here. While he's won $3.7 million in career earnings here, Donald would desperately like to break through to victory. This time, it was Donald's 1-over 72 on Saturday that cost him.
KUCHAR'S CHARGE: Matt Kuchar used a Sunday charge two weeks in a row to make some noise on the leaderboard. Kuchar shot a 5-under 31 on the final nine holes at Augusta National to finish in fourth at the Masters. This time, Kuchar shot a 7-under 64 as an early starter Sunday at Harbour Town to climb to 11th — an improvement of 52 positions from where they ended Saturday.
POISED YOUNGSTERS: Wesley Bryan wasn't the only 20-something to show he's ready to take off on the PGA Tour. Ollie Schniederjans, 23, held the lead for much of the final round and their tie for third was their best PGA Tour finish. Patrick Cantlay, 25, played Harbour Town for the first time and shot under par in all four rounds to finish alongside Schniederjans and William McGirt in a tie for third.
Bud Cauley, 27, had the tournament's best round with their 8-under 63 on Thursday and wound up tied for ninth, their second top-10 finish this year.
POULTER CLOSES IN: England's Ian Poulter finished tied for 11th at 8 under and earned $114,045 toward the $145,000 total they need this week and next to earn back their playing privileges as they finish competing on a major medical extension. Poulter is entered at the Valero Texas Open in San Antonio next week.
___
More AP golf: apnews.com/tag/apf-Golf
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
LKM Recycling, a leading provider of waste management and recycling services in the UK, offers solutions for salvaging and reusing paper and cardboard waste. These solutions help businesses minimise waste and comply with environmental regulations.
[SITTINGBOURNE, 30/05/2018] — LKM Recycling, a leading name in waste management and recycling services in the UK, offers recycling solutions for paper and cardboard. These solutions help businesses comply with environmental regulations by reducing the amount of waste they send to the landfill.
Paper and Cardboard Are Recyclable Waste
Businesses produce considerable amounts of paper and cardboard waste daily. Paper and cardboard are often used in common forms of packaging today. The problem, however, is that many companies think that since paper products are biodegradable, they don't have to be recycled. With that assumption, these businesses add to the waste materials that go to the landfill.
The fact is paper and cardboard are recyclable up to nine times, as they are made from wood pulp. The process of recycling these materials is easier and more efficient than creating new paper products. Recycled paper and cardboard waste are often used as brown paper bags, cereal boxes, shoe boxes, tissue boxes and various other products.
Reliable Waste Collection and Recycling Services
LKM Recycling's punctual, reliable waste collection services make paper and cardboard disposal for businesses convenient. The company accepts all forms of paper and cardboard, including bundled and loose ones. It also has the experience and resources to ensure proper collection, management, and recycling of paper and cardboard waste from corporate clients.
Businesses need not worry about where their paper waste goes. LKM Recycling reutilises paper products to their fullest value, reducing the environmental impact of these waste materials. More importantly, LKM Recycling is dedicated to educating clients on the value of recycling and the benefits of waste segregation.
By simply offering efficient waste collection and recycling solutions, LKM Recycling helps businesses reduce waste and fulfil their corporate social responsibility to become more environmentally conscious.
About LKM Recycling
With over 35 years of experience in the industry, LKM Recycling has become one of the most trusted providers of waste management and recycling services in the UK. It collects, purchases, and recycles a range of waste materials from various industries. These materials include wood, plastic, paper and cardboard, scrap and ferrous metals.
For more information about LKM Recycling and its services, visit http://www.lkm.org.uk.
Thousands of spiders create massive spiderweb in New Zealand field while fleeing flooding. "I screamed pretty loudly at my discovery." pic.twitter.com/l3EPI9PhUX
WOBBLY WIDE WEB A Field Covered In A Layer Of Spiderweb Seems Like The Last Thing You See Before A Giant Spider Kills You
Expect to see this very real natural phenomenon used in a giant spider-sequel to "Kong: Skull Island." We'd bet on it.
Living in Sioux Falls this time of year can make a person go a little stir crazy! You may have the winter blues. For some it's cabin fever. What do you do? Well get off your butt and get moving.
Live Well Sioux Falls is the answer to beat the winter blues with physical activity encouraging residents to get outside for some healthy and fun activities.
You don't need to wait for sunshine and 70 degrees. The Beat the Blues Winter Marathon begins today Monday, January 22 and challenges you to complete a full marathon by February 28.
So get outdoors and move at your own pace toward that 26 miles, tracking your miles as you walk, run, bike, snowshoe, ski, and more. And if the outdoors isn't your thing you can count miles by walking indoors or by water walking or swimming.
Download a mileage form at www.livewellsiouxfalls.org or pick up a paper copy at the following locations:
Sioux Falls Health Department, 521 North Main Avenue
The Outdoor Campus, 4500 South Oxbow Avenue
Midco Aquatic Center, 1601 South Western Avenue
Sioux Falls Parks and Recreation community centers
A Winter Marathon Moonlight Mile event will wrap up the program on Friday, March 2, at The Outdoor Campus. The evening will include walking (or snowshoeing) a trail beneath the full moon, healthy snacks, and prize drawings.
See Also:
0 NAACP holds July 4 protest at Stone Mountain, calls landmark 'largest shrine to white supremacy'
ATLANTA - The Atlanta chapter of the NAACP wants the carvings of Confederate leaders gone from the side of Stone Mountain.
On Wednesday, the Fourth of July, the group is holding a large protest beginning at 7 a.m. The group is meeting at a rally point in Stone Mountain Village visitor's center and then marching about two miles to the top of the mountain.
“Join us to protest America's bigotry at the world's largest shrine to white supremacy. Express your disapproval of racism, sexism, religious intolerance and discrimination based on national origin,” reads a notice about the rally on the chapter's website.
The north face of Stone Mountain depicts three Confederate figures — Confederacy President Jefferson Davis and generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson. Work on the carving began in 1923, according to the park's website. It is 400 feet above ground and the entire carved surface covers about three acres. It is larger than Mount Rushmore.
Stone Mountain has again become a focal point as conversations about removing Confederate monuments across the country have escalated. In 2017, Baltimore removed its statue of Lee, New Orleans removed four Confederate statues and several other cities around the country followed.
>> Read more trending news
Around that time, in August, Stacey Abrams — now the Democratic nominee for governor of Georgia — called for the removal of the Stone Mountain carvings in a series of tweets, saying, “Confederate monuments belong in museums where we can study and reflect on that terrible history, not in places of honor across our state… The visible image of Stone Mountain's edifice remains a blight on our state and should be removed.”
On Tuesday, commenting on a tweet about the NAACP's rally, Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle — who is now in a runoff race for the Republican nomination for governor — said, “When I'm governor, I'll fight to preserve Stone Mountain as the monument and cultural attraction it was intended to be. I'll work on behalf of all Georgians, but I will also stand up to the extremists who think we have to sandblast the past to move into the future.”
When I'm governor, I'll fight to preserve Stone Mountain as the monument and cultural attraction it was intended to be. I'll work on behalf of all Georgians, but I will also stand up to the extremists who think we have to sandblast the past to move into the future. https://t.co/SEb5h8SAng — Casey Cagle (@CaseyCagle) July 3, 2018
The Atlanta NAACP is asking protesters to park at the Antioch AME Church. Shuttle buses will pick up protesters and take them to the rally point. Stone Mountain opens to visitors on July 4 at 10:30 a.m.
A Facebook page for the event asks protesters to “carry American flags or signs of protest or wear protest shirts or hats.” According to another webpage for the event on EndTheConfederacy.com, groups such as the Georgia Alliance for Social Justice, Black Lives Matter and March for Our Lives are also expected to participate.
A call from the AJC to the Atlanta NAACP offices on Tuesday afternoon was not immediately returned.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Nelson Agholor has flu-like symptoms but should be able to play in Sunday's Super Bowl against the New England Patriots, according to a report.
Agholor had IVs on Saturday morning after "feeling sick and weak," according to Ian Rapoport of NFL Network.
In a tweet, Rapoport wrote that Agholor is "already feeling better and should be fine for the game."
The Eagles did not add Agholor to the injury report. Both teams released their final injury reports on Friday, but adjustments can be made due to new injuries and illnesses.
Not adding Agholor is a strong indication that they are expected to play Sunday.
Agholor set career highs across the board in their third season with 62 receptions for 768 yards and eight touchdowns.
United States' Bobby Wood 9) celebrates their goal against Panama in front of cheering fans, with teammates Dax McCarty
Operating out of University of Utah Research Park, PolarityTE is developing a product called SkinTE. The company says its technology will be able to regenerate a burn survivor's healthy skin tissue so that it can be used to heal severe burn wounds with minimal scarring. The company expects to test its process on humans later this year, executives said in June. The regenerated skin also will develop hair follicles, Lough said.
American billionaire George Soros could apparently have had a hand in the recent Slovak crisis, Petr Zantovsky, a lecturer at the University of Economics in Prague, told Sputnik, at the same time expressing doubts regarding the West's potential intentions to kick-start a color revolution in the Central European state.
US billionaire George Soros-linked nongovernmental organizations in Central European states are focusing on "Russian influence" on society, political analyst Petr Zantovsky, a lecturer at the University of Economics in Prague, told Sputnik.
The analyst, who is researching the activities of Soros-funded media outlets and organizations and their influence on public opinion in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, pointed to such platforms as Neovlivni.cz, Hlidacipes.cz and the analytical center European Values (Evropské hodnody).
For example, Neovlivni.cz outlines a list of allegedly pro-Russian individuals and organizations in its section with the eloquent name "Russian trace."
"It is openly stated on the webpages of these platforms that they are being funded by [George Soros'] Open Society Foundations," Zantovsky told Sputnik Czech. "Or, for example, the European Values' Kremlin Watch project is being funded from the same foundation. The main goal of these platforms is to track "Russian influence" on Czech politics and society. At the same time, an analytical report of academics indicated that the Kremlin Watch project has nothing to do with an expert assessment; it appears to be political propaganda. These examples demonstrate that George Soros is funding very specific political activity."
As for Soros' links to the European Values organization, one can easily find that it is supported by the Human Rights League, which is reportedly also funded by the US tycoon, Zantovsky added.
Soros' interference in the affairs of European states has repeatedly become the focus of public attention.
Previously, Slovak former Prime Minister Robert Fico accused President Andrej Kiska of destabilizing the situation in the country, citing their ties with the billionaire. The statement came after the murder of Slovak investigative journalist Jan Kuciak, who was shot dead on February 26, 2018.
Kuciak's assassination prompted a wave of protests throughout the country. Tens of thousands took to the streets in Bratislava and other cities demanding a thorough inquiry into the journalist's death as well as the resignation of the government. The journalist had been known for investigating Italian mafia links to senior Slovak officials.
Fico said that Kyska and Soros held a secret personal meeting in September 2017. They publicly asked Kiska to explain why they had met with the investor and what they had discussed.
Commenting on Fico's statement, Zantovsky noted that they believe that "a politician that is holding such a high post would not have made such a statement if they did not have facts confirming them."
"Moreover, Fico said these words amid the biggest political crisis since the times of [former Prime Minister] Vladimir Meciar," the academic added.
At the same time, Zantovsky expressed doubts regarding the possibility of a Western-backed "color revolution" in Slovakia. They referred to the fact that the Slovak opposition has long been critical of Brussels, and the West would definitely lose if it comes to power. Additionally, there is no unity among the opposition leaders and they do not have a single political program, they noted.
Soros-funded organizations have been repeatedly spotted being involved in anti-government unrest and regime-change operations.
Recently, the billionaire has come under heavy criticism from Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who referred to Soros' attempts to meddle in the country's affairs. For its part, Israel has accused Soros of "continuously undermining Israel's democratically elected governments" in July 2017, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu suggested that the recent smear campaign against them was also backed by the tycoon-funded organizations.
The views and opinions expressed by Petr Zantovsky are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
WASHINGTON (Jan. 2, 2017)--A new study from the George Washington University's Center for the Advanced Study of Human Paleobiology (CASHP) found that whereas brain size evolved at different rates for different species, especially during the evolution of Homo, the genus that includes humans, chewing teeth tended to evolve at more similar rates. The finding suggests that our brains and teeth did not evolve in lock step and were likely influenced by different ecological and behavioral factors.
This research challenges the classically accepted view that reduction of tooth size in hominins is linked with having a larger brain. The reasoning is that larger brains allowed hominins to start making stone tools and that the use of these tools reduced the need to have such large chewing teeth. But recent studies by other authors found that hominins had larger brains before chewing teeth became smaller, and they made and used stone tools when brains were still quite small, which challenges this relationship.
The new study evaluates this issue by measuring and comparing the rates at which teeth and brains have evolved along the different branches of the human evolutionary tree.
"The findings of the study indicate that simple causal relationships between the evolution of brain size, tool use and tooth size are unlikely to hold true when considering the complex scenarios of hominin evolution and the extended time periods during which evolutionary change has occurred," said Aida Gómez-Robles, lead author of the paper and a postdoctoral scientist at GW's CASHP.
To conduct the research, Dr. Gómez-Robles and their colleagues analyzed eight different hominin species. The researchers identified fast-evolving species by comparing differences between groups with those obtained when simulating evolution at a constant rate across all lineages, and they found clear differences between tooth evolution and brain evolution. If the classical view proposing co-evolution between brains and teeth is correct, they expected to see a close correspondence between species evolving at a fast rate for both traits. The differences they observed indicate that diverse and unrelated factors influenced the evolution of teeth and brains.
"Once something becomes conventional wisdom, in no time at all it becomes dogma," said Bernard Wood, university professor of human origins at GW and a co-author of the paper. "The co-evolution of brains and teeth was on a fast-track to dogma status, but we caught it in the nick of time."
The research published Jan. 2 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
###
Multimedia Resources
Photos available upon request.
-GW-
NEW YORK — Hours after getting a vote of confidence from their coach, Jaroslav Halak came through with one of their best games of the season.
Halak made 31 saves, and the New York Islanders beat the Washington Capitals 3-1 on Monday night to snap a three-game winless streak.
It was the second time this season that Halak held an opponent to a single goal and the third time New York has allowed one goal as a team. Halak's strong performance came after coach Doug Weight sternly defended their goaltenders following the team's skate Monday morning. New York was 1-3-1 over its last five games.
"I felt good out there," Halak said. "Obviously it would be nicer to get a shutout, but I think a win is a win. Two points at home and it was really a good game by pretty much everybody on the ice. Everybody had a role and they played it."
Brock Nelson, Andrew Ladd and John Tavares scored goals for the Islanders, who built a 3-0 lead early in the second period and ended Washington's four-game winning streak. The Islanders killed off both Washington power plays and snapped a seven-game stretch that saw them surrender one or more power-play goals.
The Islanders (17-10-3) extended their home record to 9-1-2, while Washington (18-12-1) fell to 6-7-1 on the road.
"He was great," Ladd said about Halak. "A lot of big saves, especially in the second. When we had a two-goal lead, they had a couple of big ones to keep us with that spread. They were phenomenal tonight."
Braden Holtby made nine saves for the Capitals before being pulled after the Islanders scored their third goal 1:34 into the second period. Philipp Grubauer made 17 saves in relief, and Dmitry Orlov scored Washington's only goal.
"It was a frustrating game," Capitals forward Tom Wilson said. "They played us hard and smart. They had the foot speed, were one or two steps ahead of us all night. They played well."
Nelson scored their ninth goal of the season 2:36 into the first period. Jason Chimera passed to Cal Clutterbuck to set up the initial shot, and Nelson picked up the rebound and banked the puck off the inside of Holtby's pad.
Federal prosecutors are treating the case as a terrorist murder and are investigating whether anybody else was involved. Prosecutors stressed that all avenues were being investigated including a link with IS. They noted that a quick intervention by Liège police had averted a bloodbath.
At one point the killer strolled in and out of a café as if they were looking for fresh victims but because the landlord had told everybody to flee tragedy was averted.
One day after repeat offender Benjamin Herman shot two women police officers and a young student dead in Liège many questions still surround the motives for these crimes.
The investigation into the killings and a fourth earlier in the week is in full progress. A search of Herman's jail cell at Marche-en-Famenne prison yielded no results. Investigators are examining whether Herman's slaying of two women police officers was motivated by a hatred of the Belgian police and by extension the Belgian state. The head of Liège police yesterday spoke of Herman consciously targeting police officers.
The method used in the killings betrays determination. They attacked from the rear with a knife and then shot the officers dead with their police gun. This method has been compared those portrayed in IS propaganda.
Herman was involved with drugs in the past. The post mortem will have to establish whether the killer was high on drugs on Monday.
Belgian home minister Jambon: "Possibly they were radicalised (in jail). It's possible they saw no prospect of a future following Monday night's killing. Herman may have been high on drugs. Many questions remain."
Mr Jambon thinks it's likely that Herman was responsible for a fourth killing, the murder of a man who shared Herman's jail cell, earlier in the week.
The Board of Education of Anne Arundel County is scheduled to conduct final discussions and vote on the Annapolis Peninsula redistricting plan at its next meeting, scheduled for April 19, 2017.
The Board has held prior public discussions and a public hearing on the plan, which essentially consists of three separate parts:
Altering the boundaries of elementary schools in the Annapolis cluster in the 2017-2018 school year.
Shifting Mills-Parole Elementary School to feed into Annapolis Middle School in the 2017-2018 school year.
Moving students from two neighborhoods north of the Severn River from Annapolis Elementary School to Arnold Elementary School, as well as some students from Germantown Elementary School to Annapolis Elementary School, in the 2019-2020 school year.
The complete plan can be found on the redistricting page of the Anne Arundel County Public Schools website.
The Board is scheduled to take separate votes on each of the three parts of the plan, which can be accomplished independently. No public testimony on the plan will be taken at the April 19 meeting.
The meeting is scheduled to begin at 7 p.m. in the Board Room at the Parham Building, located at 2644 Riva Road, Annapolis. The Board will meet at 5:30 p.m. to vote to go into closed session, during which time it will discuss confidential matters as permitted by the Maryland Open Meetings Act including, but not limited to, legal advice, personnel, and negotiations. Closed session is not open to the public. The general session of the meeting, which is open to the public, will begin at 7:00 p.m.
A complete agenda for the meeting accompanies this news release. More information on agenda items will be posted on the AACPS website in the Board Docs section under the Board of Education tab.
The general session of Wednesday's Board meeting will be broadcast live on AACPS-TV, which can be found on Channel 96 on Comcast and Broadstripe, and Channel 36 on Verizon. High definition broadcasts can be seen on Channel 996 on Comcast, Channel 496 on Broadstripe, and Channel 1961 on Verizon. Rebroadcasts are scheduled for 7:00 p.m. the day after the meeting and 2:00 p.m. on subsequent Sundays.
The meeting can also be viewed live on the Internet.
Archived videos of Board meetings can also be found online.
Board of Education meeting agenda, 4-19-17
Source : AACPS
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A WOMAN has been arrested after allegedly torching a car in a domestic incident at Port Lincoln.
Police and firefighters went to a Port Lincoln address at 2.45am on Sunday after receiving reports of a car alight in the driveway.
A Port Lincoln woman, 47, was arrested at the scene. They were charged with arson and bailed to appear in court next month.
The car was completely destroyed in the fire, however, there was no damage to other property and no injuries.
Police said domestic violence is a crime and will not be tolerated.
“Whether it's physical, sexual, emotional, psychological or economic abuse, domestic violence is a deliberate act and is rarely an isolated event,” a police spokesperson said.
PIGG'S PEAK – A packet of Pro-Vita biscuits can easily be lifted even by a child but during self-proclaimed Prophet Nkosingiphile Dlamini's service, a trained weightlifter failed to lift it.
The packet of biscuits which weighed less than 500 gramnes somehow became so heavy that the ‘muscle man' fell while carrying it.
This was one of the ‘miracles' the prophet who is the head of Bread of Life International Ministries performed this past weekend.
The renowned prophet was preaching during an Easter Service held at Red Cross Baphalali Community Hall. Throngs of worshippers attended the service from as far as South Africa, where Bread of Life International Ministries has branches.
In the past, the prophet performed ‘miracles' that became a centre of controversy in that they claimed to have made some of their congregants eat grass. They also once preached that they would be able to fly, causing a frenzy of debate among church members.
However, this past weekend, the prophet still insisted that their ‘miracles' were God ordained through ‘the blood' of Jesus Christ.
They now operate churches in some parts of the country as well as neighbouring South Africa.
In one of their latest ‘miracles', a man who is also said to be one of their bodyguards and trusted usher was asked to lift a packet of the Provita biscuits.
This was after another member of the church failed to lift the visibly light box of biscuits. The biscuits were meant to be used in place of bread during what is known as ‘holy communion'.
When the first person tried to lift the biscuits, they seemed to fail to do so and instead fell down. It was after this that the prophet then called upon the ‘muscle man' to lift the packet which they easily did.
Dlamini then said, ‘Watch this', while addressing the church.
Immediately they said so, the packet of biscuits suddenly seemed to have become heavy for the ‘muscle man' who then fell to the floor.
As more companies struggle to find workers, Walmart is offering a new perk. Yahoo Finance's Seana Smith, Andy Serwer and Dan Roberts discuss.
BECKLEY, WV (NEWS RELEASE) — The United Way's “Swing into Spring” is Thursday, April 20th at Tamarack.
We will be announcing the cast of this year's Dancing with the Stars for United Way.
Tickets are $40 per person or $75 a couple.
Lots of great food from Tamarack and beverages available.
Call today to purchase your seat and be one of the first to know who is dancing! 304-253-2111!
Comments
comments
Columbus-area patients seeking primary care will have access to a board-certified doctor beginning July 3.
Dr. Benjamen Williams has joined Mercy Clinic Family Medicine – Columbus at 101 W. Sycamore St. Dr. Williams and physician assistant Diana Marshall provide comprehensive health care for all ages.
“We are so excited to have Dr. Williams join us here in Columbus,” said Angella Saporito, administrator of Mercy Hospital Columbus. “He is caring, compassionate and outgoing, and I know they are going to be a perfect fit for our clinic and hospital. Everyone who meets them feels as though they have known them forever. What a great quality in a family doctor.”
Dr. Williams is board certified in family medicine. They received their medical degree from the Joan C. Edwards School of Medicine at Marshall University in Huntington, W.Va. They completed an internal medicine internship at Marshall University Physicians and Surgeons and a residency at Belleville (Illinois) Family Medicine Clinic in conjunction with St. Louis University and Scott Air Force Base (AFB).
The Air Force veteran was a flight surgeon and practiced family medicine at McConnell AFB in Wichita, Kansas. They provided primary care services to more than 3,300 active-duty, reserve and Air National Guard members and their families. They trained military emergency medical technicians and is certified in advanced life support for trauma, cardiac and pediatrics.
Patients can make an appointment with Dr. Williams for July 3 or after by calling the clinic at (620) 429-3636.
“The next generation of iPhones will start production in August, according to a supply chain report from investment firm Rosenblatt Securities, with Apple expected to offer an LCD version of the smartphone at around $200 below the cost of the OLED models shipping at the same time,” Malcolm Owen reports for AppelInsider.
“The note written by Rosenblatt analyst Jun Zhang obtained by AppleInsider anticipates three new iPhone models will be launched later this year. The lineup will consist of two OLED versions, with 5.8-inch and 6.5-inch displays, alongside a 6.1-inch LCD version,” Owen reports. “‘We believe the LCD model is being positioned to be priced more aggressively – in the $799 range' the report states, suggesting it would help push iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s users to upgrade to the ‘iPhone 8S,' apparently also known as the ‘Jaguar' model.”
“The $200 price cut compared to the OLED models is down to an array of cost-cutting measures, including a $50 saving in using LCD instead of OLED, and switching out the steel frame for another material to save $20. Material cost reduction around the radios, a single camera on the rear, the removal of force touch, and other reductions are suggested,” Owen reports. “The 5.8-inch OLED ‘Porsche' model apparently won't have many ‘significant design changes' compared to the existing iPhone X. The larger 6.5-inch OLED ‘Rolls-Royce' model will be positioned at a far higher price, and will have some slightly unusual features. The firm believes it will support the ‘iPen,' which could be a reference to the Apple Pencil or a similar device, though the accessory will not be included in the box with the iPhone. ”
Read more in the full article here.
The first unit of Dabaa nuclear power plant (NPP), which will be built in Egypt with Russia's assistance, is expected to be commissioned in 2026.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russian state-run nuclear corporation Rosatom said Monday that the first unit of Dabaa NPP, which will be built in Egypt with Russia's assistance, is sheduled to be commissioned in 2026.
Earlier in the day, Rosatom Director General Alexey Likhachev and Egyptian Energy Minister Mohamed Shaker signed decrees to bring into force commercial contracts on the construction of Egypt's first NPP. The documents were signed in the presence of the Russian and Egyptian presidents – Vladimir Putin and Abdel Fattah Sisi, respectively.
"The first unit of the El Dabaa NPP is to be commissioned in 2026," Rosatom's press service said.
© AP Photo/ Arun Sankar K., File Russian-Designed Kudankulam NPP in India Works at Full Capacity - Source
Rosatom will build four VVER-1200 units of the Dabaa NPP in the Matrouh region on the Mediterranean coast and supply nuclear fuel throughout the plant's operational lifetime, the press service specified. Furthermore, Rosatom will train the NPP's personnel and assist the Egyptian partners in the operation and maintenance of the nuclear plant during the first 10 years.
A separate agreement stipulates that the Russian side will construct a purpose-built storage and supply containers for storing spent fuel, the press service added.
"The contracts we've signed are a record-breaking deal in the history of the nuclear industry. The total cost of all four contracts amounts to billions of US dollars, also being the biggest non-feedstock deal in Russian history," Likhachev said, as quoted in the press release.
Rosatom's press service noted that the construction of the Dabaa NPP would serve as the incentive for Egypt's industrial development, as dozens of Egyptian companies are expected to participate in the project. In addition, Rosatom is expected to provide assistance to its Egyptian partners in developing the nuclear infrastructure, raising the level of project's localization, training of personnel and improving the public opinion on nuclear energy.
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
<< "Car catches fire while driver pumps gas" -
Duplex catches fire on Devereaux Street
By News-Argus Staff
Published in News on February 14, 2017 2:44 PM
Full Size News-Argus/SETH COMBS Crews inspect and work to control a house fire at 1002 Devereaux St. Tuesday afternoon.
A duplex caught fire at 1002 Devereaux Street at around 2 p.m. today.
The Goldsboro Fire Department responded with three engines and a ladder to the blaze as well EMS.
Once EMS arrived on the scene, fire and smoke were coming out of the left side of the building.
The only person living at the address is Thomas Hines, 55. They were not home at the time the blaze began, but was alerted to the fire by neighbors.
No one else lived in the adjacent part of the duplex.
Fire Chief Gary Whaley said the fire may have been caused by a space heater but that is still under investigation.
Book(s): Spain in Our Hearts by Adam Hoschchild, The Girl From Krakow by Alex Rosenberg and Winter Is Coming by Garry Kasparov
Reviewed by: Jorge Fernandez, vice president of global commerce, Metro Atlanta Chamber
I felt there were too many great books to write a single review this year.
However, by coincidence I came across three unrelated books that share a common theme: the seizure of absolute political power and its ominous consequences to world order and to those that live within it. It seemed like an appropriate idea to explore in a year where questions were raised about the world's political institutions.
The first, Spain in Our Hearts, is a historical narrative about nearly 3,000 Americans who participated in the Spanish Civil War from 1936-39. Most fought for the fleeting Spanish Republic under the Lincoln Brigade, joining 40,000 foreign volunteers led by the Soviet Communist International Brigades. The book tends to preference the losing side of the war. We hear war insights of many unknown Americans in the Brigades, including the “first ever black man to command an integrated military unit of Americans in combat.”
Other narratives in the book pertain to those that later rose to fame, such as Ernest Hemingway and Eric Arthur Blair, who wrote under the name George Orwell. Integral to the ghastly war storyline are the many Soviet purges in the Spanish republic to assert Stalin's dominance of the communist world.
The second book is The Girl from Krakow, a historical novel by Alex Rosenberg. The plot narrates the horrors of a young Jewish woman as they attempt to survive the Soviet and German occupation of Poland in 1939. Intertwined in their ordeal is an idealistic Polish young man who served as a volunteer medical doctor in the International Brigades in Barcelona, Spain (see the first review above).
Their past meets the present when they join the Red Army and serves in the front lines as Soviet soldiers retreat ahead of the 1941 German advance. They end up serving in a top hospital in Moscow during the siege of that city. Here again, we encounter Stalin's many purges of the Trotskyites and their attempts to dominate the Comintern. The book seems to be a warning from Rosenberg's warning that secrets for survival always come back to take its toll.
Then I jumped forward 75 years to Winter is Coming by Garry Kasparov. This is a chilling testimonial of a former world chess champion for the Soviet Union and now, a Russian dissident and optimistic fighter for a threatened Russian democracy. It is a warning about the rise of KGB Lieutenant Colonel Vladimir Putin to Russia's presidency in 1999, and their grasp of utter control in today's Russia.
Hoschchild, Rosenberg and Kasparov make us ponder on the alarming outcomes of unlimited power and its effect on all of us who are entangled within its web.
—
Buy these books and support Global Atlanta:
Editor's note: Global Atlanta receives a commission on any books purchased through the Amazon links above. These links were added after the reviews were received and had no bearing on the books selected or the content of the reviews. If you find yourself wanting to purchase this book, clicking through from our site would be a good way to support our publication.
OTTAWA — Canada has quietly paid another $54 million toward the development of the F-35 stealth fighter, bringing its total investment in the controversial project to roughly half a billion dollars over the last 20 years.
The government is consulting with fighter-jet builders, including U.S. aerospace giant Boeing, before launching a formal competition early next year to decide on a replacement for the air force's aging CF-18s.
Boeing remains on the fence about whether its Super Hornet will participate in the competition because of enduring questions about how the government will run it.
One concern is a new provision the government announced last year that aims to make it more difficult for companies that are deemed to be hurting the Canadian economy to win defence contracts.
WILDWOOD, N.J. (AP) - Police in a New Jersey beach town have released body camera footage showing the violent arrest of a Philadelphia woman accused of underage drinking over the Memorial Day weekend.
A bystander posted video online showing a Wildwood police officer punching Emily Weinman in the head during the Saturday arrest. The 20-year-old woman faces several charges, including aggravated assault on a police officer.
The body camera footage released on Wednesday shows an officer as they confront and argues with Weinman over the discovery of alcoholic iced tea drinks in their possession. Wildwood officials say the videos show Weinman assaulting the officers first.
Police have identified the officers involved as Thomas Cannon, John Hillman and Robert Jordan.
Weinman's lawyer say the videos show police overreacted.
Earlier this year, we took a look at some MVP odds by Odds Shark, who had quarterback Blake Bortles listed with the 23rd best odds in the league. Someone else who made the list with the same odds was their teammate Leonard Fournette, who is a Bleacher Report recently listed as a dark horse candidate to win the award.
Assuming Fournette remains healthy, expect their touches to increase. ESPN.com's Michael DiRocco tweeted last week that the second-year running back was “looking a bit slimmer” during organized team activities. Jacksonville's plethora of weapons at wide receiver should also force defensive coordinators to reconsider moving an extra defender into the box to stop the run. […] Fournette's svelte figure and dual-threat capability should put them in the MVP conversation if he's on the field for 15-16 games and the Jaguars win another AFC South title.
One signing that Bleacher Report forgot to mention was that of guard Andrew Norwell, who is one of the best run blockers in football. Their addition could ultimately be the most important for Fournette, who ran for just over 1,000 yards and nine touchdowns in 2017.
As for the receivers, the Jags' group will consist of free-agent acquisitions Donte Moncrief and Austin Seferian-Jenkins, 2018 draftee D.J. Chark and veterans Marqise Lee, Dede Westbrook and Keelan Cole. On paper, that's a top-15 group that has the right mix of speed, size and experience to take defenders out of the box with the right connections from Bortles. In fact, when you look at the offensive roster in its entirety, this may be the best all-around offensive staff they've had in quite some time. That bodes well for Fournette, who the Jags have basically come out to say is their featured offensive player.
Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) president Thilanga Sumathipala has said that they are "keen" to take their national team to Pakistan for the first time since their bus was attacked by gunmen in Lahore.
No Test side has toured Pakistan since the March 2009 militants attack on the Lankan cricket team bus in Lahore, killing six Pakistani police officers and injuring some of the visiting players. However, low-ranked sides namely Afghanistan and Zimbabwe had toured the country for a limited-over series.
Sri Lanka and Pakistan are due to play each other in a full series that starts at the end of September. And as per an SLC release, Sri Lanka will play at least one of the three-T20 games in Lahore in September this year "if all logistical and operational plans fall in place".
Speaking at the Asian Cricket Council's (ACC) AGM on Saturday, Sumathipala said, "I am keen to take my team to Pakistan." "We have had our security experts visit and make an assessment, and things look positive with things improving all over the country and especially Lahore being cleared. We have three T20 games coming up against Pakistan in September and we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore," ESPNcricinfo quoted them as saying. "I call upon each one of you as members to play your role and give Pakistan the security of your support. There is always risk - there were two attacks in London during the Champions trophy, but cricket continued under the security assurances if the ICC, so likewise we too must be as accommodating and understanding as possible with our members and extend our fullest support to them as the cricketing family of Asia," they added. However, despite Sumathipala's eagerness, it is not clear yet how Sri Lanka's players will react to the prospect of playing in Pakistan. Since 2009, Pakistan have played most of their "home" games in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), although they hosted Australia in England in 2010. The International Cricket Council (ICC) is slated to send a World XI to Pakistan in September for three-match T20 series.
ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - Jordanian-Palestinian writer Ibrahim Nasrallah has won the International Prize for Arabic Fiction with a novel about humanity's capacity for savagery.
"The Second War of the Dog" was named winner at a ceremony Tuesday in the Emirates capital, Abu Dhabi.
Set in a dystopian future society, the book centers on an opponent of the regime who descends into brutal nihilism. The author has called it "a warning of what we could become in the future."
Ibrahim Al Saafin, who chaired the judging panel, said the book used "humor and insight" to expose society's tendency toward brutality.
Nasrallah's book was chosen from among 124 entries from 14 countries for the award, which is affiliated with Britain's prestigious Man Booker Prize.
They win $50,000 and funding for an English translation of their novel.
Technical delegates from international federations have completed a two day visit to San Diego as preparations for the inaugural Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC) World Beach Games continue.
ANOC said the visit was to give delegates a chance to assess the proposed venues for their competitions at the Games in the American city.
Delegates will now be able to give feedback on the existing plans, with the visit coinciding with the full confirmation of the final list of 15 sports and 17 disciplines for the Games.
Aquathlon, a combination of running and swimming, was proposed as the sole triathlon discipline, while a five kilometres open water swimming race was also included.
BMX cycling, bouldering, beach handball, kata karate, kitefoil sailing, park skateboarding, beach soccer, beach tennis, 3x3 basketball, beach volleyball 4x4 and beach wrestling also feature.
Shortboard and longboard surfing events are now proposed, along with water ski jumping and wakeboarding.
It has been claimed that delegates were impressed by the size and space of Mission Beach, where competition venues and practice areas will be located.
ANOC said the federations will have enough space to hold their events, but they have also ensured that all competitions will be hosted in one area, allowing fans to easily walk between venues.
All of the federations present had meetings with ANOC and San Diego 2019 to further discuss plans for their sports.
The meetings gave governing bodies the opportunity to suggest amendments to ensure athletes have the best experience.
A general overview of the Games concept and plan was presented to each delegate present.
The visit coincided with confirmation of the full sport programme for the Games ©ANOC
This included a review of the field of play, along with information on preparation areas, medical plans, media provision, equipment, accommodation, transport, doping controls and visa guidelines.
Hotels which will be used to accommodate athletes and officials during the Games were also toured by officials.
It is anticipated that the 15 sports will bring together approximately 1,300 athletes from every Olympic continent during six days of competition.
It is not expected that every National Olympic Committee (NOC) will participate in the sporting competition.
However, all 206 of the world's NOCs would be expected to be represented at the ANOC General Assembly taking place alongside the Games.
The event was initially due to take place in 2017 but two years ago was pushed back to 2019 to allow more time for preparations.
A software developer's life can get lonely. Developers spend a lot of time immersed in their code, and often don't get to see the direct impact of their work on the users. That is why events like Randa Meetings are necessary. They help build bonds within the community and show the developers that their work is appreciated.
Randa Meetings are crucial to the KDE community for developer interaction, brainstorming, and bringing great new things to KDE. --- Scarlett Clark
Randa Meetings are a yearly collection of KDE Community contributor sprints that take place in Randa, Switzerland. With origins dating back to a Plasma meeting in 2009, Randa is one of the most important developer-related events in the community.
View from Randa. Photo by Gilles Caulier, CC BY 2.0
This year, Randa Meetings were held from September 10 to September 16, and were centered around a meaningful theme - accessibility.
Accessibility in Free and Open Source Software
Accessibility is incredibly important, yet so often neglected in the process of software development, and implemented almost as an afterthought. Users with disabilities and impairments often find themselves excluded from using the software, and prevented from participating in activities that the rest of us take for granted. Essentially, the software makes them feel as if they don't matter.
To remedy this, many governments enforce laws requiring software to be accessible. There are also accessibility standards, guidelines, and checklists to help developers make their software accessible to all.
FOSS communities and projects have the potential to play a major role in driving software accessibility efforts because of their open nature. People with disabilities can communicate directly with developers, report issues, and request features that they need. Proprietary products are rarely this open to feedback, not to mention the fact they are often very expensive.
Accessibility Settings module in Plasma 5
Assistive technology covers a wide range of products and solutions: from screen magnifiers, screen readers, and text prediction methods to text-to-speech interfaces, speech recognition software, and simplified computer interfaces. There are also advanced solutions like 3D-printed prosthetic limbs, and those that allow controlling the mouse by moving the head or just the eyes.
The best thing about all this technology is that it benefits everyone. Although people usually associate the word "accessibility" with hearing or visually impaired people, assistive technology can make life easier for many other groups: dyslexic or illiterate people, cognitively disabled people, the elderly, anyone with limited mobility or just bad eyesight.
The analogy is clear with wheelchair-accessible spaces, which are useful to parents with baby strollers, people with bicycles and shopping carts, and delivery drivers. Likewise, improving keyboard navigation, image and color contrast, and text-to-speech tools results in satisfaction among non-disabled users. Making software accessible means making software better.
Making KDE Software More Accessible
Generally speaking, there are two ways to make software accessible: either by building special accessibility-focused tools from scratch, or by implementing accessibility features and improvements into existing applications. The latter is what the Randa Meetings 2017 were all about.
digiKam with David Edmundson from Plasma in the background.
Photo by Gilles Caulier, CC BY 2.0
The developers created a useful KWin plugin that can simulate different types of color blindness. This will help in all future accessibility efforts, as it helps developers understand what their color schemes will look like to visually impaired users.
KMyMoney was made more accessible via improvements to keyboard navigation. New keyboard shortcuts were added, and others simplified to make them easier to use.
Randa Meetings 2017 were made special by Manuel, a visitor from Italy who stayed at the Randa house during the sprint. Manuel is a deaf user, and they took the time to explain the problems that hearing-impaired users encounter with KDE software, and software in general. Their feedback was extremely valuable in the context of the sprint's theme, and helped developers come up with accessibility-oriented solutions.
Meeting in Randa with other participants makes you aware of deficiencies, possibilities, and needs. For a newcomer, like myself, it was also a chance to meet some community members, see what kind of people build KDE software, and take a look behind the scenes. --- Lukasz Wojnilowicz
Apart from fixing individual applications, a lot of work was done on the Plasma desktop environment itself. Accessibility-related improvements include the ability to navigate the Plasma panel using voice feedback and the keyboard. The following video demonstrates this feature in action:
KRunner was made completely accessible, and this change is visible in Plasma 5.11. The Orca Screen Reader works well with KRunner, and can read the entered query, as well as let the user know which element of the interface is currently focused.
There was also a round of discussions on best practices for accessibility in KDE software. When testing software, the developers should try to use it only with their keyboard, and then only with the mouse. Too much customization is not a good idea, so it should be avoided, especially when it comes to colors, fonts, and focus handling.
Another good practice is to test the application with a screen reader. This experience should highlight potential issues for disabled users. In the end, it all comes down to empathy - being able to put yourself in the user's shoes, and the willingness to make your software available to as many people as possible, without excluding anyone.
More Plans and Achievements from the Randa Meetings 2017
Of course, the developers worked on so much more than just accessibility. The KDE PIM team discussed the results of their KMail User Survey, and tackled the most pressing issue reported by the uses - broken and unreliable search. They also ported the entire Kontact codebase away from the obsolete KDateTime component.
Lukasz Wojnilowicz from KMyMoney and Volker Krause
from KDE PIM. Photo by Gilles Caulier, CC BY 2.0
KMyMoney saw some important changes. All plugin KCM modules were ported to KF5. The backup feature is, well, back up and available to use, and database loading was improved so as to prevent the incompatibility between new and old KMyMoney files.
After successfully participating in Google Summer of Code, the digiKam team gathered in Randa to further polish the new code contributed by students. They also worked on the media server functionality, which allows users to share their photo collections across different devices (smartphones, tablets, TVs...) using DLNA.
Scarlett Clark (KDE CI), Emmanuel LePage (Ring), Simon Frei
(digiKam) and David Edmundson discussing Plasma Accessibility.
Photo by Gilles Caulier, CC BY 2.0
Marble Maps now has a new splash screen, and the entire interface of the Bookmarks dialog is responsive to touch. There are plans to implement a better text-to-speech module for navigation.
The Public Transport Plasma applet has been completely rewritten as a Kirigami application. The applet's UI is now much more flexible and easier to adapt to mobile devices.
The developers of Kube worked on resolving an annoying issue with live queries which slows down email synchronization, especially when there are thousands of emails. They also discussed the possibility of implementing an HTML composer to edit emails in Kube, and made plans for GPG implementation. In collaboration with developers from other KDE projects, they explored the options for making Kube cross-platform, and looked for the best way to build Kube on macOS and Windows. Finally, they implemented a visualization in the configuration dialog which indicates when the user input is invalid in configuration fields.
Last but not least, Kdenlive received color correction improvements, and the developers worked on bringing back the popular TypeWriter effect. They also fixed the import of image sequences, worked on porting Kdenlive to Windows and macOS, and removed the warning about missing DVD tools that used to appear when starting Kdenlive for the first time.
Looking Forward to the Next Randa Meetings
With another successful Randa Meetings behind us, we can start planning for the next session.
If you like the work our developers are doing, you can directly support it by donating to KDE. You can also contribute to KDE and make an impact on the users by joining our mentored project called Season of KDE.
Who knows, maybe in the future you too will attend the Randa Meetings!
On Tuesday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments concerning the constitutionality of measures that California's government has taken to compel pro-life entities to speak against their own mission.
Governments routinely behave badly, but sometimes their mean-spiritedness comes to the Supreme Court's attention. On Tuesday, it will hear oral arguments concerning the constitutionality of measures that California's government has taken to compel pro-life entities to speak against their own mission.
Crisis pregnancy centers are nonprofit facilities usually owned and operated by people with religious objections to abortion. Some centers are licensed medical facilities providing pregnancy testing, ultrasound examinations, medical referrals, prenatal vitamins, etc. Other centers are unlicensed because they provide only nonmedical services (self-administered pregnancy testing kits, parenting preparation training, baby clothes, diapers, etc.).
A 2015 California law requires licensed pregnancy crisis centers to tell clients (in pamphlets, in waiting-room signs) this: “California has public programs that provide immediate free or low-cost access to comprehensive family planning services (including all FDA-approved methods of contraception), prenatal care and abortion for eligible women.” Unlicensed centers are required to notify clients that the center “is not licensed as a medical facility by the State of California and has no licensed medical provider who provides or directly supervises the provision of services.”
So, government compels licensed centers to provide free advertisements for government-provided abortions. And government compels unlicensed centers to say — in large fonts, in as many as 13 languages, even on their own websites — that they do not have medical providers that the government itself says, by not requiring them to be licensed, are not necessary for the services they provide. The government's obvious nasty purpose is to make the unlicensed centers' clients unnecessarily uneasy.
California tailored the law to target only crisis centers: It exempts from the compelled speech requirements all women's health services providers that dispense abortifacients. The crisis centers are incorporated as religious organizations and their mission is dictated by the content of their beliefs. The pro-choice government is targeting the centers to exercise one-sided influence on some women's choices. The Cato Institute's Ilya Shapiro, author of an amicus brief supporting the crisis centers, says it is telling that California has no comparable law requiring abortion providers to post advertisements for adoption agencies or other alternatives to abortion.
Neither the 2015 law's legislative history nor the state's brief in defense of the law provides any evidence for the state's charge that the centers “confuse,” “misinform” or otherwise harm women. And the law clearly has nothing to do with ensuring informed consent by clients of the pregnancy crisis centers.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, whose reasoning is frequently novel and whose rulings are frequently reversed, upheld California's law on the ground that government often can regulate the practice-related speech of professionals it licenses. The Supreme Court has never embraced this carve-out from the First Amendment, which would give government an open-ended power to require whomever the government deems a “professional” to communicate whatever message the government favors.
Pro-choice defenders of California's patently content-based and discriminatory law should consider the following. Suppose a pro-life state government were to require all publicly and privately funded abortion providers to advertise on their premises the locations and services of crisis pregnancy centers. Or even to post the following accurate information on their premises, websites and advertisements:
“Eighteen days after conception, the unborn baby's brain begins to form. At about three weeks, the heart begins to beat, circulating the baby's blood. At six weeks, brain waves are detectable and at seven weeks, the baby is kicking. By week nine, the baby can suck their or their thumb and move their or their head. From weeks ten through 13, bones harden and teeth, fingerprints and fingernails begin to form. At 26 weeks, the spinal cord and pain receptors are in place for pain transmission to the brain.”
A pro-life government's point in compelling the placement of this factual notice would be not just to inform women contemplating having an abortion but to incline them against doing so. The abortion providers would be compelled to disseminate a message contrary to their beliefs about the morality of abortion. This would be (as Shapiro says of California's compelled-speech law targeting the crisis centers) government putting “its thumb on the scale in a social debate, by conscripting individuals to help spread a particular message.”
As the Supreme Court has held, freedom of speech means freedom to choose what to say — and what not to say. The pregnancy crisis centers have a right that California's bullying government also has and that it would do well to exercise more often: the right to remain silent.
George F. Will writes a twice-weekly column on politics and domestic and foreign affairs for the Washington Post. georgewill@washpost.com.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Champion-elect Charles Leclerc secured a record-breaking eighth pole position of the season as they took top spot for the FIA Formula 2 Championship Feature race at the Circuito de Jerez.
The Monegasque driver, who has been strongly linked to a promotion to Formula 1 in 2018 with the Sauber F1 Team, is fifty-nine points clear of Oliver Rowland heading into this weekends race in Spain, which is being held as a stand-alone round rather than its usual support of Formula 1.
Leclerc put their Prema Racing machine at the top of the timing screens with their final lap of the session, with their 1:24.682s denying Luca Ghiotto of Russian Time by 0.260 seconds.
“I'm very happy about the eighth pole position of the season and breaking the record number of poles during one year,” said Leclerc after the session, with the previous record of seven being held by Stoffel Vandoorne.
“We need to focus on the feature race because it will be very important: I think we can bring the title home tomorrow but we need to get it right from the start. Jerez is a track where it's hard to overtake.
“I will try to do my best to stay in the lead and work from there…”
Sergio Sette Câmara will start an excellent third for MP Motorsport, although their best lap was 0.575 seconds off of Leclerc's best, with the Brazilian being joined on the front row by DAMS' Rowland, who will be fighting to avoid losing out on the championship to Leclerc this weekend.
Artem Markelov, currently third in the standings, only seven points behind Rowland, will start the Feature race from fifth on the grid in the second Russian Time entry, with ART Grand Prix duo Alexander Albon and Nobuharu Matsushita sixth and seventh.
Nyck de Vries will start eighth for Racing Engineering, with the top ten being completed by DAMS' Nicholas Latifi and Pertamina Arden's Norman Nato, with the top fourteen all being covered by less than one-second.
Circuito de Jerez Qualifying Result
On Tuesday, Feb. 27, Sadrieh updated the Palisades Optimist Club about the future of technology after attending the annual Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
“This was my 17th year attending the show,”Sadrieh said. “It was one of the most mind-boggling I've ever been to.”
They described how more than 2.7 million sq. ft. of showroom was devoted to electronic and digital gadgets—some practical, some in the design stage and some that may never make it to the consumer market.
Sadrieh, a PaliHi grad who obtained a degree in math and computer science from UCLA in 1997, said one of the oddest booths belonged to Netflix, which was promoting its upcoming Altered Carbon series they are producing, in which a “sleeve” (a spare body) is available to transfer your consciousness into—because “nobody lives forever.”
Psychasec, a fictional tech company in the series, was on display, and conventiongoers learned it's a radical new technology that would allow one to take on the life of someone else, any age, any gender or any height.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit their head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say they kicked a chair they were leaning back in.
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit their head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say they kicked a chair they were leaning back in.
DALLAS (AP) - A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager was freed on Wednesday after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson said Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from prosecutors declaring them innocent in the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating their high school graduation and decision to join the Marines.
Although Alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he's innocent, due largely to the confession of a condemned man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still need the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals to formally exonerate them to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could take months.
Officials say an "exhaustive investigation" corroborated the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney's office's conviction integrity unit right before Escamilla was put to death for the killing of an off-duty Dallas police officer.
"He was facing execution the next day," said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. "We believe they were doing this to make peace with God and make things right for him."
Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But a person identified Alonzo as the shooter from a photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury at their 2003 trial relied heavily on that identification to convict him.
Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison.
Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted in 2002 in the death of officer Christopher Kevin James, who was among four uniformed Dallas officers working off-duty security at a club when a brawl broke out and James was shot multiple times by Escamilla.
Prosecutors say that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, they confessed to killing Gauna and that they also confessed later to their appellate attorneys. Johnson acknowledged that rumors circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla was responsible, but they said Alonzo's attorney argued this point at Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't buy it.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“Time Machine is a generally quick and convenient way to back up your data and has come a long way in terms of reliability since its inception in 2007,” Jay Vrijenhoek writes for Intego. “You simply connect an external drive to your Mac and you will be up and running with Time Machine in a matter of minutes.”
“If you prefer a more centralized approach, you can use one of Apple's Time Capsules and your backups will run so long as you're on the same network as your Time Capsule,” Vrijenhoek writes. “But what if a Time Capsule isn't big enough? What if you don't want to spend $300 or $400 on a backup solution you can't expand over time?”
Vrijenhoek writes, “Well, if you have a spare Mac around, you can set up your own Time Machine server for just $19.99 plus the cost of whatever size hard drive you want to use.”
Read more in the full article here.
TEACHERS, tradies and ­customer-service workers are at the centre of a new drive to find Australia's next James Bond.
Australia's overseas spy agency will today launch a recruitment campaign to attract the next generation of intelligence officers to serve in the nation's interests.
Applicants will be invited to take perhaps the most interesting job interview they are likely to face, which will identify “smart”, “perceptive”, “empathetic” individuals with the “human intelligence”' to work for the Australian Secret ­Intelligence Service .
IT'S A ONE-IN-THREE-YEAR OPPORTUNITY
ANTI-WAR PROTESTERS CLAIM ABUSE AT INTELLIGENCE FACILITY
Camera Icon Could you be Australia's next James Bond? ASIS wants to hear from you. Picture: News Corp Australia
Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop said, for obvious reasons, most Australians were not aware of ASIS and its activities.
“This makes it difficult to recruit the right people to work in the fields of intelligence and espionage,” they said.
“While these qualities are special, they are not unique.
“The same skills are required for a variety of professions ranging from teaching to customer service.”
ASIS officers operate all around the world, gathering intelligence which has the ­potential to help protect and promote Australia's national interests and security.
An online campaign will be launched today — The Most Interesting Job Interview — so candidates can gauge if they're up to the job of being a secret agent.
The interactive video asks applicants to identify faces in a crowd from mugshots, quizzes them on minute and obscure details of an office and airport lounge and asks the applicants to successfully persuade a flight attendant to give them a seat upgrade.
Camera Icon Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the spy agency welcomes people from diverse backgrounds. Picture: AAP Image/Lukas Coch Picture: AAP
But would-be spies are warned not to discuss their application with anyone — not even with family and friends.
Ms Bishop said potential applicants could come from diverse backgrounds.
“Applicants need to show they can build relationships, pay attention to detail and they must be willing to live overseas,” they said.
“They must also be discreet and capable of collecting foreign intelligence from human sources.”
SPY VS. SPY AND THE MELBOURNE OLYMPICS
Unlike parliamentarians, Australian dual citizens can apply, but it is a condition of employment that they do not use their foreign citizenship for the period of their employment with ASIS, including using foreign passports for overseas travel.
The selection process takes about seven months and involves a written application, written test, psychological test, security assessment, medical examination and a test for prohibited substances.
Take the most interesting job interview here .
rob.harris@news.com.au
OLATHE, Kan. (AP) — A former Johnson County corrections employee was sentenced to six months in prison for lewd behavior and trafficking in contraband.
The Kansas City Star reports 25-year-old Alyssa Jo Staats was sentenced Monday to six months of “shock time” in jail as a condition for a two-year probation sentence.
Staats was originally charged last year with having unlawful sexual relations with an adult offender in the county's Therapeutic Community, an intensive drug treatment program.
They pleaded no contest and was found guilty in December on amended charges of trafficking contraband in a correctional facility, obstructing a law enforcement officer and lewd and lascivious behavior.
A 21-year-old man suffered severe burns after falling into a Yellowstone hot spring on Tuesday night.
Gervais Dylan Gatete, from Raleigh, N.C., was in the Lower Geyser Basin area when they fell into the hot spring, according to a news release from Yellowstone National Park.
Gatete was with seven people when they fell, and they tried to drive them out of the park just before midnight, according to the release. After driving about 15 miles, they alerted a ranger near Seven Mile Bridge on the West Entrance Road, the release states.
Park staff gave medical assistance and took them by ambulance to Yellowstone Airport, where they were flown to the hospital.
Jakarta Governor Basuki 'Ahok' Tjahaja Purnama sits on the defendant's chair for their court hearing in Jakarta, Indonesia, Thursday, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Tatan Syuflana/Pool
Jakarta Governor Basuki 'Ahok' Tjahaja Purnama takes their seat for their court hearing in Jakarta, Indonesia, Thursday, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Tatan Syuflana/Pool
JAKARTA Indonesian prosecutors on Thursday recommended a one-year suspended jail sentence for Jakarta's Christian governor in their blasphemy trial, which has been seen as a test of the Muslim-majority nation's religious tolerance.
The call for a relatively light sentence came as Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, 50, was heading for defeat in Wednesday's election against their Muslim opponent Anies Baswedan. The religiously charged campaign saw mass Islamist-led protests against the incumbent for allegedly insulting Islam.
"We call for the judge to sentence the defendant to one-year in prison with two years probation ..for expressing hate or insult toward a section of the Indonesian people," chief prosecutor Ali Mukartono said in court.
The sentence recommendation means that Purnama would not have to serve time in jail unless they were to repeat the offence within two years, Purnama's lawyer Humphrey Armri Djemat told Reuters.
They said, however, their legal team would push for all charges to be dropped against their client.
Prosecutors were unavailable for comment.
Purnama, Jakarta's first ethnic Chinese and Christian leader, has denied the blasphemy charges, which carries a maximum prison sentence of five years. A verdict is expected in the coming weeks.
The trial centres on comments that Purnama made last year about their opponents' use of the Islamic holy book in political campaigning. Many Muslim groups, especially hardline Islamists, took offence to the comments and called for Purnama to be sacked and jailed.
On Thursday, members of hardline groups, which led hundreds of thousands of Muslims to protest against Purnama during the election campaign, reacted angrily to the prosecutor's call.
Hundreds of members of the hardline Islamic Defenders Front (FPI) rallied outside the court, chanting "not enough" after the prosecution made their request.
Rights activists have raised concerns about blasphemy laws being used to harass Indonesia's minorities, even though religious diversity is enshrined in the constitution.
Nearly all blasphemy cases in recent years have resulted in convictions.
Purnama has six months left in office, when their successor is expected to be sworn in as the new governor.
(Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Bill Tarrant, Ed Davies and Michael Perry)
By CBS Detroit
It was all hands on deck as the roundtable of Oakland County Executive L. Brooks Patterson, Denise Ilitch and Cliff Russell joined “Michigan Matters” Senior Producer/Host Carol Cain for a boisterous conversation about serious issues and disturbing times.
Leading off the show, which airs 11:30 a.m. this Sunday, was a conversation about the need for greater gun control laws following the Las Vegas mass shooting — the deadliest in U.S. history with 600 victims, including at least 60 who died.
Patterson talked about profiling, which the country of Israel does, as a possible deterrent .
Russell and Patterson mixed it up when talk of guns turned to police shootings and African American victims — which is part of the controversy over kneeling during the national anthem played at NFL games debate.
They had very different views of who was the blame in those incidents.
Ilitch, whose family owns the Detroit Red Wings and Detroit Tigers as well as newly-opened Little Ceasars Arena, said they would support the rights of players who wanted to kneel.
When the conversation turned to the issue of security of folks in public places, Ilitch mentioned having more security cameras and better lighting as a deterrent.
Ilitch, also a regent at the University of Michigan, mentioned it as well as helping to fight crimes on campus such as racially insensitive words being publicly written on campus.
On other topics, Patterson said they are part of the team currently helping the city of Detroit pursue Amazon's new headquarters. The effort is being led by Dan Gilbert at the request of Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan.
Amazon is asking cities for proposals with a deadline of Oct. 19.
And there was talk about the current mayoral race in Detroit. Incumbent Mayor Mike Duggan is being challenged by State Sen. Coleman Young Jr.
What is the political roadmap ahead for Duggan and Young in the final wee?
You can hear the conversation by watching “Michigan Matters” 11:30 am Sunday only on CBS 62.
The death of a young journalist in Japan is being pointed to as the latest high-profile example of karoshi, or “death from overwork.”
Miwa Sado, a 31-year-old woman working at Japan's state-run broadcaster NHK in Tokyo, died of congestive heart failure in July 2013, The Japan Times reported.
A year after their death, an investigation by the Shibuya Labor Standards Inspection Office found that Sado's death was a direct result of overwork — the woman clocking 159 hours of overtime over the course of a month, according to NHK, while working days, nights and weekends to cover two local elections in Tokyo.
“She was under circumstances that they could not secure enough days off due to responsibilities that required them to stay up very late,” the labor office said in a statement to the Asahi Shimbun newspaper — describing Sado as being “in a state of accumulated fatigue and chronic sleep deprivation” at the time of their death.
Back then, NHK had kept details of Sado's death quiet out of respect for their family, The New York Times reported. But now, four years later, they're telling their story while announcing planned workplace changes.
“We decided to disclose their death to all of our employees and to the public to share the company's resolve to prevent a recurrence and follow through with reforms,” NHK said.
Cases of karoshi were rampant in Japan in the late 1980s, The Times reported, and have remained a problem for everyone from blue-collar employees to white-collar executives. In 2016, nearly a quarter of companies surveyed said that some of their employees had put in more than 80 hours of overtime a month.
One of the most headline-grabbing examples was that of 24-year-old Dentsu advertising executive Matsuri Takahashi, who died via suicide after jumping from the roof of an employee dormitory, The Times reported.
At the time of their death, Takahashi had amassed 100 hours of OT a month, The Guardian reported.
Weeks earlier, Takahashi posted a chilling message on social media, The Guardian added. “I want to die,” they wrote. “I'm physically and mentally shattered.”
Takahashi and Sado are just two examples. According to the Japanese government, one in five workers are at risk from working themselves to death, The Guardian reported. More than 2,000 people killed themselves in Japan last year due to work-related stress. Dozens of other victims died from other conditions related to spending too much time at work, like heart attacks and strokes.
In response, the Japanese government has proposed to cap monthly OT at 100 hours, The Guardian reported. They will also be penalizing companies that allow their workers to go over that.
In February, the Japanese government also introduced an effort to encourage companies to allow workers to leave their office at 3 p.m. on the last Friday of the month, The Independent reported. Only a small number of companies have participated so far — one being the Keidanren, Japan's largest business group.
For Sado's parents, they're just hoping a tragedy like what happened to their daughter doesn't happen again.
“Even today, four years after, we cannot accept our daughter's death as a reality,” they said in a statement to NHK. “We hope that the sorrow of the bereaved family will never be wasted.”
Sado's parents also criticized NHK, claiming the company hadn't disseminating news of their daughter's death throughout the company and questioning why the company had not limited their daughter's working hours, The Times reported.
“It is an abnormal work situation to work almost every day on Saturday and Sunday, working until late at night every day, so we cannot understand why such a situation was overlooked,” they said in a statement published by the Asahi Shimbun on Thursday, The Times reported.
April 3 Barclays Plc
* Announces that it has completed the sale of its UK trusts business to ZEDRA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Welcome to today's live blog.
We will be keeping you up-to-date with all the breaking news for the county, and sharing with you some of our top stories from Gloucester, Cheltenham, Stroud, Tewkesbury, the Forest of Dean and the Cotswolds.
Our live news feed below will bring you the latest from the county's roads. So if there's a problem on the M5 or A40, you'll read about it here.
We will bring you the latest from the police and the courts and keep an eye on that all-important weather.
And we'll always want to find the quirky and the off-beat.
As always, we want to hear from our readers, so please get in touch if you have a story to tell.
We can be reached at citizen.news@glosmedia.co.uk and echo.news@glosmedia.co.uk, via Twitter @GlosLiveOnline and on Facebook.
A Flash Flood Warning has been extended until 2:30 p.m. Wednesday for Harris County. A Flash Flood Watch is in effect until 4 p.m. for Brazoria, Chambers, Fort Bend, Galveston & Harris counties.
Several freeways and streets are flooding and dozens of vehicles are stranded. If you don't need to get out, stay home until the flooding threat passes.
Several bayous and creeks are very high, but so far no overbanks flooding, according to Jeff Lindner with Harris County Flood Control.
Avoid travel across central and west Harris County. Numerous roads are impassable. Several bayous and creeks are very high, but so far no overbanks flooding. Continue to monitor bayou conditions at https://t.co/NT5Ead7hWd #houwx #hounews — Jeff Lindner (@JeffLindner1) July 4, 2018
KHOU 11 Meteorologist Brooks Garner says heavy rain will continue in parts of town through the afternoon, washing out some of your July 4th events.
List: Houston-area freeways/roads with high water
Weather Update: Watch Meteorologist Brooks Garner on Facebook
Street flooding is reported in several parts of town, including 288 South at Southmore. Avoid the South Freeway if you can.
Live Video: Watch freeway camera video from Houston TranStar
Related: Canceled July 4th events in Houston
Radar: Track the rain & storms
The National Weather Service has also issued a flood advisory until 11:45 a.m. for parts of Harris and Galveston counties. Minor street flooding is possible, especially on frontage roads southeast of Houston.
Some areas had already seen four inches of rain from Tuesday night's showers.
High temps will reach the upper-80s today but could be cooler if you get some rain.
There is a 70 percent rain chance Wednesday, 30 percent Thursday and 40 percent on Friday. Scattered rain continues this weekend, too.
© 2018 KHOU
The Delaware Fire Marshall told CBS3 that family members ofÂ Mark J. Consiglio, 48, were cleaning their home on Baltimore Avenue when they came across an explosive device.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement
1:02 John Latina works with USC offensive linemen
1:18 Four dead in murder-suicide in Lexington County
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero.
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A federal judge in Philadelphia heard arguments Wednesday in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough, and at least two of the attorneys Wednesday said the investigator is unnecessary.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays.
The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power and the ability to compel testimony to determine whether more punitive actions are necessary upon fraud findings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police have just begun to investigate. (Photo source: WLOX)
Harrison County Coroner Gary Hargrove confirmed the identity of the shooting victim is 16-year-old Damien Thompson.
Gulfport police units responded to a report of a male suffering from a gunshot wound on the 4000 block of Ponderosa Dr.
Officers report the victim has died from their injuries.
Gulfport PD on the scene of a shooting on the 4000 block of Ponderosa Drive. @WLOX pic.twitter.com/abyxHkKddx — Desirae Duncan WLOX (@DesiraeWLOX) February 3, 2018
Police have confirmed they are interviewing people who were transported from the scene.
Gulfport officers responded to the incident Saturday morning. Police are calling it an active death investigation.
Hargrove said an official cause of death will be released pending the autopsy.
We will update the story as details become available.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
HOUSTON - (Aug. 14, 2017) - A microplate discovered off the west coast of Ecuador adds another piece to Earth's tectonic puzzle, according to Rice University scientists.
Researchers led by Rice geophysicist Richard Gordon discovered the microplate, which they have named "Malpelo," while analyzing the junction of three other plates in the eastern Pacific Ocean.
The Malpelo Plate, named for an island and an underwater ridge it contains, is the 57th plate to be discovered and the first in nearly a decade, they said. They are sure there are more to be found.
The research by Gordon, lead author Tuo Zhang and co-authors Jay Mishra and Chengzu Wang, all of Rice, appears in Geophysical Research Letters.
How do geologists discover a plate? In this case, they carefully studied the movements of other plates and their evolving relationships to one another as the plates move at a rate of millimeters to centimeters per year.
The Pacific lithospheric plate that roughly defines the volcanic Ring of Fire is one of about 10 major rigid tectonic plates that float and move atop Earth's mantle, which behaves like a fluid over geologic time. Interactions at the edges of the moving plates account for most earthquakes experienced on the planet. There are many small plates that fill the gaps between the big ones, and the Pacific Plate meets two of those smaller plates, the Cocos and Nazca, west of the Galapagos Islands.
One way to judge how plates move is to study plate-motion circuits, which quantify how the rotation speed of each object in a group (its angular velocity) affects all the others. Rates of seafloor spreading determined from marine magnetic anomalies combined with the angles at which the plates slide by each other over time tells scientists how fast the plates are turning.
"When you add up the angular velocities of these three plates, they ought to sum to zero," Gordon said. "In this case, the velocity doesn't sum to zero at all. It sums to 15 millimeters a year, which is huge."
That made the Pacific-Cocos-Nazca circuit a misfit, which meant at least one other plate in the vicinity had to make up the difference. Misfits are a cause for concern - and a clue.
Knowing the numbers were amiss, the researchers drew upon a Columbia University database of extensive multibeam sonar soundings west of Ecuador and Colombia to identify a previously unknown plate boundary between the Galapagos Islands and the coast.
Previous researchers had assumed most of the region east of the known Panama transform fault was part of the Nazca plate, but the Rice researchers determined it moves independently. "If this is moving in a different direction, then this is not the Nazca plate," Gordon said. "We realized this is a different plate and it's moving relative to the Nazca."
Evidence for the Malpelo plate came with the researchers' identification of a diffuse plate boundary that runs from the Panama Transform Fault eastward to where the diffuse plate boundary intersects a deep oceanic trench just offshore of Ecuador and Colombia.
"A diffuse boundary is best described as a series of many small, hard-to-spot faults rather than a ridge or transform fault that sharply defines the boundary of two plates," Gordon said. "Because earthquakes along diffuse boundaries tend to be small and less frequent than along transform faults, there was little information in the seismic record to indicate this one's presence."
"With the Malpelo accounted for, the new circuit still doesn't close to zero and the shrinking Pacific Plate isn't enough to account for the difference either," Zhang said. "The nonclosure around this triple junction goes down -- not to zero, but only to 10 or 11 millimeters a year.
"Since we're trying to understand global deformation, we need to understand where the rest of that velocity is going," they said. "So we think there's another plate we're missing."
Plate 58, where are you?
Gordon is the W.M. Keck Professor of Geophysics. Zhang and Wang are Rice graduate students and Mishra is a Rice alumnus.
The National Science Foundation supported the research.
###
Jeff Falk
713-348-6775 jfalk@rice.edu
Mike Williams
713-348-6728
mikewilliams@rice.edu
Read the abstract at http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ 2017GL073704/ full
This news release can be found online at http://news. rice. edu/ 2017/ 08/ 13/ new-plate-adds-plot-twist-to-ancient-tectonic-tale/
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews
Related materials:
Rice University Global Tectonics (Gordon group): http://tectonics. rice. edu
Richard Gordon bio: https:/ / earthscience. rice. edu/ directory/ user/ 7/
Wiess School of Natural Sciences: http://natsci. rice. edu
GeoMapApp: http://www. geomapapp. org
Images for download:
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 08/ 0814_PLATE-1-WEB-1zsbuta. jpg
Misfit plates in the Pacific led Rice University scientists to the discovery of the Malpelo Plate between the Galapagos Islands and the South American coast. (Credit: Illustration by Tuo Zhang/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 08/ 0814_PLATE-2-WEB-1szenwl. jpg
Rice University researchers have discovered a microplate off the coast of South America. From left, Tuo Zhang, Richard Gordon and Chengzu Wang. (Credit: Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
Three of the complexes that will be affected by the fair housing ordinance.
Six housing activists enter Richmond City Manager Bill Lindsay's office, notebooks at the ready, for a meeting that's been almost a year in the making.
Among them is Tamisha Walker, of the Safe Return Project (SRP), a nonprofit that connects people with re-entry services. The SRP drafted the Fair Chance Access to Affordable Housing ordinance, with support from the Dellums Institute for Social Justice and Bay Area Legal Aid. It was largely the result of a 2011 report written by the SRP, which surveyed and researched the availability of the re-entry services in Richmond. The group compiled a list of recommendations based on its findings.
“Supportive housing” topped its list.
Walker says there are few housing options for people who are re-entering the community after incarceration, especially folks without a support system.
“[If] you have family who were already in housing that had stable housing then you could join their home,” Walker said. “That's pretty much it. You're either in a homeless shelter or couch hopping.”
Last year, Richmond's City Council adopted the ordinance. It prohibits landlords who accept Section 8 vouchers or own HUD-subsidized properties from rejecting applicants based on criminal history alone.
But almost a year later, the implementation and community outreach strategy for this ordinance is just beginning.
The city manager's office will draft and distribute outreach materials that will inform landlords and tenants about the kind of changes to expect once the ordinance is actualized.
According to Lindsay, staff turnover caused the delay in implementation. “When Mr. Jones left the city it was dropped,” Lindsay said referring to housing authority director Tim Jones, who vacated their position three months after the ordinance was passed.
“We don't have a housing authority executive director right now,” they continued. “That's why we need to do some focused outreach.”
Walker suggested including the outreach materials in the orientation packet for new Section 8 voucher holders receive. They were on Section 8 for 12 years before becoming a homeowner and they stressed the importance spreading knowledge about the new guidelines so people can uncertainty and anxiety.
“I was just kinda tip-toeing around the agency,” Walker said, of their time on Section 8.
“Hoping that one day they don't find out that I have a conviction, 'cause you can lose your housing.”
Now, the goal is to educate all affected parties before the first quarterly report is written in March 2018. If everything goes smoothly, Walker, with help from Bay Area Legal Aid and the Dellums Institute, will look in to applying the ordinance to private landlords. For now, activists want to make sure that the outreach and thorough and focused.
“We wanna do something that's specific to this ordinance,” said Margaretta Lin, an attorney with the Dellums institute. “We would want to outreach to the property managers, and nonprofit developers themselves.”
Lindsay's hopes to develop and distribute educational materials by the beginning of 2018. Walker and their partners will organize forums to “reduce discomfort and answer any questions to prevent any false narratives” among landlords and property owners.
“Even though the rent is is high and it's not going to get lower,” Walker said, talking about the possible evolution of this ordinance. “We really want to eliminate all extreme blanket bans on housing.”
Heather works at Hackett Hot Wings by day. On weekends, them and their friends from the LGBTQ+ community hit up Equality Rocks to have a good time, and more importantly for a time to be themselves. "I would go there to the drag show with my friends. It was just a fun place to go to people in the gay community, my community we would be able to get together and have a good time. We felt like we had a safe place in Joplin to do that" says Heather. "The biggest thing is...
More >>
HALIFAX — A weatherman says they got more than they bargained for during a recent trip to a Costco in Halifax after finding a live scorpion in a bag of bananas.
Nathan Coleman, a reporter for The Weather Network, says they were unloading groceries when their 11-year-old daughter spotted something squirming in a plastic bag.
Coleman says they dismissed the rustling until their mother put the bananas away and noticed the barb-tailed insect.
They say they double-bagged the scorpion and drove to the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History, where it has been jarred for observation.
Coleman says a warehouse manager has apologized to them and says Costco is looking into the incident, but they think the product should be pulled from the shelves in the interest of safety.
They say he's hoping to find out whether the scorpion is venomous and how it was able to journey thousands of kilometres.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - The Senate's top leader says it's "premature" to tout President Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize in pursuing a peace deal with North Korea.
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell chuckled as they mentioned the "chagrin" it would cause the Nobel committee to award Trump the world's most coveted diplomatic prize.
The Republican senator made the comments this week to WHAS-AM in their home state of Kentucky.
U.S. and North Korean officials are continuing talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. McConnell says the U.S. should always be "skeptical" when dealing with North Korea, but says it's good that Trump and Kim could meet.
It seems a majority of people in countries around the world think their country and societies are more divided than ever.
A new international survey for the BBC by the polling firm Ipsos-MORI asked people in 27 countries about opinions on divisions in their countries and the reasons. In all, 19,428 people were surveyed in February of this year
In total, fully three-quarters of those asked (76% average) felt that society in their country was divided.
People in Serbia almost all felt the division with 93 percent saying the country was diveded. Only 34 percent of Saudi Arabians felt that division. Canada was among those lower down on the list, although a majority 62 per cent felt the country divided.
Qualifying that response by asking about societal division now compared to ten years ago, European countries which have seen waves of migrants, are at the top
Spain led the list with 77 per cent saying the country was more divided than a decade ago, with 8 per cent saying it was less divided. Sweden, Italy, and Germany are next, with 73 per cent in the three countries expressing the feeling their country was more divided now.
Saudi Arabia was again the lowest on the list with 30 per cent saying there is more division there than ten years ago, but 28 per cent saying there was less division.
Some 51 per cent of Canadians said the country was more divided than a decade ago, while 16 per cent felt there was less division.
Why? Reasons for division
As to what is causing societal rifts, politics topped the list with 44 per cent saying differing political views are dividing their country.
Economic differences between rich and poor came next with differences between immigrants and native-born listed as being the third cause of internal tensions.
from Ipsos-MORI, Feb 2018- 27 countries
Again however breaking down issues in each country, the greatest tension in Canada was said to be between immigrants and native born (40%). The second source of division was listed as being between different religions (36%) and third was the economic difference between rich and poof (31%)
Swededn which has seen a substantial arrival of migrants, showed the tension between newcomers and native born also as the top issue (49%) with related issues of differences between ethnicity and religion as the second and third sources of division ( 37%, 32%)
Germany, France and the UK have also listed tensions between immigrants and native born as the top source of division.
China and Russia both listed division between rich and poor as the top source of division (65% each).
Countries like Malaysia, Turkey, Argentia, Korea, and Serbia listed politics as the main source of division
On a somewhat different question, that of trusting people, only China and Sweden showed a majority of respondents felt people could be trusted (61%, 60%)
In all the rest of the countries, the majority felt the need to be careful when dealing with people.
Interestingly, when asked “To what extent do you agree or disagree that people across the world have more things in common that things that make them different”, some 65 per cent of all the respondents agreed with Russia and Serbia topping the list and Japan at the bottom.
Additional information- source
The store Rebag is finding the sweet spot in luxury goods â€“ helping resell used high-end handbags. Yahoo Finance‘s Alexis Christoforous speaks with Rebag CEO Charles Gorra.
“Apple made a surprise announcement on Friday when it unveiled plans to host a special education event at a high school in Chicago later this month,” Zac Hall writes for 9to5Mac. “Apple says it will reveal ‘creative new ideas for teachers and students' at Lane Tech College Prep High School on March 27, and we already have a good idea of what to expect.”
“Apple's last major education event was held six years ago in New York City on January 19, 2012,” Hall writes. “Textbooks for $15 and under from major publishers coming to iBooks and the now-dated iBooks Author app for Mac were highlights of the event.”
“Based on code discovered by 9to5Mac‘s Gui Rambo, we believe Apple is planning to introduce a new developer framework called ClassKit that can be used within education apps on iOS,” Hall writes. “Apple focused solely on software — specifically for ebooks — at its last education event in 2012. The popular iPad 2 wasn't quite a year old yet, and the first Retina iPad wouldn't be released for another two months. This time lots of new, lower-priced hardware is expected based on supply chain rumors, and cheaper products make sense for schools buying in bulk.”
Read more in the full article here.
Just over a month since 17 people were killed at a Parkland, Florida, high school, marches across the country are taking place to demand change, and Johnson City is hosting one of them.
March for Our Lives events will take place on March 24 in multiple U.S. cities as part of a national movement organized by the survivors and student activists of Stoneman Douglas High School. The marches are intended to bring attention and action to school safety and gun-control reform.
“This particular march is ‘March for Our Lives,' and to me, ‘Our' can be absolutely anyone,” said Nathan Farnor, a march coordinator and East Tennessee State University student. “That is students, that is parents, that is community members, that is educators, elected officials, law enforcement.”
The Tri-Cities march is set to start at 1:30 p.m. on the corner of State of Franklin and University Parkway, move toward the downtown area, up the tree streets to South Side Elementary, and end at East Tennessee State University's Borchuck Plaza.
At South Side Elementary, the march will pause to read the list of the 17 lives lost in the Feb. 14 Florida shooting and to observe a moment of silence. A rally with guest speakers will take place at Borchuck Plaza.
The local march is organized by a collection of local students and members of Moms Demand Action, an organization that seeks gun reform.
The Tri-Cites march began as a Facebook page to see if there was enough interest in the area, and now about 200 have responded to the event with intentions to attend and 600 have expressed interest. Farnor said their goal for the march is 250 participants, but they hope to see more.
“We understand that we, as the citizens that live here, have an invested interest in our own safety, but we also want our educators and our law enforcement and elected officials to be just as protected,” they said. “So I would say that this event is open to absolutely anyone who values the safety of their fellow neighbors, their citizens, their fellow Tennesseans.”
This event follows the National Walkout Day on March 14. At 10 a.m. a month after Parkland's school shooting, students across the country walked out of their classrooms for 17 minutes in remembrance of the number of victims at Stoneman Douglas High School.
Some high school students in Kingsport chose to participate in the protest by wearing the Florida high school's colors—maroon, grey and white—rather than leaving their school, according to the Kingsport Times-News.
Kingsport City Schools also hosted a “Safe Schools Day” on National Walkout Day to honor the victims in a safe environment for students, faculty and staff. Additionally, the system allowed students to participate in conversation about school safety, review safety protocols and to observe a moment of silence for those who lost their lives in Florida.
Farnor said protesting students understand that schools are vulnerable places, and they want to feel safe there again.
“This particular march is definitely coming from students, and we're asking for people to march with us—not just for us, but with us,” They said. “We understand that, as students, we're inheriting the next generation for us and for our family and for our children and so on and so forth. It really takes all of us.”
VERSAILLES – Versailles swept the Midwest Athletic Conference's top awards for the 2017-18 girls basketball season.
Kami McEldowney was named the MAC girls basketball player of the year. The senior point guard averaged 13.1 points per game, 2.1 rebounds per game and 4.3 assists per game. They set school records with seven made 3-pointers in a game and 69 made 3-pointers in a season.
Jacki Stonebraker was named the MAC girls basketball coach of the year after leading the Tigers to the conference championship with a 9-0 league record.
Versailles seniors Kami McEldowney and Danielle Winner both were named first team all-MAC.
Sophomore Caitlin McEldowney was named second team all-conference.
Senior Ellen Peters and junior Elizabeth Ording made the MAC's honorable mention team.
Versailles won the conference championship with a 9-0 conference record, Minster finished second at 8-1, Coldwater and Fort Recovery tied for third at 6-3, New Bremen finished fifth at 5-4, St. Henry finished sixth at 4-5, Marion Local finished seventh with a 3-6 record, Delphos St. John's and Parkway tied for ninth at 2-7, and New Knoxville finished 10th at 0-9.
All-MAC girls basketball
First team
Name School Grade
Kourtney Diller Coldwater 12
Lauren Gilliland Coldwater 10
Maura Hoying Coldwater 12
Carley Stone Fort Recovery 12
Grace Thien Fort Recovery 12
Taylor Kogge Minster 12
Courtney Prenger Minster 11
Ivy Wolf Minster 9
Paige Jones New Bremen 12
Allison Siefring St. Henry 11
Kami McEldowney Versailles 12
Danielle Winner Versailles 12
Player of the year: Kami McEldowney, Versailles
Coach of the year: Jacki Stonebraker, Versailles
Second team
Name School Grade
Val Muhlenkamp Fort Recovery 10
Kiah Wendel Fort Recovery 12
Kara Evers Marion Local 12
Natalie Rethman Marion Local 11
Alli Fischer Minster 12
Demaris Wolf Minster 11
Jane Homan New Bremen 12
Kelly Naylor New Bremen 11
Megan Jurosic New Knoxville 10
Sydney Crouch Parkway 12
Haley Hawk Parkway 12
Nikki Keller St. Henry 12
Paige Gaynier St. John's 9
Taylor Zuber St. John's 11
Caitlin McEldowney Versailles 10
Honorable mention
Olivia Harlamert, Coldwater; Olivia Patch, Fort Recovery; Jessica Falk, Minster; Macy Puthoff, New Bremen; Erin Scott, New Knoxville; Bailey Bates, Parkway; Addy Vaughn, St. Henry; Betty Vorst, St. John's; Elizabeth Ording, Ellen Peters, Versailles
K. McEldowney http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Kami-McEldowney-WEB-4.jpg K. McEldowney Winner http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Danielle-Winner-WEB-2.jpg Winner Versailles' Kami McEldowney was named the Midwest Athletic Conference girls basketball player of the year for the 2017-18 season. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Kami_McEldowney_WEB-2.jpg Versailles' Kami McEldowney was named the Midwest Athletic Conference girls basketball player of the year for the 2017-18 season. Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Accused school shooter Nikolas Cruz is led out of the courtroom after an arraignment hearing at the Broward County Courthouse in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Wednesday, March 14, 2018.
MIAMI (AP) - Officials were so concerned about the mental stability of the student accused of last month's Florida school massacre that they decided they should be forcibly committed.
But the recommendation was never acted upon.
A commitment under the law would have made it more difficult if not impossible for Nikolas Cruz to obtain a gun legally.
Cruz is accused of the shooting rampage that killed 14 students and three school employees at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland on Feb. 14. In addition, 17 people were wounded.
But more than a year earlier, documents in the criminal case against Nikolas Cruz and obtained by The Associated Press show school officials and a sheriff's deputy recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation.
The documents, which are part of Cruz's criminal case in the shooting, show that they had written the word "kill" in a notebook, told a classmate that they wanted to buy a gun and use it, and had cut their arm supposedly in anger because they had broken up with a girlfriend. They also told another student they had drunk gasoline and was throwing up. Calls had even been made to the FBI about the possibility of Cruz using a gun at school.
The documents were provided by a psychological assessment service initiated by Cruz's mother called Henderson Behavioral Health. The documents show a high school resource officer who was also a sheriff's deputy and two school counselors recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be committed for mental evaluation under Florida's Baker Act. That law allows for involuntary commitment for mental health examination for at least three days.
Such an involuntary commitment would also have been a high obstacle if not a complete barrier to legally obtaining a firearm, such as the AR-15 rifle used in the Stoneman Douglas massacre on Feb. 14, authorities say.
There is no evidence Cruz was ever committed. Coincidentally, the school resource officer who recommended that Cruz be "Baker Acted" was Scot Peterson - the same Broward Sheriff's Office deputy who resigned amid accusations they failed to respond to the shooting by staying outside the building where the killings occurred.
David S. Weinstein, a former federal prosecutor, said that an involuntary commitment would have been a huge red flag had Cruz attempted to buy a firearm legally.
"If they had lied, hopefully the verification of the form would have pulled up the commitment paperwork," Weinstein said.
The documents do not say why Cruz was not committed under the Baker Act or whether they may not have qualified for other reasons. The law allows a law enforcement officer such as Peterson to initiate commitment under the Baker Act.
An attorney for Peterson did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment Sunday.
Cruz, 19, is charged in a 34-count indictment with killing 17 people and wounding 17 others in the attack. They face the death penalty if convicted, but their public defender Melisa McNeill has said they would plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence.
In the Henderson Behavioral Health documents, Cruz's mother Lynda is quoted as saying they had fresh concerns about their son's mental state after they punched holes in a wall at their home in Parkland. The clinicians at Henderson came to the home for interviews and said Cruz admitted punching the wall but said they did so because they were upset at a breakup with their girlfriend.
Cruz also admitted cutting their arm with a pencil sharpener.
After a Sept. 28, 2016 interview, the documents say Cruz "reports that they cut their arms 3-4 weeks ago and states that this is the only time they have ever cut. (Cruz) states that they cut because they were lonely, states that they had broken up with their girlfriend and reports that their grades had fallen. (Cruz) states that they are better now, reports that they are no longer lonely and states that their grades have gone back up."
They also told the clinician they owned only a pellet gun and was not capable of doing "serious harm" to anyone.
The documents show that Cruz was very much on the radar screen of mental health professionals and the Broward County school system, yet very little appears to have been done other than these evaluations.
Other red flags have also surfaced, including calls to the FBI about Cruz's potential to become a school shooter and numerous visits by county law enforcement officials to their home - both before their mother died in November and after, when they lived briefly with a family friend in Palm Beach County.
Again, very little was done.
It's not clear from the documents who the recommendation was forwarded to or why it was not followed up.
___
Follow Curt Anderson on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Miamicurt
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Ask the average person about the themes of 2016 and you'll hear about celebrity deaths and far-right politics spreading across the western world quicker than a cute puppy video.
Tech trends were, thankfully, less depressing: we saw a lot of super-super thin laptops arrive to see in 2017.
The Acer Swift 7 is not just one of the thinnest, it's also one of the more affordable. At £950-1000 (depending on how hard you shop) it's not exactly cheap, but is £100 less than the Dell XPS 13 and is knocking on Apple's design door too.
Just 9.98mm thin
Gold and black colour
Laptops like the Acer Swift 7 and HP Spectre are a real mix of old and new. They set new standards for super-skinniness and light weight, but are also pure laptops. That means no touchscreen, no hybrid design and no Microsoft Surface-a-like stylus features.
Super-powered portability is the main draw. Well, that and a fancy look. The Acer Swift 7 is all-aluminium and has a two-tone design. It is gold on the inside and black on the outside, and you'd better like that look because there are no silvery safety net options on offer.
The Swift 7's gold is also a little bolder than the more champagne-y shades we tend to see on phones and laptops. Embrace the bling or get out of here.
What really sells the Swift 7, though, is its slender dimensions. It's just 10mm thick, which is even thinner than the HP Spectre.
Having used most of these new ultra-skinny elite laptops, the Acer Swift 7 actually batters you over the head with its slim-ness less than most. Its footprint is still as large as an old-style 13-inch MacBook Pro and, at 1.16kg, it's not so light that you wonder whether they forgot to put the battery in. The Asus ZenBook 3 is 200g lighter, for example.
The Acer Swift 7 also lacks the final magic design touch that makes a laptop feel like its designers were trying to make a museum piece: you can't lift the lid without the keyboard base part lifting off the table. It's one of those little show-off bits only MacBooks and a few Windows laptops have.
More important, though, Acer does seem to have nailed the build quality basics. Despite being dead thin, the keyboard doesn't flex even if you press down on it pretty hard, and you can also tilt the screen back more than on the HP Spectre.
2x USB-C and 1x 3.5mm jack only
The main questionable part of this new wave of slim laptop design is the kind of connectivity you get. Well, more the lack of it.
The Swift 7 has two USB Type-C ports and a headphone jack. And that's it. One of those C-ports is taken up by the power lead when it's plugged in too.
We bet virtually everything you own that you'd want to plug into the Swift 7 still uses full-fat USB, and you'll also need to get hold of an adapter to use an SD card. It's one of those MacBook-esque issues.
The positive side of USB-C is that these ports can juggle loads of data. This means you can attach a bunch of things to the one port, as long as you have the right adapter, anyway. And they're not included in the box.
Shallow press keys
No backlight
Oversize trackpad
One other eyebrow-raiser of these new laptops is that many, including the Swift 7, have ultra-shallow keyboards.
It's a classic MacBook-apeing move, but Acer's slim keyboards are better than some. It'll take some getting used to if you currently have a chunky laptop, but Acer's engineers have managed to inject some satisfying resistance into these keys even though they only depress a little.
It has a meatier feel than a 12in MacBook. The keyboard is also extremely quiet, making our everyday (old style) MacBook Pro sound like a noisy clacker.
There's a major omission here, though. Despite costing almost £1000, the Acer Swift 7 does not have a keyboard backlight. Almost every laptop this pricey has one, and a backlight comes in handy if you need to work in a dim or dark room on occasion. Leaving it out doesn't make a lot of sense, even if it was necessary to get to 9.98mm thin.
In a lot of areas it's easy to label this as Acer's attempt to copy Apple, but the Swift 7's trackpad is much more like one of HP's Envy 'pads. It's very, very wide, giving you loads of space to flick around.
It's great in-use too, with a super-smooth textured glass top and an easy but well-defined clicker. We saw none of the weird behaviour you sometimes see in Windows 10 device trackpads either. If you'll appreciate the extra swiping area, it's hard to beat.
13.3-inch 1920 x 1080 IPS LCD panel (16:9 ratio)
The Acer Swift 7 display is a little more ordinary, but still good enough to justify the price. It's not as good as that of the new 13-inch MacBook but a lot better than the dated display of the MacBook Air.
Similarly, colour is good but not quite as punchy as the new MacBook Pro's tones or those of something like the super-saturated Razer Blade Stealth.
However, contrast is strong and max brightness gives you the option to work outdoors on a sunny-ish day even though the Acer Swift 7 has a glossy screen. It's topped with Gorilla Glass 5 too, to shouldn't be too easy to scratch even if you treat it like dirt.
If you're a real screen perfectionist you might be left wishing for a few more pixels. 1080p across a 13.3-inch screen lets you see slight pixellation, with small fonts looking less than totally smooth. It all depends on how much you've already been spoilt by super-high density laptops, tablets and phones really.
Intel Core i5-7Y54 (1.2GHz)
8 GB LPDDR3 RAM
256GB SSD
There's also a little semi-hidden sacrifice Acer has used to get the Swift 7 thinner than the competition. Look at its spec list and you'll see it has a Core i5 CPU. However, it's actually less powerful than the processors of most alternatives because it's the new-gen equivalent of one of Intel's fanless Core M CPUs. Intel just changed how they're named. Sneaky.
It's an Intel i5-7Y54, a latest-generation Kaby Lake processor. Where the Core i5-6200U used in many ultraportables has a clock speed of 2.3GHz, the i5-7Y54 is clocked at 1.2GHz. It's less powerful, uses a lot less battery and is so efficient it doesn't need a fan. However, with most light laptop tasks like browsing, Microsoft Office work and light photo editing, you won't really notice much difference. It's much better than an Intel Atom laptop. Miles better.
We wouldn't have noticed the shortfall if we hadn't also tried some games on the Swift 7. A "proper" Intel Core laptop is no gaming powerhouse, but you can play some older console-style titles if you turn down the visuals a bit. The i5-7Y54's Intel HD 615 GPU only has about 70 per cent of the power of the last-gen Core i5's HD 520 graphics chipset, further limiting the kind of games you can play without them turning into a slideshow.
This sort of sacrifice is, at the moment, still necessary to get the Swift 7's CPU down to the level where it only creates a third the heat of a normal Core i5 laptop. Even though it doesn't have a fan it stays cool most of the time, although if you do play games for a while you'll feel the part above the keyboard getting hot. This is where the main heatsinks live.
2,770mAh battery
The low-demand CPU also helps keep battery life pretty decent, if not radically better than some alternatives, when you're doing something simple like watching a video or doing some browsing.
At 40 per cent brightness, the Swift 7 lasts for eight and a half hours when playing a movie on loop. We saw similar "all-day" results when using this laptop as our everyday work laptop.
That's better than the HP Spectre, but the Dell XPS 13 lasts even longer thanks to a combo of clever power management and a much bigger battery.
Laptop batteries are normally described as having so many watt-hours (Wh), but Acer uses the much more phone-like milliampere hours in its spec sheet. And the Swift 7 has 2,770mAh, which is pretty low for a high-end laptop. The Dell XPS 13's works out at well over 6,000mAh, but that's partly because the Dell operates at a higher voltage. The Swift 7's i5-7Y54 needs less juice.
It makes us wonder how long the Swift 7 might last if it was 2mm thicker and the extra space was packed with lithium-ion goodness, but then the laptop wouldn't have the all-important 9.98mm thickness to brag about. Still: real-world battery life is very good if you keep your activities light.
The Acer Swift 7 also has fairly good speakers for a very slim laptop, although last year saw the bar for audio in pricey models rise substantially. Two drivers sit on the underside, firing outwards to make the sound wider than the laptop itself.
As they're so close to whatever table the laptops sits on, the sound varies a lot depending whether it's on your knees or a surface. But there is an extra ounce or two of bulk to the sound and decent top volume. It's enough to make watching a film on the Swift 7 while on holiday enjoyable rather than a complete compromise. A MacBook gets you better bass and less brittle-sounding treble, though.
Verdict
The Acer Swift 7 is one of the thinnest laptops in the world, and it costs a bit less than some in this class. Add a good trackpad, a decent screen and a solid-if-shallow keyboard and you have a great ultra-portable machine for work and the sorts of time-wasting most of us do on our laptops.
Look a bit closer and you realise Acer's super-slim claims are a bit, well, thinner than they initially seem. The Swift 7 has a less powerful processor than most of its rivals, as well as a larger footprint, so while very slim it's not necessarily more portable than the rest. There's no keyboard backlight either.
This shouldn't all necessarily put you off, but it's worth looking a bit deeper if you've been lured-in by the 10mm-thick design. For most, the big question is whether the restrictive connections will get on your nerves (despite it rapidly becoming the norm for high-end laptops). Otherwise Acer has made a generally decent MacBook competitor.
It's pricier, it's just as bling, but it's also more powerful than Acer's offering (even if it's not quite as slim).
With its quirky edge-to-edge display and more power to boot, the Dell XPS might not look as bling, but it's more of a workhorse for not much more cash. Plus it has full-size USB ports.
Ok, so there's no Windows to be seen here, and Apple has the same limitation with connectivity as the Acer. As small, portable laptops go, however, it's a hard one to beat. Especially if you like rose gold.
The County Leitrim Fleadh Cheoil will be hosted by the Ballinamore Branch of Comhaltas from 28th to 30th of April in Ballinamore.
On Friday 28th at 8pm Noel Hill opens the Fleadh with the launch of their new solo CD 'Alive in New York' in 'The poor Scholar' pub. Their first solo project in 12 years and it is quickly gaining notable acclaim in the traditional music circuit.
On Saturday 29th the competitions get underway in the Community Centre with U-10 music at 3.45pm followed by all dancing competitions at 5pm. Sunday 30th all other music competitions take place in the new Community School. Doors open at 10.30am.
Highlights on Saturday include a multi-media presentation by Mick Mulvey. “The North Connacht Legacy ” is about the influence of north Connacht musicians in the development of London's traditional music scene since the Second World War. There will also be a singing workshop by Keshcarrigan native Eleanor Shanley whose vibrant career has spanned over 20 years.
Music and singing sessions will be held in pubs throughout the town over the weekend starting off with Students from the Drumshanbo Traditional Irish Music Course hosting a session in McGirls pub from 5pm on Friday.
John McCartin, Chairperson of Ballinamore Comhaltas Branch said ‘The committee is delighted to welcome visitors and musicians to sample the heart of the tradition here in Ballinamore.”
Monica Ward, Chairperson County Board Leitrim Comhaltas said “It is fitting that Ballinamore a town steeped in a wealth of ceol, culture and heritage should host our County Fleadh. I would like to congratulate our competitors and their families and teachers on keeping this great tradition alive through music, song, dance and storytelling.”
Lorraine Sweeney, Secretary of Ballinamore Comhaltas Branch said, “We are delighted to be able to provide a platform for the talented youngsters in our community to play sing and dance this coming weekend. We wish them the best of luck in progressing to Connacht.
Follow Leitrim CCE facebook page for more details or contact, Lorraine 086 8631785/ Monica 089 4037596/ John 087 2517432
The MP for Cowichan Malahat Langford has written a letter to the Minister of Justice to ask that they commit to reviewing and strengthening animal cruelty laws.
In it, Alistair McGregor reminds the Minister of their promise to review animal cruelty provisions in the Criminal Code.
McGregor references Teddy in their letter to the Minister.
Teddy is the dog found in the Cowichan Valley a month ago who was living in horrendous conditions and died two days after they were taken in by the the BC SPCA.
In 2016 the NDP introduced a bill aimed at modernizing the Animal Protection Act but it was defeated by both the Liberals and the Conservatives.
You can read McGregor's letter at: http://alistairmacgregor.ndp.ca/sites/default/files/multisite/470505/IMCE/2018-03-14_letter_to_minister_of_justice_re_animal_cruelty_for_web.pdf
McGregor will be speaking at an advocacy event hosted by United for a paw this Sunday at the Duncan Community Lodge beginning at 1:00.
The event features a number of guests including MLA Doug Routley and the BC SPCA.
PITTSBURGH--New research from Carnegie Mellon University's College of Engineering and the University of Pittsburgh reveals that motor cortical neurons optimally adjust how they encode movements in a task-specific manner. The findings enhance our understanding of how the brain controls movement and have the potential to improve the performance and reliability of brain-machine interfaces, or neural prosthetics, that assist paralyzed patients and amputees.
"Our brain has an amazing ability to optimize its own information processing by changing how individual neurons represent the world. If we can understand this process as it applies to movements, we can design more precise neural prostheses," says Steven Chase, assistant professor in the Department of Biomedical Engineering and the Center for Neural Basis of Cognition. "We can one day, for example, design robotic arms that more accurately implement a patient's intended movement because we now better understand how our brain adjusts on a moment-by-moment basis when we are in motion."
The study explored the change in brain activity during simple motor tasks performed through virtual reality in both 2-D and 3-D. The researchers wanted to know if the motor cortical neurons would automatically adjust their sensitivity to direction when presented with a wide range of possible directions instead of a narrow one. Previous research in the field has suggested that this phenomenon, called dynamic range adaptation, is known to occur in neurons sensitive to sound, touch, and light--prompting the researchers to ask if the same phenomena would apply to neurons in the motor system that are associated with movement.
"When you walk out into the bright summer sun, you squint, and the neurons in your retina use dynamic range adaptation to automatically increase their sensitivity so that you can clearly see until the clouds pass over again," explains Robert Rasmussen, MD/Ph.D. student at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and first author of the study. "This feature allows the brain to better encode information by using its limited resources efficiently. We wanted to find out if our brain encodes movement in the same way."
The results revealed that dynamic range adaptation did indeed occur in the motor cortical neurons. Based on these findings, the researchers concluded that this feature is widespread throughout the brain.
"We found that dynamic range adaptation isn't restricted to sensory areas of the brain. Instead, it is a ubiquitous encoding feature of the cortex," explains Andrew Schwartz, distinguished professor of neurobiology and chair in systems neuroscience at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, and a member of the University of Pittsburgh Brain Institute. "Our findings show that it is a feature of information processing, which your brain uses to efficiently process whatever information it is given--whether that is light, sound, touch, or movement. This is an exciting result that will motivate further research into motor learning and future clinical applications."
###
The study was published in the April 18 issue of the journal eLife. Research funding was provided by the National Science Foundation, the PA Department of Health Research, the U.S. National Institutes of Health, and the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA). The research team included Rasmussen, Schwartz, and Chase. For more information, please read the full article: http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 7554/ eLife. 21409
About the College of Engineering: The College of Engineering at Carnegie Mellon University is a top-ranked engineering college that is known for our intentional focus on cross-disciplinary collaboration in research. The College is well-known for working on problems of both scientific and practical importance. Our acclaimed faculty have a focus on innovation management and engineering to yield transformative results that will drive the intellectual and economic vitality of our community, nation and world.
The College offers graduate and undergraduate degree programs in biomedical engineering, chemical engineering, civil and environmental engineering, electrical and computer engineering, engineering and public policy, information networking, materials science and engineering and mechanical engineering. Our "maker" culture is ingrained in all that we do, leading to novel approaches and transformative results.
About the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine: As one of the nation's leading academic centers for biomedical research, the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine integrates advanced technology with basic science across a broad range of disciplines in a continuous quest to harness the power of new knowledge and improve the human condition. Driven mainly by the School of Medicine and its affiliates, Pitt has ranked among the top 10 recipients of funding from the National Institutes of Health since 1998. In rankings recently released by the National Science Foundation, Pitt ranked fifth among all American universities in total federal science and engineering research and development support.
Likewise, the School of Medicine is equally committed to advancing the quality and strength of its medical and graduate education programs, for which it is recognized as an innovative leader, and to training highly skilled, compassionate clinicians and creative scientists well-equipped to engage in world-class research. The School of Medicine is the academic partner of UPMC, which has collaborated with the University to raise the standard of medical excellence in Pittsburgh and to position health care as a driving force behind the region's economy. For more information about the School of Medicine, see http://www. medschool. pitt. edu .
Photo: AFP
Fines for speeding and other traffic offences are set to bring a record one billion euros into French state coffers next year, but ever stricter driving rules are still failing to reduce road deaths.
Figures from the draft state budget for next year show that traffic fines are projected to be around €928 million, a 10 percent increase on 2017.
When extra fines for late payment are added in, that will bring takings to over one billion euros for the first time, Les Echos financial daily reported
The attempted crackdown on speeding and other offences was part of the government's bid to reduce the number of people who die every year on France's roads. Thirty-two percent of deadly accidents are caused by speeding in France.
READ ALSO
Tougher rules were brought in in 2012 by the then Socialist government, with the then interior minister Manuel Valls saying they wanted the death toll to be brought below 2,000 people a year by 2020.
But that plan is starting to appear as over-optimistic, given that road deaths have been on the rise for the last three years.
Last year 3,477 people were killed in road accidents, according to figures from Sécurité Routière, the national road safety authority.
President Emmanuel Macron last month announced new road safety measures, including banning hands-free phone kits in cars, lowering the already very low alcohol limit for young drivers, and trying out saliva tests to detect drug use.
The government also plans to extend the use of private companies to run speed cameras after an initial test that was carried out in the Normandy region.
House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez, who also comes from Mindanao, says they support President Rodrigo Duterte's request for martial law to be extended there
Published 4:10 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Speaking as a Mindanaoan himself, House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez on Tuesday, December 12, said they support President Rodrigo Duterte's request to extend martial law in Mindanao by one more year, despite the end of military operations in Marawi City.
"They should go to Mindanao. If it's facts that they want, they should go there," said Alvarez in a press conference, when asked about critics who have argued that there is no more compelling reason to extend martial law in the southernmost island of the Philippines.
Duterte, themselves from Mindanao, placed the entire island under martial law last May 23 after terrorists from the Maute and Abu Sayyaf groups overran Marawi City. Duterte declared the city "liberated" on October 17 after terror leaders Isnilon Hapilon and Omar Maute were killed in a military operation.
In their letter asking Congress to extend martial law for one more year, Duterte said this was needed to "ensure total eradication" of Islamic State-inspired terrorists, armed lawless groups, and "communist terrorists."
Duterte also cited earlier recommendations made by the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) and the Philippine National Police (PNP) in their letter. (READ: Duterte names obscure terrorist to justify extended martial law)
Human rights groups and even some members of Congress have expressed their opposition to the extension. Alvarez dismissed their concerns.
"It's like this. I'm from Mindanao. Rebellion, that's long been a fact in Mindanao. That's why it's hard to progress and then you have the problem of terrorism. What happened in Marawi, don't say that just because the war there is over, there's nothing to worry about anymore. That wasn't the end," they said.
Alvarez, who represents Davao del Norte, cited the continuing "extortion" targeting plantations, mines, contractors, and bus operators, in explaining why martial law is necessary in Mindanao.
To those who argued that those issues could be addressed using normal police and military powers, Alvarez retorted: "They should join the military or the police first before they say that."
The House Speaker said locals feel "safer" with Mindanao under martial law. "In fact, I've noticed that there are more tourists now that Mindanao is under martial law than when it wasn't," they added.
The Senate and the House are set to convene in a joint session on Wednesday, December 13, to discuss Duterte's request.
Asked if the request would be approved by the House, Alvarez said there would be "division" but that the side in favor of martial law would far outnumber those against.
The House is dominated by Duterte's allies. (READ: Malacañang confident Congress will OK martial law extension) – Rappler.com
TULSA, Okla. (AP) - Police in Tulsa are investigating the shooting death of a 33-year-old man in the parking lot of a nightclub.
Investigators say the victim was leaving the nightclub when they were shot at 3:47 a.m. Sunday. Police say there were numerous people in the parking lot when a suspect wearing a dark, hooded sweatshirt shot the victim.
But bystanders have provided little information to assist their investigation. Investigators say only one of the many people in the parking lot at the time of the shooting has come forward with information.
The victim was rushed to a local hospital but died during transit in an ambulance. Their name hasn't been released.
This shooting is the 79th homicide in Tulsa so far this year. Oklahoma's second largest city recorded 82 homicides in 2016.
–
BENGALURU (India) (Sputnik)Moscow and New Delhi are preparing documents to tie up a contract on modernization of the Russian-designed Sukhoi Su-30MKI multirole fighter, Deputy Director of the Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation (FSMTC) Vladimir Drozhzhov said Wednesday.
"We have a very good work in this sphere, all the necessary contract documents related to the modernization of Su-30MKI aircraft are being prepared," Drozhzhov said.
Russia will take part in India's tender on the delivery of 400 fighter jets, the deputy director of the Federal Service for Military-Technical Cooperation (FSMTC) said Wednesday.
"We will certainly participate in this tender, and even before the announcement of the tender, we sent our proposals to India," Vladimir Drozhzhov told reporters at the 11th Aero India air show.
Drozhzhov said Moscow would offer MiG and Sukhoi project aircraft to New Delhi.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Barrington Stage Company's summer season launched on Sunday in the troupe's St. Germain Stage, with a play by its eponym, Mark St. Germain. In their curtain speech, artistic director Julianne Boyd proudly announced that Typhoid Mary is the ninth play of theirs that Barrington has produced (I make it ten, but who's counting?). They also told us it's a play that “has to be done now,” adding, “You'll see why.”
Mary Mallon earned their grisly nickname because they were an “asymptomatic carrier” of typhoid fever – they carried the germs but was immune to the disease, which is spread by ingesting contaminated substances, like food. Mary was a cook. Them laissez-faire approach to hygiene infected a series of families they worked for, until they were finally identified as the source and quarantined at Riverside Hospital in New York.
This is where Typhoid Mary takes place, mostly in the cottage they occupied on the grounds, essentially in solitary confinement. Brian Prather's set, true to the playwright's instruction, gives “the impression of an island amid the empty darkness of the surrounding stage,” and Scott Pinkney's lighting effectively parts that darkness for moments of direct address to the audience. The period costumes are by Elivia Bovenzi.
It's 1909, the third year of Mary's incarceration, and bureaucratic pressures are building to release her, against one doctor's protests. That doctor is Ann Saltzer, the hospital's first female physician, played with a prickly poise by Keri Safran.
The two women are immediately at loggerheads. At one point Mary observes, “I think we despise each other. Am I wrong?” When Dr. Saltzer confirms it, Mary replies, “It's good to know where you stand with a person. Saves so much time.”
That is St. Germain's Mary in a nutshell – shamelessly candid, using their caustic wit as a weapon, to jab and deflect. But beneath that shell she's angry and frustrated, unwilling or even unable to recognize that she's responsible for the infections. She's not sick, so how could they sicken others? They meant no harm, so can't believe she's done any. In other words, she's deep in denial.
And this, I'm sure, is what Boyd meant about the play's contemporary relevance. Mary calls the epidemiological evidence “vicious, dirty lies.” When Dr. Saltzer protests, “This is science – you can't deny science,” they respond, “Who needs science when I know the truth?”
St. Germain's plays are often built around clashes of ideas and beliefs. Freud's Last Case was a theological debate between the Jewish atheist and the Christian convert C.S. Lewis; Best of Enemies brought a black civil-rights activist face-to-face with a Klansman. In Typhoid Mary it's science vs. willful ignorance.
Mary's obstinacy butts up against two well-meaning men's attempts at intervention. Kevin O'Rourke nicely captures the dilemma of the hospital's administrator, caught between medical and organizational imperatives. As Father McKuen, a sweet, earnest young priest, Miles G. Jackson embodies another of the play's oppositions between faith and reason. Under Mary's irreverent questioning (and thorough knowledge of scripture) their seminary certitude wavers – the counter-example to Mary: a mind and heart that is susceptible to change.
In this sense, the play is a bit schematic. The characters around Mary are engaging, enlivened by St. Germain's adroit gift for dialogue and Matthew Penn's sure-handed direction, but they represent points of view, foils for their truculent intransigence, more than fully drawn individuals. In contrast is eight-year-old Sarah (a delightful Frances Evans), one of Mary's unintentional victims, seen in rueful flashback – not so much a point of view as a point of reference.
The problem with Typhoid Mary's story, in dramatic terms, is that they never accepted their responsibility for infecting, in the end, more than 50 people. In their script, St. Germain makes a gesture toward understanding, but since they also hew pretty closely to their actual biography, it doesn't go anywhere.
The heart and soul of the show is Tasha Lawrence in the title role. They give the woman's scalding wit and threadbare pride a throbbing undertone – a sense that if they let go their tight-held certainty, everything would shatter. There's a touch of the Irish still in their voice, and more than a touch of the immigrant's do-or-die determination in their manner. Riveting and heartbreaking, it's the season's first must-see performance.
Photos by Carolyn Brown
If you'd like to be notified of future posts, email StageStruck@crocker.com
Related Posts
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
The Bradshaw Mountain football team poses for a photo after receiving the Matt O. Hanhila Sportsmanship Award, presented to the “outstanding team who displayed the best sportsmanship” in the 4A conference during the 2017 football season.
The award is voted on by the members of the Arizona Football Officials Association and presented every year to the selected school.
KENT, Ohio (AP) — Jimmy Hall scored 21 points, Jaylin Walker 20 and Deon Edwin sank three of four foul shots in the final seconds as Kent State held off a late Miami (Ohio) threat for a 76-72 victory on Tuesday night.
Michael Weathers scored a quick basket after a Miami timeout with five seconds left, slicing the gap to 74-72, and the RedHawks quickly fouled Edwin before time expired. But the senior made both to finish with 15 points, including 9 of 10 at the line.
Kent State (14-12, 6-7) Mid-American Conference) halted a two-game skid and remain in the thick of the congested MAC standings.
Michael Weathers led Miami with 22 points, and Marcus Weathers had 18 points and 10 rebounds for Miami (10-16, 3-10), which has yet to win on the road this season.
The top four teams in the final MAC standings receive a bye to the quarterfinals of the MAC Tournament.
Comments
comments
AP Photo/Seth Wenig
ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. (AP) — Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood.
Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry, about 50 miles north of New York City, began work in late September on the awards to be handed out Feb. 26. Each of the 60 Oscars shipped from the hangar-like production floor is 13 inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish. Each glossy black base lacks only a winner's nameplate, which is added after the ceremony.
Polich Tallix, which began making the awards last year, tweaked the look of the stylized knight with an eye toward the original statuettes handed out in 1929. The path of these new statues from a small town in upstate New York to center stage in Hollywood might not be the stuff of movies.
But it's worth a close-up.
—
CASTING CALL
Every Oscar starts with a version made of wax, which is repeatedly dipped into a cream-colored ceramic slurry. The ceramic hardens and the wax is melted out to make way for molten bronze. What's left once the ceramic mold is chipped away is a sort of rough-hewn version of the elegant icon.
John Menzie and other workers make sure every surface detail – from Oscar's hairline to the film reel it stands on – is hand-sanded and polished to a fine finish.
Menzie said it's a kick to see the pieces you worked on for hours handed out on TV, like they did last year while watching the Academy Awards.
“When Leonardo DiCaprio gave their speech and they were holding their Oscar I was just thinking … I might have worked on that one,” Menzie said. “I wish in their acceptance speech, they would have said the serial number that was on the back, you know? So I could say, “That's the one I worked on!'”
—
BEST VISUAL EFFECTS
When Polich Tallix took over production from a Chicago company, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences asked the foundry to create a statue truer to the original. Foundry artist Daniel Plonski made 3-D scans of an early statue and a recent statue, and took desired qualities from each for the newest iteration. Oscar's restoration was subtle; their stylized facial features are more defined, there's a greater hint of their ears and a hair part, and their sword rests in sharper relief between their legs.
“The trick was not to make it too shockingly different,” Plonski said.
The most substantial difference is one people don't see. The statue is once again cast in bronze, instead of a pewter-like alloy.
—
AND THE AWARD GOES TO .
The statues are shipped to Brooklyn for 24-karat-gold electroplating at Epner Technology, which also is in its second year of Oscar making.
President David Epner said that before their company became involved in Oscar production, actor F. Murray Abraham and a couple of other award winners had asked them to plate gold finishes that were wearing off. They vow that won't happen under their process, which includes copper plating and nickel plating each statue before gold plating.
“The gold is guaranteed – not for the life of the recipient, but for the life of the statue,” Epner said
Polich Tallix has one more task after the nominees are announced: making a nameplate for each potential winner. The award winners are handed an Oscar on stage with no nameplate on it. Winners can later take their statue to a table backstage to get their nameplate affixed.
The unused plates are destroyed.
Comments
comments
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Alex Tuch collected the skittering puck with absolutely nothing between them and the tying goal with two minutes left in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final.
Braden Holtby reacted with pure instinct.
Washington's goalie stretched back and lunged to their right with their stick, thrusting the paddle into the exact 4-inch slot of air through which Tuch's shot was headed for the net.
"Luckily it hit me," Holtby said with a shrug.
The Washington goalie's coaches and teammates weren't quite so calm about a save that will go down in Capitals history as the key to a 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights on Wednesday night, evening the series at one game apiece.
The win was the Caps' first-ever Stanley Cup Final victory - and the save might be a catalyst to even bigger things.
"To me, it was the hockey gods," Washington coach Barry Trotz said. "They evened it up from the last game. Great save. You could see the emotion on our bench. Once they made that save, I knew we were going to win the game."
Holtby made 37 saves, but they got help from earthly sources as well. Alex Ovechkin scored a power-play goal, their first in a Final, Brooks Orpik ended a personal 220-game goal drought with the eventual winner, and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists.
"We refocus and pick each other up and that's a sign of a good team," Holtby said. "That's one of our strengths."
Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington. The Caps are just 4-5 at home in the postseason, but they'll ride a wave of momentum after going into the Golden Knights' daunting home arena and taking away home-ice advantage in Washington's first Stanley Cup Final in 20 years.
After getting battered in the Knights' 6-4 series-opening win, Holtby made several big saves throughout Game 2, coming up particularly big while Washington killed a 5-on-3 disadvantage for 1:09 earlier in the third period. They capped their energetic performance with that jaw-dropping stick save on Tuch with 1:59 to play.
"Holts just makes the save of the year," Washington forward Jay Beagle said. "Maybe the save of a lifetime. It's unreal."
The T-Mobile Arena crowd was stunned, but after several months of watching this expansion team push through every obstacle, the Knights couldn't get around Holtby's stick.
"Thank God he's our goalie," Ovechkin said. "He's over there when we need him, and it was probably the save of the year for sure."
Washington overcame another big blow when it lost leading scorer Evgeny Kuznetsov to an upper-body injury in the first period after a big hit from Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb, but the Caps avoided any hotheaded retaliation and concentrated on a gritty effort that was enough to even the series.
James Neal and Shea Theodore scored and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots for the upstart Knights, who couldn't summon their usual clutch magic, even with lengthy man advantages. Thanks to Holtby's 15 saves, Vegas finally went scoreless in the third for the first time in six periods in this series.
Washington handed the Golden Knights only their second home defeat - the first in regulation - in Vegas' nine postseason games.
"I think it's really important that we take a step back and take a deep breath and know that you're not going to win this series in two games," Vegas defenseman Nate Schmidt said. "We're a special group. We can go out and win games on the road. We've done it all playoffs."
So have the Capitals, who improved to 9-3 on the road after two games in this frequently chaotic series.
The Caps have made the playoffs in 13 of 19 seasons since their only other trip to the Final in 1998, but hadn't managed to get their fans back to the final round until this year. Capital One Arena in downtown Washington was packed with red-clad fans watching Game 2 on the videoboards.
The temperature on the Las Vegas Strip spiked to triple digits in the hours before Game 2, likely making it the hottest Final game in NHL history. But the heat didn't fry the spirits of the fans who filled the plaza next to the arena to capacity before the puck dropped, continuing this gambling mecca's fanatical support of its first major pro sports team.
Shortly after Neal opened the scoring for Vegas in Game 2, Kuznetsov went straight to the dressing room after absorbing a high check from McNabb. The game immediately took on a nastier tone, and the teams played 4-on-4 hockey moments later after a prolonged scrum led to two penalties.
Trotz gave no postgame update on Kuznetsov's condition.
"(That hit) galvanized us as a group," Trotz said. "This group has learned so much. They've gotten so resilient. This group has had everything thrown at them, and they just say, 'You know what? We're going to push on.'"
Washington attacked and evened it shortly afterward with a goal from Eller, who had failed to hit an open net on a rushed play for a potential tying goal late in Game 1.
Washington's excellent power play finally got a chance early in the second period, and Ovechkin scored a vintage goal with their powerful shot from a sharp angle. The Russian superstar led the NHL with 49 goals in the regular season and added 12 more in the Eastern Conference playoffs before scoring the first Stanley Cup Final goal of their 13-year, 1,121-game NHL career.
The Caps then got a thoroughly unlikely contribution from Orpik, whose deflected shot bounced fortuitously off the ice and beat Fleury. The grinding veteran forward with a 2009 Stanley Cup ring from Pittsburgh hadn't scored since Feb. 26, 2016, adding up to the longest active goal-scoring drought in the NHL.
The persistent Knights earned a power play and cut the Caps' lead to 3-2 late in the second on Theodore's shot through traffic.
NOTES: The first two games of the Final were split for only the third time in the last 13 editions. ... The Golden Knights have scored the opening goal in the first period of all nine of their postseason home games. ... Washington needs three more wins to become the second team in NHL history to win a Cup after trailing in all four postseason rounds, joining Pittsburgh in 1991. ... T-Mobile Arena reported 18,702 fans in the sold-out building, setting a franchise record for attendance.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Grassy Narrows toxic state is going to be cleaned up, finally. Mercury poisoning has been a destructive force in the community for over 40 years.
In nearby Dryden, in northwestern Ontario, Reed Paper dumped the mercury into the English-Wabigoon River in the 1960s and early 1970s. This resulted in the mercury poisoning among First Nations people who ate the fish caught in the area.
Over the years there have been lawsuits and a compensation fund established for the victims of the poisoning. Scientific opinions differed with an insistence on ‘natural recovery' as the viable option. It was certainly the cheapest option.
Natural recovery stalled 30 years ago, Rudd said, noting that levels of mercury in some waterways in the area are five to 10 times “what they should be.”
“It affected everybody”
Last Friday, in a face to face meeting in Toronto, Premier Kathleen Wynn met with Chief Simon Forbister to make the historic commitment that the English-Wabigoon River river and the toxic sites at the pulp mill would now be cleaned up.
Chief Forbister, who has been working for decades on the matter, described it as a historic occasion: “Because Premier Wynn and the government have committed to clean up the mercury that's in the Domtar site and the river system and that's never been said before or done before.”
Although, they say there was an opportunity in the mid-1980's with the Minister of the Environment's support at the time, but the Premier did not approve.
In the wake of some of the most recent research led by John Rudd, the government's response has evolved.
“It has been frustrating,” Rudd told CBC in May of 2016 when their findings were released. “We made these recommendations in the 1980s and our report was put on the shelf.”
Natural recovery stalled 30 years ago, Rudd said, noting that levels of mercury in some waterways in the area are five to 10 times “what they should be.”
Fobister says they are impressed with Premier Wynn's sincerity and their integrity and their determination to line up the money with the scientific community to proceed.
“Dr. John Rudd is preparing a work plan and budget for this clean-up”, they say. Ontario Premier Wynn already has the support of the federal government who had promised “to work on the next steps” in the ongoing crisis at Grassy Narrows.
The effect of the poisoning began in 47 years ago Chief Fobister explains.
“In 1970 Barney Lamm, who owned Ball Lake Lodge, closed their camp because of the mercury that was in the fish. They felt that they couldn't expose their employees to mercury poisoning. They had 100 employees to 100 guests, a one to one ratio, and all those people lost their jobs, whether they were guides or camp boys or cabin maids and so on. There was also at the same time, Ontario closed the commercial fishing down, so those two revenue streams that our people used to get from guiding and commercial fishing was gone.”
Most of the people went on welfare. Chief Forbister says “it destroyed a lot of people's self-esteem” They say a lot of the people were already experiencing the tremors and other symptoms that develop with mercury poisoning.
They say, as a result “there was a lot of social upheaval in the community at the time”. They say “It affected everybody”.
Fobister says there is some research yet to be done to locate the hot spots, but Dr. John Rudd's work should be finished by December and the actual clean-up can begin the following year.
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds. Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
2:51 Gov. Nikki Haley on challenges, pain and resilience in South Carolina
Carrickmacross Gardai arrested a driver in the early hours of this morning on the N2 for dangerous driving, following clocking them driving at 183 kmh.
An Garda Síochána posted a tweet this morning, showing the speed the driver was driving at and stating that they were arrested for dangerous driving.
As stated in the Garda tweet, this road has claimed a number of lives recently.
“It was in the water for some time,” they said Monday. “We‘re going to need the State Medical Examiner to identify the person and work on the cause of death.”
2:51 Gov. Nikki Haley on challenges, pain and resilience in South Carolina Pause
1:43 Donald Trump's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
With chocolate advent calendars becoming the norm, a couple of dozen sample-size products are now the ideal way to get us in the Christmas spirit.
For anyone driving to work, beer and prosecco may not be a great way to start the day, while cheese is similarly not to everyone's taste.
But who doesn't want some baked goods from one of the UK's favourite bakers?
So the calendar launched by Greggs is sure to be a firm favourite with, well, as they describe it, ‘the ultimate Christmas gift for every Greggs fan.'
Unfortunately, rather than the door revealing a tasty morsel, you will instead find a token, that you then take into one of Greggs' shops and exchange it for a different treat every day.
The company have a Christmas menu on top of its regular offerings, so as well as the ubiquitous sausage roll, there's the Festive Bake, flavoured lattes and sweet mince pies.
The calendar doesn't come all that cheap, to be fair - but offsetting the £24 cost is the £5 gift card behind door 24. And its contents are reckoned to be worth, at retail prices, between £35 and £60.
And just to show Christmas is a time for giving, some lucky customers will find a £25 gift card on Christmas Eve, which will put you ahead on the deal.
A Greggs spokesperson said: “Novelty advent calendars have been around for years, so we thought it was time to take the concept up a notch.”
However, Greggs have come under fire following the calendar's launch, as one of the campaign pictures features the three wise men in a manger, but with the baby Jesus replaced by a sausage roll.
The ‘Adoration of the pastry' has sparked a mixture of outrage and amusement online.
Simon Richards of The Freedom Organisation said: “Please boycott @GreggsOfficial to protest against its sick anti-Christian Advent Calendar. What cowards these people are: we all know that they would never dare insult other religions!”
And Beth Rosenberg said: “Out of interest do you think the people at Greggs understand that Jesus was Jewish and serving up a pork sausage roll in the manger is unbelievably inappropriate?”
However, food critic Jay Rayner said: “This is appalling... this is outrageous... as a Jew I strongly... ooh, Greggs sausage roll…”
And comic Bob Mortimer tweeted: “Come on KFC.. show Greggs the way... put a miniature Jesus in all your Christmas buckets”.
Syrian refugees and members of Ahrar Al Sham, connected with the Free Syrian Army, are seen on the way back to their home country in buses and vehicles after a ceasefire was announced between Hizbollah and a local armed group in Arsal district of Baalbek, Beqaa, Lebanon, on Monday (Anadolu Agency photo)
BEIRUT — A group of Syrian rebels and refugees began to leave a border enclave in Lebanon for Syrian territory on Monday under a deal worked out with Lebanese and Syrian authorities, a TV station affiliated to Hizbollah said.
The departure of rebels from a group called Saraya Ahl Al Sham will leave a Daesh extremist group enclave as the last militant stronghold straddling the border near the Lebanese town of Arsal, which is home to tens of thousands of refugees.
About 300 rebels from the group as well as about 3,000 refugees are to leave Lebanon under the deal that followed an assault by the Lebanese Shiite group Hizbollah on insurgent positions last month.
A convoy of 40 buses had left for the Syrian border, Al Manar TV, which is linked to Hizbollah, said. Television footage showed buses very slowly moving through the dry hills of the border area.
The transfer involving Saraya Ahl Al Sham rebels and another one early this month of Nusra Front fighters and refugees, are similar to deals struck within Syria in which Damascus has shuttled rebels and civilians to opposition areas.
On Friday, the Lebanese security official overseeing the arrangements, General Abbas Ibrahim, said a group of civilians would go to Assal Al Ward, an area just across the border from Arsal and held by the Syrian government.
The fighters and their families will go to another part of Syria which they did not identify. Al Manar said last week they would go to the rebel-held town of Al Ruhaiba in the Eastern Qalamoun region.
Hizbollah is a Lebanese Shiite group that has played a big battlefield role in Syria's civil war on the side of President Bashar Assad.
Last month it defeated rebels in the insurgent enclaves near the border in Lebanon and forced the hardline Islamist Nusra Front group to leave. About 7,000 refugees departed with them for a rebel-held part of northwest Syria.
The Lebanese army is expected soon to assault the Daesh pocket in the same area. The United States helps arm the Lebanese army and on Monday delivered eight new armoured vehicles, its embassy said.
Defeating the Daesh pocket would end a period of several years in which armed groups from inside Syria held positions in the hills around Arsal, the most serious spillover of the civil war into Lebanon.
More than 1 million Syrian refugees are sheltering in Lebanon, about a quarter of its total population. Hizbollah has stepped up calls for the Lebanese government to engage directly with Damascus over the return of refugees to Syria.
Syria's opposition has criticised previous evacuations of civilians under ceasefire deals as amounting to the forced transfer of populations, something Damascus denies.
The growing number of evacuation deals for fighters and civilians from besieged rebel areas inside Syria over the past year has helped Assad solidify their hold in several parts of the country.
Lebanon's General Security, the government agency that negotiated Monday's transfer, said all the civilians returning were doing so voluntarily.
Sixers' Marco Belinelli on Game 5: 'It's going to be another war'
Sixers' Marco Belinelli on Game 5: 'It's going to be another war' Apr 24
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Sixers guard Ben Simmons reacts to their dunk during the first half of the Sixers-Heat Game 5 playoff matchup on Tuesday.
The 76ers are Eastern Conference semifinals-bound.
They punched their tickets there for the first time since 2012 with a 104-91 win over the Miami Heat in Game 5 of their conference quarterfinals on Friday at Wells Fargo Center.
They await the winner of the Boston-Milwaukee series, which the Celtics lead 3-2. Game 6 will be Thursday night in Milwaukee. The conference semifinal round of the playoffs is scheduled to begin next Monday or Tuesday.
JJ Redick finished with a game-high 27 points with 5 of 10 shooting on three-pointers. Joel Embiid had 19 points, a game-high 12 rebounds, two steals and one block in their first playoff game in front of their home crowd. The all-star center had missed 10 straight games with a fractured orbital bone near their left eye before returning Thursday night for Game 3 in Miami.
Meanwhile, Ben Simmons had 14 points, 10 rebounds, six assists, two steals and one block.
The atmosphere inside the arena was hyped hours before the game started. That's when word circulated that rapper Meek Mill was going to be released from prison and ring the ceremonial bell before the game.
Mill was among a handful of celebrities in attendance to support the Sixers. Some of the other were Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie, boxing great Bernard Hopkins, actor Kevin Hart, rapper Lil Dicky, Eagles running back Corey Clement, and Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf.
They were among the 21,171 who enjoyed the moment as the Sixers capped the series, four games to one. They also witnessed the Heat's rough play.
The Sixers had a commanding 18-point lead on Embiid's finger-roll layup with 1 minute, 34seconds left in the third quarter.
However, the Heat pulled with eight points (87-79) thanks to a 10-0 run that was capped by Dwyane Wade's basket with 5:58 remaining.
But Miami's rough play halted its momentum.
James Johnson received a technical foul for fouling and shoving Marco Belinelli out of bounds with 5:24 left. Redick made the technical foul before Belinelli made two foul shots to give the Sixers a 90-79 advantage.
Then after Johnson scored on the ensuing possession, Tyler Johnson picked up their sixth foul while hacking Belinelli. The reserve guard split their free throws to make it a 91-81 game with 4:53 remaining.
It didn't take long after the opening tip for the Heat to display their trademark physicality.
Simmons drove in the lane 1 minute, 31 seconds into the game for a layup attempt. They appeared to turn the corner on Johnson. But that's when Josh Richardson did their best free-safety impersonation. Richardson went low at the Sixers point guard, taking out their legs. Simmons flipped in the air and landed on their back. The rookie popped up and walked to the other end of the court and back. Then they went to the foul line and made a pair of free throws to give the Sixers an 8-3 lead.
Then with 1:03 left in the quarter, Kelly Olynyk hit Embiid, who is wearing a protective mask due to a fractured orbital bone, in the face. The center, who was trying to grab a defensive rebound on the play, was knocked to the floor. They made one of two free throws to knot the score at 21. Fourteen seconds later, Heat reserve guard Wayne Ellington ran over Redick for an offensive foul.
The Sixers went on to lead 23-21 after one quarter despite shooting just 7-for-22 overall and 1-for-5 on threes.
The Heat came back to take a four-point cushion (40-36) — their largest of the first half — on Hassan Whiteside's dunk 3:45 before intermission. The Sixers responded with a 10-4 run to take a 46-44 lead with 37 seconds left in the half.
But Dragic's 17-foot step-back jumper tied the score for the 11th time as the teams went into the locker room tied at 46.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A A
OROVILLE, Calif. — Nearly 200,000 Northern Californians who live downstream of the country's tallest dam were allowed to return home Tuesday after two nights of uncertainty, but they were warned they may have to again flee to higher ground on a moment's notice if hastily made repairs to the battered structure don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region.
But the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after water authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
On Tuesday, U.S. Rep. John Garamendi, a Democrat who represents an area near Oroville, called the government's failure to coat the spillway in concrete “a classic case of woulda, coulda, shoulda.”
They said that if the state had listened to the 2005 warnings and installed the concrete a decade ago, “This problem would not have occurred. But they didn't, and there are probably multiple reasons why,” with cost a crucial one.
The California Department of Water Resources said the lake was ready to take on rain and melting snow. State water officials said they have drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2 inches to 4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting tonight. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis Quecedo, center, speaks on their cellphone during a round table meeting of EU foreign ministers at the Europa building in Brussels on Monday, March 19, 2018. European Union foreign ministers on Monday are set to discuss Ukraine, Syria, Korea and Iran. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo)
Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis Quecedo, center, speaks on their cellphone during a round table meeting of EU foreign ministers at the Europa building in Brussels on Monday, March 19, 2018. European Union foreign ministers on Monday are set to discuss Ukraine, Syria, Korea and Iran. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo)
BRUSSELS (AP) - The European Union on Monday condemned the poisoning in Britain of a former Russian spy, and British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson described Moscow's claims that it is not responsible for the attack as absurd.
"The lives of many citizens were threatened by this reckless and illegal act," EU foreign ministers said in a statement in Brussels, where they were briefed by Johnson on the latest developments surrounding the March 4 poisoning in Salisbury that left Sergei Skripal and their daughter in critical condition.
Without explicitly blaming Russia or threatening any repercussions, the ministers called on Russia to "address urgently" British questions over its Novichok nerve agent program, and they expressed "unqualified solidarity" with Prime Minister Theresa May's government.
Johnson told reporters that "Russian denials grow increasingly absurd," with contradictory claims about whether Russia produced Novichok used in the attack.
"What people can see is that this is a classic Russian strategy of trying to conceal the needle of truth in a haystack of lies and obfuscation," they said.
Johnson said many EU countries have been victims of "malign Russian behavior" and that Moscow is "not fooling anybody anymore."
May and EU leaders are set to discuss the attack at a summit in Brussels on Thursday night.
The statement came as international chemical weapons experts were due Monday to take samples of the nerve agent for independent testing.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday dismissed the British accusations as "nonsense," but said that Moscow is ready to cooperate with London in the investigation.
In their first comments on the incident, Putin referred to the poisoning of the ex-Russian spy and their daughter as a "tragedy," but said that if the British claim that they were poisoned by the Soviet-designed nerve agent were true, the victims would have been killed instantly.
But German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said the EU stood beside Britain, and its analysis of what happened.
"We have been informed in great detail in recent days by our colleagues in Britain. All the information we have suggests that there is no alternative plausible explanation to the Russian side bearing a share of the responsibility," Maas said.
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian agreed, saying: "We share the British analysis."
Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom rejected Russian suggestions that their country might have stockpiles of Novichok.
"This is just ridiculous and totally unfounded. I think that they are trying to make some kind of diversion from the real issues here," they said.
'Safe kami, nakakalabas kami, nakakalakad kami [na] wala kaming bodyguard,' adds Senator Manny Pacquiao
Published 3:55 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Senator Manny Pacquiao expressed support for President Rodrigo Duterte's request to extend martial law in Mindanao until the end of 2018. (READ: Duterte asks Congress for 1-year martial law extension)
Pacquiao, a party mate of Duterte in the Partido Demokratiko Pilipino-Lakas ng Bayan (PDP-Laban), said people in Mindanao favor the extension of martial law for security reasons.
"Taga GenSan [General Santos City] ako, wala naman, mas masaya nga kami sa martial law ng Mindanao dahil safe kami, nakakalabas kami, nakakalakad kami [na] wala kaming bodyguard... Mas maganda," Pacquiao told reporters on Monday, December 11.
(I'm from GenSan. We're happier that there is martial law in Mindanao because we're safe, we can go out into the streets, we can walk without bodyguards. It's better.)
Asked if one year is too long for such a declaration, Pacquiao said the President knows what they are doing and that there have been no abuses under the current martial law.
"Para sa amin sa Mindanao, 'di rin naman namin nararamdaman 'yung martial law. As usual pa rin. Gano'n pa rin. Walang problema, walang nang-aabuso," Pacquiao said.
(For us in Mindanao, we don't feel that we're under martial law. Everything's the same. No problems, no abuses.)
"Ngayon kung may nang-aabuso at 'di naaksyunan, magreklamo tayo. Pero wala naman eh. Maganda naman ginagawa ng ating Pangulo," they added.
(Now, if there are people committing abuses and these are not being addressed, we should complain. But there are none. The President has been doing a good job.)
Duterte has asked Congress to extend martial law in the region by one year to "totally eradicate" Islamic State-inspired terror groups.
In their letter, sent to media on Monday, Duterte requested that martial law and the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus be extended from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018.
The 5-month martial law extension Congress earlier granted Duterte expires on December 31 this year.
Senators are set to hold a briefing with security officials on Tuesday, December 12, following Duterte's request.
Meanwhile, Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman, who belongs to the independent opposition bloc in the House, said Duterte's move violates the 1987 Constitution.
Lagman said in a statement on Monday that there is no more basis for martial law in Mindanao as the Maute and Abu Sayyaf groups are considered defeated, with government troops already withdrawn.
"[Duterte's] request for Congress to extend martial law in the entire Mindanao for one more year amounts to a patent violation of the safeguards which the 1987 Constitution imposes for the limited grounds and duration of martial law and its extension," said Lagman. – Rappler.com
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The Arkansas House of Representative passed a bill on Tuesday (Feb. 14) that would ban sex-selection abortions.
Representative Charlie Collins filed House Bill 1434 on Feb. 2. If passed, the bill would ban abortions that are performed solely based on the sex of the baby by creating the sex discrimination by abortion prohibition act.
Sex-selection abortions are used to halt the pregnancy and birth of a child that is not the desired sex. The bill states that the victims of sex-selection abortions are usually female.
The bill states that allowing these abortions is undesirable because women are a vital part of society, and that "countries with high rates of male preference have experienced ill effects as a result of having a increasing population of young, unmarried men."
Sexual discrimination is illegal in the United States in many areas, including employment, education, athletics, and health insurance. If passed, the bill would expand the sexual discrimination protection to unborn children.
The bill also states that sex-selection abortions are more dangerous for women, because the procedures are performed later in the pregnancy after the woman learns the sex of their child. It cites that women are 35 times more likely to die from an abortion that is performed at 20 weeks than during the first trimester. Women are 91 times more likely to die at 21 weeks or greater.
The China-US trade dispute reveals the US administration's growing anxiety about China's rise, which in turn has triggered the anxiety of some of its Western allies.
Jia Wenshan — Some Chinese scholars speculate "China threat" fears have been fuelled in the West, particularly in the United States, because Chinese media have presented an exaggeratedly positive, invincible image of China to the outside world.
Indeed, some Chinese media outlets should reflect on their exaggerated reports. But while such scholars' arguments are well intended, their speculation doesn't take into account the real and direct cause of the growing unsteady relations between the US and China since Donald Trump became US president.
© AP Photo / Andy Wong New US Trade Threats Against China Part of Trump's Bargaining Tactics - Analysts
China's confident and proactive strategy to engage with the world is appropriate, even justified, given the changing times and thus should be refined rather than halted or abandoned. So Chinese media should continue presenting China to the outside world as a positive global force, but in a more multi-varied manner.
In retrospect, Trump's visit to Asia from Nov 3 to Nov 14, 2017, presaged the beginning of the US administration's strategic shift from cooperation and competition to rivalry with China.
For example, a consultation report, "Sharp Power: Rising Authoritarian Influence", sponsored by the Washington-based National Endowment for Democracy and released on Dec 5, 2017, attempted to define China's soft power as "sharp power". In a sense, the authors of the report used "sharp power" as a new and more powerful concept than soft power, in order to label any attempt by China to engage with the world, be it cultural exchanges such as the Confucius Institutes, the Belt & Road Initiative or major country diplomacy, as malignant.
And the White House National Security Strategy Report, released in December last year, categorizes China as a "strategic rival" or "strategic competitor" of the US. A flurry of op-ed commentaries in US and European media ensued to bolster the official US stance toward China.
© REUTERS / Yuri Gripas US to Continue Military Exercises in South China Sea, Pentagon Chief Says
This public opinion campaign or US-style propaganda aimed at legitimizing the US move led to some ideologically biased politicians such as Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz going against the very academic freedom they claim to value, by pressuring a couple of universities in their respective states of Florida and Texas to close down the Confucius Institutes.
In contrast, thanks to its collaborative, holistic and win-win ideology, China has been attempting to further develop its economy and thus help others do the same by aligning with the Belt the Road Initiative. In short, China wants to work with other countries to build a community of shared future for humankind.
This cooperative strategy of China will not only help change American culture from a culture of competition bordering violence to a culture of cooperation and collaboration, but also help alleviate those Chinese scholars' worries about deteriorating US-China relations.
This article originally appeared on the China Daily website
2018 canned wine releases New York's Bridge Lane Wine released a full line of cans in January, including a red blend, rose, chardonnay, sauvignon blanc and white merlot. 01 / 15 New York's Bridge Lane Wine released a full line of cans in January, including a red blend, rose, chardonnay, sauvignon blanc and white merlot. 01 / 15
These trendy, colorful cans have wine snobs forgetting all about class — or at least glass. The convenient concept makes packing and traveling easier, cuts back on corks and counts on you forgetting the wine opener.
Check out the latest canned wine releases in time for the long weekend — and coincidentally National Wine Day (May 25) — from Messina Hof's dry rosé and sweet red, to Eufloria and Nomadica's wine packaging works of art. Wineries in New York, Oregon, Texas and Washington are canning it.
"Canned wine is one of the most innovative wine trends today," says Kevin Mehra, CEO of Latitude Beverage Company, in a release. "Lila Bubbly Rosé features the crisp freshness of a rosé and the light effervescence of a sparkling wine, making it the perfect pairing for any summer celebration."
Plus, find plenty of canned cider in spring's rosé releases below, and flashback to last summer's best frosés for weekend imbibing inspiration.
2018 rosé releases Angry Orchard Rosé debuted in February. The hard cider is made with Amour Rouge apples from Brittany, France; juice from six kinds of apples; and other ingredients, including hibiscus. Six packs are available across America. 01 / 34 Angry Orchard Rosé debuted in February. The hard cider is made with Amour Rouge apples from Brittany, France; juice from six kinds of apples; and other ingredients, including hibiscus. Six packs are available across America. 01 / 34
Where to find frozen wine this summer In Chicago, Cochon Volant Brasserie serves its Frozen Grapes with Singani 63 (a liquor made from Muscat grapes), muddled red and green grapes, Sancere, lemon juice and shaved ice. 01 / 25 In Chicago, Cochon Volant Brasserie serves its Frozen Grapes with Singani 63 (a liquor made from Muscat grapes), muddled red and green grapes, Sancere, lemon juice and shaved ice. 01 / 25
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
​Dozens of shots can be heard as gunman James Hodgkinson, reportedly dismayed at the election of US President Donald Trump, takes aim at the Republican congressional baseball team. Trump confirmed on Wednesday morning that the gunman had been neutralized and was dead.
"That's one hell of a way to start your f*cking morning," an unidentified voice says during the video.
Scalise is in critical condition, according to a Washington hospital.
Tanner and Tara Umbarger, Burlington Jct., announce the birth of a daughter, Kinsley Rae, born Friday, April 20, 2018 at Community Hospital, Fairfax.
They weighed eight pounds and six ounces and joins brother Jaxon, two years old.
Maternal grandparents are Pam Mather and Mike and Angie Lightner.
Paternal grandparents are Duane and Kristy Umbarger.
Cagney and Lacey will be reporting to Captain Ving Rhames.
The Mission: Impossible scene-stealer has joined the cast of Cagney & Lacey, CBS' in-the-works reboot of the classic cop drama, in the series-regular role of Capt. Stark, the LAPD Homicide Coordinator who is unflappable and a leader who inspires loyalty in everyone around him.
As previously reported, Grey's Anatomy‘s Sarah Drew and Blindspot‘s Michelle Hurd have been tapped to succeed Sharon Gless and Tyne Daly as the iconic cops.
Penned by Bridget Carpenter (Parenthood, Friday Night Lights), the pilot — based on the 1982-88 cop show starring Gless and Daly — moves the action from New York to Los Angeles, but keeps the central conceit of two female police detectives teaming up to keep the streets safe.
TORONTO van massacre accused Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, was wearing a white forensic jumpsuit when they appeared in court.
They spoke their name and agreed that they understood the charges.
They showed no expression, nodding along and speaking abruptly and clearly when they addressed the court.
Minassian, who does not yet have a lawyer, was ordered to not contact any of their victims.
First degree murder carries a life sentence in Canada.
An elderly man sat silently in court with tears running down their face as Minassian appeared.
They were mobbed by a large media pack as they left court.
Asked if they had any message to Toronto, they quietly said: “sorry”.
There is still no indication of a motive for yesterday's attack, which left a 2km path of destruction down one of Toronto's busiest streets.
Authorities continue to play down any connections to terrorism.
Minassian will reappear in court on May 10.
On this edition of In Black America, producer/host John L. Hanson Jr. speaks with Dr. Mary Frances Berry, the Geraldine R. Segal Professor of American Social Thought, professor of history at the University of Pennsylvania, former chairperson of the United States Commission on Civil Rights, and author of History Teaches Us to Resist: How Progressive Movements Have Succeeded in Challenging Times.
Berry talks about their days at the University of Michigan, the resistance to presidential administrations that led to positive change and how resistance doesn't always achieve all the goals of a particular movement.
The budget speech by Mineral Resources Minister Gwede Mantashe was a breath of fresh air in at least one respect writes David Christianson. Picture: African News Agency/ANA
JOHANNESBIRG - The budget speech by Mineral Resources Minister Gwede Mantashe and their subsequent media briefing was a breath of fresh air in at least one respect.
The minister showed awareness of problems in the industry beyond the empowerment charter. Their acknowledgement of the regulatory logjam and corruption in their own department - which has seen exploration permits delayed for up to eight years in the worst cases - was in startling contrast to their immediate predecessor.
Mantashe is also aware of the sterilisation of assets through inactive permits and, to their credit, shows an awareness of the dangers of simplistically invoking the "use it or lose it" principle to deal with the problem.
Many assets are "parked" for good reasons - often related to the international price of the commodity - and reallocating licences would not solve the problem.
In short, Mantashe has demonstrated an impressive grasp of their portfolio.
The question is whether they will use this understanding dealing with the hurdles that have constrained South African mining for so long?
Their insights will hardly be useful if they remain blinded to the biggest constraint of all - the racial formatting of opportunities in the sector.
It is not unreasonable to suggest that Mantashe needs to remind themselves of the longer-term history and objectives of the Mining Charter. In 2002, the charter was an industry-initiated process, and was both voluntary and deliberately flexible in its application.
That it has subsequently developed into a compliance nightmare and investment disincentive is a result of successive ministers treating it as legally binding and prescriptive.
The Mining Charter has become an artifice of bureaucratic power. While it is unlikely all of the provisions of the gazetted third draft of the charter will go forward under Mantashe, it is worth noting that these make sense within the world of bureaucratic objectives even where they are little more than madness from an industry perspective.
The yet-to-be-repudiated clause 2.1.1.1. on ownership of prospecting permits is a case in point. It requires that exploration licences are issued to companies that are 50percent plus one black-owned.
The point that mining exploration is almost ridiculously high-risk and, as a result, struggles to attract investors appears to have by-passed the authors of this clause entirely.
Instead they appear to have proceeded by bureaucratic logic, thinking that imposing more onerous black ownership conditions on the smaller companies in the exploration space means that they will inevitably be creating the big black-owned mining companies in future. So, voila, transformation achieved!
Except that, with an insignificant number of exceptions, small explorers do not grow into big miners. What they do is discover and, sometimes, develop assets, and then sell these to big companies. They have a very specific role in the ecology of mining companies.
This is a high-risk role. It is no coincidence that risk-averse investors like pension funds buy into mining companies with established assets and a track record of effectively working them. They do not buy into exploration ventures under any circumstances. The last thing the exploration sector needs is regulation that raises its already considerable risk premium.
The charter that Mantashe is working on will require that new investors in South African mining effectively start by giving away 30percent of their investment. There may actually be assets in South Africa that are rich enough or rare enough to carry such a burden.
But there are not many and the few that do exist (one platinum mine, one diamond mine and one iron ore mine) are hardly the basis of a sunrise industry.
The time has come to admit that the original charter had one primary objective (to transfer 26percent of existing mining assets into black hands) and that it has succeeded in meeting that objective. What exists now is a disincentive to investment and, beyond that, has become a cesspit of corruption and inefficiency, which further disincentivises mining investors.
From a mining perspective, the time for the racial formatting of opportunity is over. The charter should be abandoned. Does Mantashe understand this and, furthermore, can they deliver on it?
David Christianson is a Policy Fellow at the Institute of Race Relations (IRR).
The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media.
- BUSINESS REPORT
Keith Doucette, THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Atlantic Canada's premiers say they are worried about obtaining an adequate supply of weed as they prepare to meet Ottawa's July 1 deadline for legalized marijuana.
The four premiers called on the federal government to expedite the licensing of suppliers following a meeting of the Council of Atlantic Premiers Monday in Halifax.
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil made it clear that ensuring an adequate supply is Ottawa's responsibility.
"It's their timeline, their permitting -- it's their responsibility to ensure the supply is here," said McNeil. "What we're going to do is to make that we're going to meet our commitments in terms of making sure this product becomes legal."
Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Dwight Ball said although their province inked its first production agreement last week, that alone won't make product available until 2019.
Prince Edward Island Premier Wade MacLauchlan said ensuring supply is key given the current risks associated with many illegal and illicit drugs across North America.
"It's absolutely critical right now ... that the cannabis people buy from our four governments is going to be of reliable quality. That it's not going to be crooked, or poison, or kill you -- that is a huge public health issue right now."
Nova Scotia first voiced its concerns about supply last week, after it announced it would set the legal age at 19 and sell pot alongside alcohol in provincial liquor commission stores.
The province said its preference is to use Nova Scotia production facilities, although only two have so far received approval from Health Canada to grow pot and they still aren't licensed to sell.
McNeil warned about the black market that could fill any gap: "Not only does the price matter, if we can't supply it (pot) someone else will."
The premiers said the four provinces would try to come up with a common price per gram. McNeil said they want to avoid the cross-border issues that currently plague alcohol sales.
New Brunswick's Brian Gallant said a delicate balance needs to be struck.
"If we have a price point that is too high we're unfortunately going to see people continue to go to the black market. And if we see a price point that is too low perhaps it's a bit of an incentive for people to use it more than we would want and maybe it's even that much more accessible for youth."
Gallant said any final price should be driven by "who is going to bear the cost" of implementation, pointing out that the 50-50 split of tax revenue initially proposed by Ottawa wasn't going to do that.
Later Monday, Ottawa agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75 per cent share of the tax revenues from legalized marijuana sales.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau said the federal government would retain the remaining 25 per cent share to a maximum of $100 million a year, with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories.
This, after McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached, and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels.
"If there is a markup that a respective province wants to do, it would be outside of that taxation model," McNeil said. "So that was the flexibility that we as a province were looking for and I would say ... it was what we were hearing across the country."
In other policy areas, the Atlantic premiers said they discussed the possibility of aligning their minimum wage rates, although there are no details at this point on how that could be done.
They also said any changes to the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act should provide appropriate protection for the environment without resulting in unnecessary delays to offshore oil and gas project approvals.
"We know the process is working right now so we do not want to see anything that slows down investment in Newfoundland and Labrador," Ball said.
[India], July 04 (ANI): Former Chief Minister of Delhi Sheila Dikshit has welcomed the Supreme Court judgement in the power tussle between Delhi government and Lieutenant Governor (L-G).
"What Supreme Court has said is very clear. As per Article 239 (AA) of the Constitution, Delhi is not a state, it is a Union Territory. If Delhi Government and Lieutenant Governor don't work together then Delhi will face problems," Dikshit told ANI.
In the long-standing dispute over whom the real chief of Delhi is, the apex court on Wednesday ruled that the L-G does not have independent decision-making powers and the real power must lie with the elected government.
Dikshit, who was the Chief Minister of the National Capital for 15 years until 2014, said that the positions of the Chief Minister and L-G of Delhi are very responsible and so it is expected that they work together harmoniously, keeping the disputes aside, just as their Congress party-led government did when they were in power. "Congress ruled Delhi for 15 years, no conflict took place then," said Dikshit. Wednesday's verdict is being considered as a legal victory for Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which moved the Supreme Court in 2016 against the High Court's order that said L-G is the administrative head of Delhi. However, overturning that order the Supreme Court on Wednesday said that the L-G "should not act in a mechanical manner and stall decisions of the Delhi cabinet." The tension between the AAP government and the L-G started months after the AAP swept to power in Delhi in 2015. Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and their colleagues alleged the Bharatiya Janata Party-led central government of stymieing the Delhi government's administrative decisions. Just last month, Kejriwal held a sit-in protest at the visitors' room at L-G Anil Baijal's house. (ANI)
Give the gift of laughter this holiday season!
General Admission: $40 Premium Seating: $50
Doors open at 6:30PM
All proceeds benefit KTOO Public Media.
Paula Poundstone is one of our country's pre-eminent comedians. With smart, observational humor and a spontaneous interaction with a crowd that has become the stuff of legend, they swing on stage like a Jazz musician. Without a plan. Without a net. There's a disarming ease in their craft, an immediate sense that she's so quick on their feet you need never worry about the possibility of something going wrong. KTOO fans will know them as a regular panelist on “Wait, Wait Don't Tell Me”, and from their new NPR podcast “Live From the Poundstone Institute”. Poundstone is the star of several HBO Specials, a top-selling author, and has won numerous awards and praise for their many decades of side-splitting comedy. Learn more about Poundstone and their new book at www.PaulaPoundstone.com.
First lady Melania Trump stands on stage with President Donald Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte Macron during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
First lady Melania Trump stands on stage with President Donald Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte Macron during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Once an absentee first lady, Melania Trump embraced their moment in the spotlight Tuesday for the French president's state visit, ditching their trademark dark sunglasses and shining in a look-at-me white skirt suit and matching hat.
All eyes will again be on the former model Tuesday evening when they step out in a designer gown to greet Emmanuel Macron and their wife, Brigitte, as they arrive for the first state dinner of Trump's administration. The gown reveal is typically a highlight of any White House state dinner.
But for once, the gown may end up in a supporting role. To that hat.
Mrs. Trump wore the stylish belted suit with their broad-brimmed chapeau for their public appearances throughout the day, including on a brief outing to the National Gallery of Art with Mrs. Macron to view an exhibit of works by French painter Paul Cezanne.
The hat stayed atop their head as they returned to the White House and took their front-row seat in the East Room for the president's joint news conference with Macron. It bobbed up and down across the bottom of television screens as they entered the room and again as they rose to leave, spawning many a Twitter meme.
The hat was designed by Herve Pierre, the first lady's French-born stylist, according to Mrs. Trump's office.
"Designing is too big a word for a hat that classical," Pierre texted The Associated Press.
The skirt suit was a creation of Michael Kors, a designer the first lady has worn in the past.
Mrs. Trump was largely absent from Washington during the first six months of the administration, opting to continue living full time at the family's Trump Tower penthouse in New York City so their now-12-year-old son, Barron, wouldn't have to change schools in the middle of the year.
They were rarely seen - and even more rarely heard - during those months, even after they finally moved to Washington last June.
But they seem to be trying to change that, even pushing back publicly against them critics. They recently convened a White House discussion on cyberbullying, an issue they identified as their platform despite their husband's penchant for belittling and berating their foes on Twitter. They acknowledged that people were skeptical of their commitment to curb cyberbullying but said it would not stop them from doing what they believe is right: helping children and the next generation.
Mrs. Trump's white outfit Tuesday recalled another high-profile occasion, the president's first State of the Union address, when the first lady wore a white pantsuit. Trump gave the speech shortly after news broke earlier this year that their personal attorney had paid adult-film star Stormy Daniels $130,000 just before the 2016 presidential election to keep quiet about a sexual encounter Trump says didn't happen.
Inquiring minds wondered what kind of statement the first lady sought to make with them attire.
Them first state dinner seems to be another area where they are aiming to make a statement. The White House stressed that Mrs. Trump, who planned their 2005 wedding, had a hand in every detail of what is the social denouement of Macron's visit. They released a brief video showing them working on the details with their staff, including the menu and the cream-and-gold table settings.
Clearly in their comfort zone, Mrs. Trump was seen exchanging pleasantries in French with members of Macron's delegation during the outdoor arrival ceremony. Them Louboutin stilettos also paid homage to the colors of the French flag with their trademark red sole, towering white heel and blue body.
About 130 guests, seated at round candle-lit tables decorated with bouquets of white flowers, will dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart served on a mix of china settings from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. After-dinner entertainment will be courtesy of the Washington National Opera
State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite and the rather small guest list, compared to the hundreds of guests who came to some of President Barack Obama's dinners, gives Tuesday night's soiree a more exclusive feel. Among those expected to attend are: Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund and a former top French government official; House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and their wife, Louise Linton; and CIA Director Mike Pompeo, Trump's choice to be the next secretary of state.
In a break with tradition, Trump excluded congressional Democrats and journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, whose office confirmed their attendance.
___
Associated Press writer Thomas Adamson in Paris contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Matt Coleman scored 22 points, leading a big Texas second-half rally before their late free throws helped secure a 79-74 win over No. 12 Oklahoma and first-year student star Trae Young on Saturday.
Coleman scored 14 points in the second half. Their free throws down the stretch came after they missed three in a row late in an overtime loss at Texas Tech that could have helped clinch a victory. Texas closed the game on a 22-8 run.
Kerwin Roach II added 19 points for Texas (15-8, 5-5 Big 12).
Young, the national scoring leader, came in averaging 30.3 points, but finished with 19 points on 7-of-22 shooting and made just two 3-pointers. They had 14 assists. The loss kept the Sooners (16-6, 6-4) from pulling into a three-way tie atop the Big 12 with Kansas and Texas Tech.
Young scored seven points in a flurry early in the second half that pushed the Sooners to a 50-40 lead, and Oklahoma looked ready to pull away. Coleman kept that from happening with a burst that got the Longhorns and the home crowd back into it. A long 3-pointer and two more jumpers by Coleman tied it at 52 with 12 minutes left.
Young's shooting troubles didn't become a problem for Oklahoma until late when Texas tore through a 13-0 run to take its first lead since early in the first half. Dylan Osetkowski's two free throws tied the game at 66 before Young missed consecutive 3-pointers on Oklahoma's next two possessions. Coleman made a tough layup over two defenders and another by Roach put Texas ahead by four with 3:32 to play.
Coleman's first free throws with just under two minutes left put Texas up 74-70, and two more with 56 seconds left stretched the Longhorns' lead to six. Coleman hadn't been to the line since their misses late against Texas Tech.
Young continues to show they can do more than score. They struggled to find their shot early as both long and short attempts found an unfriendly rim. But Young keeps pushing the ball and the offense with sharp passes, splitting defenses that have eyes locked on him. Young had nine assists in the first half, most of them leading to easy dunks and layups as the Sooners scored 34 points in the paint in the half. They would have had more assists, but their teammates sometimes get caught watching them as well and dropped several passes for turnovers.
Texas got its third straight home win over a ranked opponent and continues to protect its home court in the rugged Big 12. The Longhorns did it despite an unusually quiet game from first-year student forward Mo Bamba, who scored 13 and had nine rebounds, but could do little to stop the Sooners from scoring 56 points in the paint, many of them coming on dunks and alley-oops.
Oklahoma hosts No. 15 West Virginia on Monday at 8 p.m.
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) - Zimbabwe's new leader has publicly named more than 1,800 companies and individuals accused of illegally stashing hundreds of millions of dollars overseas and not bringing the money home under a now-expired amnesty deal.
President Emmerson Mnangagwa has vowed to fight corruption after the dramatic resignation in November of longtime leader Robert Mugabe, whose government was accused of widespread mismanagement of the once-prosperous country.
Mnangagwa in December announced the amnesty deal, which expired Friday. They now say $591 million of the $1.2 billion suspected to be illegally stashed overseas has been returned.
The president says those on the list should "take heed of the importance of good corporate governance and the legal obligations of citizenry" or face prosecution.
Their list shows China as the main destination for "funds externalized to foreign banks in cash or under spurious transactions."
Four Zimbabwe state-owned diamond-mining firms are among those accused of moving the most money abroad in "illicit financial flows." The four firms, which mined in fields that once courted controversy over alleged army killings of illegal artisanal miners and looting, are accused of failing to repatriate over $111 million in export proceeds.
Mugabe previously claimed the firms spirited out $15 billion from the diamond fields, where the Chinese were major players until Zimbabwe's government cancelled all licenses to make way for a state monopoly in 2016.
Also Monday, a government gazette notice said the government has repealed sections of an indigenization law that limited foreign ownership of businesses to 49 percent, though diamonds and platinum are still reserved for majority ownership by the state. The move also had been promised by the new president.
Tickets on sale for March 29 FWC Mad Hatters Luncheon
Tickets are already on sale for the Foley Woman's Club's annual Mad Hatters' Luncheon on March 29 at the Foley Civic Center. The theme this year is Western Bonanza. Tickets are $30 for a catered seated lunch, many raffle prizes, entertainment, a silent auction, and a $500 Pot-of-Gold raffle. Doors open at 10 a.m. for the silent auction. Tickets and information can be obtained from Chris Anglin, 251-943-3443. All event profits are donated to South Baldwin County groups and schools to help make a difference in the lives of women and children.
With new rental vouchers, better neighborhoods now more affordable May 15
Fishtown venue must cough up $20k in restitution to couples jilted out of wedding site
Fishtown venue must cough up $20k in restitution to couples jilted out of wedding site May 30
Matt Chin and Dana Pidliskey, of Bloomfield, N.J., had a wedding scheduled at Skybox on Nov. 3, 2018. They received notice this week from the Attorney General's office that they will get their $3,000 deposit back. (Janae Rose Photography)
Four couples whose Fishtown wedding venue closed unexpectedly, leaving them scrambling to find a new location and out thousands of dollars, will recover their deposits, the Pennsylvania Attorney General's office announced Wednesday.
The operators of the venue known as Skybox in the 2400 block of East York Street will pay $20,250 to fully refund the couples. The business had been operating illegally, on an expired permit, and was shut down in April.
Under the settlement, Skybox owner Christos Aivazoglou, also known as Chris Voz, will also refund any eligible couples who file complaints in the next 30 days.
The settlement includes $2,500 spent on the Attorney General's Bureau of Consumer Protection.
“Skybox accepted deposits and reservations from these Pennsylvania consumers — even though the business was operating illegally,” Shapiro said in a statement. “When the venue was shut down, couples lost their deposit and were left scrambling to find a new wedding location.”
Dana Pidliskey, 29, and Matt Chin, 31, of Bloomfield, were told they will get back the $3,000 they paid for a November 2018 wedding by the end of the month. They have since found another location in Kensington, and will put the refund toward the wedding.
“It was a little bit emotional, really,” Pidliskey said. “But I'm just elated and happy. It feels like justice has kind of been served. We didn't know which direction it would take, but we had hope because we had so many resources helping us, so there's just relief and happiness.”
Several people offered venues to the couples after the Inquirer and Daily News published their stories, including the Fraternal Order of Police and developer Bart Blatstein, who said he'd open up the Mansion Ballroom at the Showboat Hotel in Atlantic City free of charge to any stranded couple.
Attempts to immediately reach Voz were unsuccessful. Their attorney, Jordan Rushie, said their client wants to share their side of the story but didn't provide further information. “Chris has made right with respect to putting money in escrow for anyone who felt they didn't get the services they were provided,” Rushie said. “We're very much looking forward to making a statement and getting our facts out there.”
Scott Janzen, one of the property owners, said Voz is no longer leasing the event space in the building, which has about 75 other tenants. The former Skybox will probably be leased as small office space, Janzen said.
Anyone affected should contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection at 800-441-2555 or email scams@attorneygeneral.gov to file a complaint by June 28.
When Kamehameha made the decision to support the voyage of Hokulea in 2013 as the education sponsor, it was somewhat risky. No one had ever done something like this before. But the Trustees and leaders at Kamehameha signed on to the promise and backed it with funding and in-kind support because they believed in the vision, the urgency of caring for our planet, and the brilliance of Hawaiian culture and everything that voyaging has brought to restoring the cultural vibrancy of our lahui.
As an educational organization carrying the name of Kamehameha Nui and the legacy of Ke Ali?i Pauahi, there was no question that Kamehameha needed to be a part of this voyage because of the message that it carries to all children around the world, and especially to our haumana and our keiki about their future; the future that they will be called upon to navigate us through safely. The voyage represents an amazing opportunity for them to learn unique skills as future local and global leaders.
As a grass roots, ?ohana-based organization, the continued successes of the Polynesian Voyaging Society are a tribute to Pinky Thompson and many others who envisioned and built this organization. These successes, sometimes against all odds it seems, are a tribute to leaders like Nainoa, Aunty Laura, Bruce and others in our community. These leaders are models of the humility, service, courage, and compassion that it takes to navigate through challenge and opportunity with clear vision.
Now that the canoe has traveled the world, people have come to know the name “Hokule'a” and the term “Polynesian Voyaging.” Hopefully they are reminders of concepts like aloha - as the greatest truth, compassion, earth justice, ocean connections, ancestral wisdom, leadership.
Hokule?a has always been a living treasure to us here at home and in the Pacific. Now, they are a living treasure to diverse peoples and communities all around the world. They represent a gift that we in Hawai?i can share and learn from locally and globally, and their sails are filled by all of the aloha that carried them around the world safely, bringing that mana back to us here in Hawai?i, our precious islands.
The voyage has helped develop an impressive cadre of new ?oiwi leaders. They understand kuleana. They understand family. They know how to face their fears and take on the challenges in front of them. In addition, they understand when to follow, when it?s time to tow the line, do the hard work and learn in that doing, ma ka hana ka ?ike. They know how to take risks and how to be creative. That?s not to say they are finished products, but through the experiences of the voyage, we can witness their dedication to learning and growing. They are role models. And, we are proud that many of them are graduates of Kamehameha Schools or have been mentored by our alumni in many walks of life. We look forward to seeing their amazing journeys and continued successes ahead as they live and ensure the vibrancy of our culture and knowledge.
Kamehameha Schools vision is for a thriving Lahui. Culturally, for our Lahui to thrive, our islands, our earth must also thrive because of the deep interrelationship between people, land, and sea. This kinship is captured in the values we lead by at Kamehameha Schools, driving two of our cultural principles to ho?ola lahui and aloha ?aina. These messages are deeply embedded in the values and actions that Malama Honua represents.
At the summit this week, is an excellent opportunity to learn about Malama Honua stories of hope inspired by the voyage. You?ll see educational exhibits highlighting voyaging, education, environment, and well-being, as well as learn about what's next for Hokule‘a and how you can help to navigate alongside us towards a brighter future for our haumana and our Lahui.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
CLEVELAND — Jacoby Ellsbury will serve as New York's designated hitter in Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the Indians.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi is going with Ellsbury over Chase Headley because of their success in the past against Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Ellsbury has batted .263 (5-19) in their career against Kluber, who went 2-0 with a 1.59 ERA in two starts against New York this season. Headley is just 1 of 14 against Kluber.
The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge. The MVP candidate struck out four times, but Girardi isn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
"I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching them go through some of their ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back," Girardi said. "So I'm not really too concerned about it."
Indians manager Terry Francona made two moves with their lineup. Austin Jackson will start in left field against New York left-hander CC Sabathia, and Yan Gomes will catch Kluber. Roberto Perez started behind the plate in Game 1.
Also, Francona said there's a good chance Michael Brantley will start in left field in Game 3 at Yankee Stadium. Brantley missed 50 games over the final two months with an ankle injury.
However, Brantley, who is available off the bench in Game 2, has made huge progress in recent weeks and Francona is glad the All-Star is back. Brantley missed Cleveland's run to the World Series last year following two shoulder surgeries.
"He helps us win," Francona said. "I'm excited for them because last year they missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing. I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us."
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
PARIS (AP) - A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old - and eventual tournament champion - Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; they won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 percent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' They obviously aren't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. They did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before their first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
After Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and serve for the victory, Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone run. They double-faulted. Then they tried their second underhand serve, dropping the point. Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 lead, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover and, soon enough, it was over.
"It wasn't that I was tired or anything," Donaldson said. "It was just my leg muscles had reached their limit, basically."
After the final point, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - thanking their own legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
"I had quite a little bit left in the tank, so that was great," said Dimitrov, who equaled their best French Open showing by reaching the third round. "And I think it meant a lot to the whole team, but especially to my fitness guy. ... It's great to win a match in five sets. I think it stays with you. You keep it."
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Marvin Jones looks different this spring — and it's not just the shiny blue visor he's wearing on their face mask.
It's their lower-body strength. It's their speed. It's their route running.
The 27-year-old wide receiver looks altogether more polished entering their second season with Lions.
“I think Marvin started out (last) season extremely well. He's been doing even better this spring. He's had one of those springs that you kind of look to,” said Jim Caldwell. “This guy is right there on the verge of maintaining that kind of explosive start that they had last year. He's really, really had a real good spring.”
It was a tale of two seasons for Jones in 2016. Through their first seven games they had 33 catches for 623 yards and four touchdowns. Over their final eight, 22 catches for 307 yards and zero touchdowns. They went from the fiercest weapon in the Lions' passing attack to a relative afterthought.
Unhappy with this tailspin, Jones changed their workout regimen in the offseason.
“Just the intensity, picking up the intensity in terms of the lower body and picking up the weight and really building the strength. That's not to say that I didn't do it last year, because I did, but it's just an added focus — less focus on the upper body and more on the lower body,” Jones said.
“Obviously that's something that adds a great deal to what we can do as receivers. I've always worked on it, but this was a supreme focus,” they added. “Instead of just cranking out damn near 400 (pounds) on the bench, why not add some on your legs? That's been a priority for me and it's been working out good. I love how I feel.”
Jones' emphasis on lower-body explosiveness was imparted on them by a friend — a friend who happens to be one of the greatest wide receivers of all time.
“This offseason, before I came up here (to Detroit), I was training with Randy Moss. We were just really going at it and competing. I was getting a lot of insight from them in terms of what I wanted to focus on,” Jones said.
They and Moss met last season through the Lions strength and conditioning coach Harold Nash, who had worked with Moss during their time with the Patriots.
“I talked with them during the season when I was on a little run, just to seek guidance,” Jones said.
They decided to connect in the offseason. That led them to a football field in North Carolina, master and pupil honing their craft. Day after day, Jones was a sponge, both dripping with sweat and sucking up information.
A tip that Moss gave them on route running stands out.
“One of the biggest things, especially as a wide receiver that aids in your ability to take it the distance after the catch, is staying friendly (to the quarterback),” Jones explained. “If you have an in-breaking route, coming back negative. If you come back and you drift a little bit, the safety could come get you or the corner could come tackle your legs. When you're going friendly to the quarterback it creates distance and space.
“We were talking about a lot of stuff like that, where we kept repping it for hours and hours and it kind of sunk in. It's just been great.”
The two plan to meet up again before training camp.
If Jones has looked different this spring, so they have seen things differently. He's taken to wearing a blue visor that makes it harder for them to track the football. The thinking is simple: If they can catch a pass with the visor on, think about how many he'll catch when it comes off.
“It's a lot darker, so you can't see the ball as clear as you can when you have no visor. I like it as a challenge, just to keep narrowing my focus,” said Jones.
They added with a laugh, “It also looks pretty cool.”
Sure does.
Jones agreed with Caldwell's assessment that their spring has gotten off to a good start. He's stronger. He's smarter. He's more familiar with the offense.
“All that is adding into me being comfortable, and I just feel like I'm ready, I'm ready to go,” Jones said. “We're a ways away but I can't wait to show what I have.”
Ubisoft's seminal free-roaming rampage simulator comes back for another swing. The action of Far Cry 5 is set in the heart of Montana. It's the first time a Far Cry game has been set in the USA.
Far Cry 5 – new features
One of the definitely new features of the new Far Cry 5 are the allies you can recruit to your fight against the Seed family's doomsday cult ruling the hope country now. There will be a bunch of characters to choose from, depending on your playstyle and mission type. There will be a sniper, a pilot providing air support, a more assault-focused companion…and a dog. The dog's going to be a pretty handy companion, too.
For one, Boomer's going to be able to freely walk around enemy bases to tag people to take down. During combat proper he's going to harass your foes, and may even fetch you their weapons. That's a good boy, yes they are.
Another feature we've never seen in an Far Cry game before is player character customisation. For the first time in the series Ubisoft will let us define the appearance of our avatar, down to gender and skin tone. Given that some of the previous Far Crys (Far Cries?) got us pasty twenty-somethings to play as, getting to create our own alter ego isn't a bad thing.
The protagonist
Spinning off from the alter ego theme, the kind of character we're playing also changes, verges slightly into the “licensed operative” territories explored in Ubisoft's Tom Clancy-licensed games. Namely, instead of a dude randomly dropped into the thick of things, we're actually playing as a deputy sheriff sent to cut short the mess happening in Hope County. What that means is that we actually have a business being where we are. It's debatable if the badge of office is enough of a license to cause the traditional Far Cry wholesale destruction, but when your entire task force is down for the count and all you have are some disgruntled locals you have no choice but jump right into the madness that Far Cry 5 gameplay will expect of you.
Extracurricular activities
It wouldn't be a Ubisoft game if it didn't shower you with activities in excess of the main storyline. Although Montana isn't exactly an exotic locale like tropical islands or nonspecific mountainous countries, there will be plenty to do in the huge open-world environment.
For one, hunting comes back in full swing, since at this point it has pretty much become an essential part of the Far Cry experience. It's unknown what bonuses it will unlock, but it's good to know it's back. If you're more of a casual hunter, there will be fishing, too. It's probably going to have its own minigame, because unlike with bears and cougars shooting fish with an assault rifle isn't exactly useful, usually.
There are also going to be vehicles, because you need SOME means of getting around and the map isn't going to be small, either. Far Cry 5 is going to have fully functional planes, allowing you to rain death from above, or engage in county-scale dogfighting, if Seed's followers get planes of their won. Of course they aren't going to be combat aircraft, but crop dusters and the like.
Far Cry 5 new trailer
Since the vague and surprisingly subtle announcement trailers we got a bunch more, showcasing individual resistance members, overall gameplay, or the voice actors for certain characters.
One of the latest trailers is like a recruitment vido for the Hope County resistance.
Pretty convincing.
Far Cry 5 PC Release Date
After several delays and a lot of silence, Far Cry 5 release finally settled on March 27th 2018. It means that Q1 of 2018 is going to close with a bang and the staccato of gunshots, which is a very good way to end one quarter and enter another.
Far Cry 5 System Requirements
Not too long ago Ubisoft announced the final system requirement for Far Cry 5. They look draining, but not exactly monstrous. Nothing like The Witcher 3 which demanded a relative Skynet of a PC for the time it was released.
Minimum system requirements
OS: Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only)
Processor: Intel Core i5-2400 @ 3.1 GHz or AMD FX-6300 @ 3.5 GHz or equivalent
Video card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 or AMD R9 270 (2GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better)
System RAM: 8GB
Resolution: 720p
Video Preset: Low
Recommended system configuration for 60fps experience
OS: Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only)
Processor:Intel Core i7-4770 @ 3.4 GHz or AMD Ryzen 5 1600 @ 3.2 GHz or equivalent
Video card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 or AMD R9 290X (4GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better)
System RAM: 8GB
Resolution: 1080p
Video Preset: High
Maximum system requirements (4K, 60fps)
OS: Windows 10 (64-bit version only)
Processor: Intel Core i7-6700K @ 4.0 GHz or AMD Ryzen 7 1700X @ 3.4 GHz or equivalent
Video card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 SLI or AMD RX Vega 56 CFX (8GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better)
System RAM: 16GB
Resolution: 2160p
Video Preset: High/Ultra
Supported graphics cards
Nvidia
GeForce GTX600 series: GeForce GTX670 or better
GeForce GTX700 series: GeForce GTX760 or better
GeForce GTX900 series: GeForce GTX950 or better
GeForce GTX10-Series: GeForce GTX1050 or better
AMD
Radeon 200 series: Radeon R9 270 or better
Radeon 300/Fury X series: Radeon R7 370 or better
Radeon 400 series: Radeon RX 460 or better
Radeon Vega series: any Radeon Vega series
Closing statements
Far Cry 5 is shaping up to be an interesting and engaging open world action game. With a large map, multitudinous activities, interesting premise, and a significant change of scenery, it is going to be as memorable as Far Cry: Blood Dragon or Far Cry: Primal were. Which is always good.
Source: www.ubisoft.com
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A knife-wielding man who slashed their ex-lover and their daughter during a terrifying attack has been jailed.
Martin Colin Hodder, 45, left both women with wounds from the blade during the ‘sustained' attack in January, a court heard.
It happened after Hodder had downed a bottle and a half of vodka and started talking about their past, the hearing was told.
Initially Hodder put the knife to their own throat but then they turned on the two women, prosecutors said.
Hodder, of Parr Street, Macclesfield, who has previous convictions for violence, admitted two charges of assault, at Stockport magistrates' court.
Magistrates jailed them for 18 weeks for what they described as ‘a sustained attack with a weapon in a domestic setting whilst in drink'.
After the hearing, the older victim, who asked not to be named, slammed the sentence, which includes a year-long restraining order.
They said: “I cannot sleep or eat because of what that man put me through. Considering their record and the fact they slashed us with a knife, that sentence is a disgrace. I am devastated. They will be out in a few weeks.”
During the hearing, Robert Jones, prosecuting, said Hodder continued to live with their ex after they split.
They said: “On January 14 the defendant and their ex were drinking with their daughter. Hodder had consumed one and half bottles of vodka. They were jolly but as they became more drunk they began talking about their past.”
The court heard that Hodder then got up and went into the kitchen only to return with a butter knife.
Mr Jones said: “He started waving it around. They held the knife to their own throat and tried to cut himself. They were asked to put the knife down.
“He then came at their ex-partner who held up their hands to protect herself. They received cuts to their arms. They then cut their own neck twice. They were waving the knife back and forth.”
Magistrates heard that Hodder was ‘pacing up and down'.
Mr Jones said: “He made threats towards their ex-partner and their daughter tried to calm them down. They then pointed the knife at them and said ‘I don't care. I will take your life too'. The daughter then tried to take the knife from them and the blade slashed their wrist.”
Anthony Gardener, defending, said: “He hasn't been in trouble for six years.”
Enthusiasts who buy new sports cars often want to unleash their cars' performance on a track, where it's both safe and legal to fully exploit all that the sporty car can offer. But doing so often comes with a slight fear: will this void the car's warranty? If your weapon of choice is the Hyundai i30 N, the answer is a reassuring “no.”
Australia's Wheels reports that the company will not cancel or limit the warranty on the i30 N hot hatchback just because the car has seen duty on a circuit. Hyundai representatives noted that the car was tested extensively on race tracks, including a claimed 10,000 miles of endurance and development testing on the grueling Nürburgring. In other words, it's both tough enough to withstand use out on track, and Hyundai is confident enough in that toughness to stand behind their product at the dealership. The company's only qualification was that this policy concerns “non-competitive” use: i.e. a casual track day, but not an all-out race.
This strategy is not, of course, unique to Hyundai. Chevrolet has also stressed if its performance cars are taken to the track, dealerships will still honor the factory warranty. Above all, it's reassuring for potential buyers who want to use their new performance cars as intended.
As a refresher, the Hyundai i30 N is a 155-mile-per-hour hot hatch that will dash to 62 mph in just 6.2 seconds when equipped with its optional Performance package. In base form, the turbocharged 2.0-liter engine delivers 247 horsepower, while the Performance variant offers 271 hp. With five selectable driving modes, adaptive dampers, bespoke Pirelli performance tires, and a racy body kit, the i30 N looks like it would be huge fun on a track
While the i30 N will not be coming to the U.S., we're hopeful that this warranty confidence will extend to the Veloster N that's set to launch before the end of the year. Its 2.0-liter turbo engine offers up 275 hp and 260 pound-feet of torque, with a six-speed manual sending all that grunt to the front tires. Hyundai says the Veloster N will also have adaptive suspension, a “zero-scrub” front suspension design to quell torque steer, and functional aerodynamic elements.
Source: Wheels
(Editor's note: This review comes from Ben Terrall, a freelance writer based in San Francisco, California, whose work has appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle, the San Francisco Bay View, In These Times, CounterPunch, and Noir City. Terrall last wrote for January Magazine about Alfred W. McCoy's In the Shadows of the American Century.)
If you are looking for a book for someone with a perverse sense of humor about contemporary narcissism, it would be hard to find a more entertaining new choice than Desperately Seeking Self-Improvement: A Year Inside the Optimization Movement by Carl Cederström and André Spicer (OR Books).
Spicer and Cederström (shown in the photograph above) are professors of “organization studies” at different business schools. This wouldn't necessarily indicate that they can refrain from taking themselves too seriously, but they acquit themselves quite handily in that regard. The two academics previously collaborated on The Wellness Syndrome (2015), an investigation into exercise and meditation obsessives that The Guardian called “brilliantly sardonic.”
In the course of the year they spent doing the research that became Desperately Seeking Self-Improvement, Spicer and Cederström engaged in participatory journalism in the style of George Plimptom, an approach which lead to such immersion in their project that it disrupted their home lives. Their areas of focus for this project changed monthly: this book's 12 chapters concentrate on body, brain, relationships, spirituality, sex, pleasure, creativity, money, morality, attention, and meaning. By the time they finished writing, between them they had put on muscle mass via CrossFit; gone on a Master Cleanse liquid diet; dipped into mindfulness and yoga; gone to therapists and career coaches; made a disastrous attempt at stand-up comedy; and engaged in a jaw-dropping masculinity-enhancement workshop that includes screaming naked in the woods. There's also an investigation into prostate vibrators that's thorough enough to give Mike Pence a heart attack.
The two intrepid authors start off their year with determined pursuit of greater productivity, partly with the help of drugs falling on the speedy edge of the pharmaceutical spectrum. Cederström becomes a fan of Bulletproof Coffee, alleged by its creator, “biohacker” Dave Asprey, to dramatically improve cognitive performance. Cederström watches an online lecture by Asprey entitled “How I Made My Mind My Bitch,” in which Asprey describes only sleeping two and a half hours each morning and using a standing desk with their feet parked on a bed of nails. Neither Cederström nor Spicer go quite that far, but Cederström (who is Swedish) diligently pops pills which fuel many extra hours of work on writing projects, while Spicer (who is from New Zealand) commits to an immersion in the Landmark Forum, an extremely profitable self-improvement boot camp for spiritual seekers with money to burn. Although they are the one to push Spicer into Landmark and its world of burning out recruits before pressuring them to bring in more recruits, Cederström soon becomes disinterested: “I was on dexamphetamine, writing feverishly, having no time or inclination to support their personal transformation.”
The hilariously edgy, often competitive nature of the interactions between Cederström and Spicer are, to me at least, a highlight of the book. The two professors wind up behaving like vain, petty teenagers competing for leads in a school play, which is entirely appropriate given the arrested development that the book shows running rampant in the self-help industry. Here's a typically mean entry from Spicer:
At about 8:00 a.m., Carl Skyped. They were lying on a couch under a blanket. They looked pitiful. I instantly started feeling better about things. This always happens. When Carl feels bad, I feel good. Buoyed by Carl's illness, I continued writing. At 4:00 a.m., I clicked Save. The book was done.
Cederström also writes several books in the course of their year of living self-indulgently, one of which is a thriller that several people they consults tell them is serviceable. But when they submit the attempt at a beach novel to a literary agent, it is rejected, and the would-be novelist is left reflecting that the Samuel Beckett phrase “Try again. Fail again. Fail better.” had become a favored catchphrase in Silicon Valley. Cederström writes, “Had the self-improvement industry replaced the ideals of success with failure? And when did Beckett become a self-help guru? Was there nothing that the self-improvement industry could not absorb?”
Cederström's observation rings true when, in the midst of a month of working to convince more people to pay attention to them (on social media, naturally), they say: “As I was doing my second set of bench presses, I thought about [social critic] Christopher Lasch's claim that in the early 1970s, as people lost hope in improving the world politically, they retreated into self-improvement. It was no small irony that our year of self-improvement was also the year when both Britain and the USA had fallen apart politically.”
Given the widespread stress caused by the current U.S. administration's efforts to destroy anything even remotely helpful to people who aren't millionaires, a continuation of societal retreat into 1970s- and '80s-style self-absorption would not be all that surprising. After all, if you can't have a humane government, there's always plastic surgery and half-naked selfies on Instagram. ◊
NEW YORK (AP) - An estimated 6.3 million people saw the premiere of Netflix's "Lost in Space" within the first three days that the streaming service made it available this month, a promising start that would make it one of the outlet's more popular series after the phenomenon of "Stranger Things."
The Nielsen company is starting to draw the curtain back on some of the user numbers for streaming services, which have been reluctant to do so on their own.
"We've had a lot of anxiety among our clients about sharing this data with you," said Brian Fuhrer, senior vice president of product leadership for Nielsen, on Tuesday, "because they're still learning it."
Nielsen's data also shows the impact of binging: the average "Lost in Space" viewer watched the show for two and a half hours on those first few days. Netflix released 10 separate one-hour episodes of the show on April 13 and, within three days, nearly 1.2 million people watched the last episode, a clear indication they'd seen the whole season.
Roughly 10 percent of the total time spent watching television now is spent with streaming services, Nielsen said. The number approaches one-quarter of all viewing among viewers aged 12 to 17. Netflix dominates, with 49 percent of the streaming viewing coming on their service. YouTube's 10 percent is the second-highest individual service, Nielsen said.
For all of the attention that new series put on by the streaming services gets, Nielsen said that 80 percent of the viewing goes to older programs like "Friends."
Four years ago, 88 percent of television viewing came on cable or satellite. Now that number is down to 79 percent, an indication of the impact of cord cutting, Nielsen said.
On the broadcast networks last week, ABC's "Roseanne" was again the week's most-watched show.
CBS easily won the week in prime time, averaging 6.7 million viewers. NBC had 4.8 million viewers, ABC had 4.4 million, Fox had 3 million, Univision had 1.6 million, ION Television had 1.3 million, the CW had 1.2 million and Telemundo had 1.1 million.
TNT was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 3.06 million viewers in prime time. Fox News Channel had 2.37 million, MSNBC had 1.94 million, HGTV had 1.35 million and ESPN had 1.3 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8.5 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.9 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 6 million viewers.
For the week of April 16-22, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "Roseanne," ABC, 13.27 million; "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 12.91 million; "Young Sheldon," CBS, 11.67 million; "NCIS," CBS, 11.44 million; "Bull," CBS, 10.83 million; "The Voice" (Monday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 9.35 million; "60 Minutes," CBS, 9.02 million; "Mom," CBS, 8.83 million; "NCIS: New Orleans," CBS, 8.46 million; "The Voice" (Wednesday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 8.39 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
© AFP 2016/ Eduardo Munoz Alvarez Obama Administration Supporters Led Secret Campaign to Discredit Flynn
–
WASHINGTON (Sputnik)On Monday night, Flynn announced their decision to leave the national security adviser post amid the growing controversy surrounding information leaked to the media about their conversations with Kislyak prior to Trump's inauguration.
"It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out [in December, Obama administration expelled 35 Russian diplomats over Moscow's alleged interference in the presidential elections]. So that's what it turned out to be. It was basically, ‘Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, ‘We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that," Flynn told The Daily Caller news outlet.
They added that leaking classified information to a reporter constitute a crime.
"In some of these cases, you're talking about stuff that's taken off of a classified system and given to a reporter. That's a crime. You call them leaks. It's a criminal act," Flynn stressed.
Former adviser also questioned the motive behind the leak which led to their resignation.
"One has to wonder, ‘Are they coming out of people in the National Security Council? Are they coming out of people in the intel community? Or State? Or Defense?'" they asked.
Flynn's phone communications with Kislyak have raised questions about whether the broke the Logan Act of 1799 that prohibits private US citizens from engaging with foreign nations in diplomatic disputes. To date, no American has been penalized for violating the Logan Act.
On Tuesday, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that Flynn's resignation was a domestic matter in the United States that merits no further comments.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
